Yesterday in Washington, the big story: The apartment building where Bob Dole lives was evacuated because of a suspicious package in a paper bag.  And it turns out it was just Newt Gingrichs first loan payment.Its been reported this is interesting that just after she was convicted, true story, Martha Stewart called her office to find out who was working and who had taken the day off. Yeah, Martha couldnt hear the answer because the office party was too loud.Over the weekend -- also kind of a big story - - Senator Nancy -- shes a Republican senator -- Nancy Kassebaum married former Republican Senator Howard Baker, which is very nice.  Uh-huh, apparently they wrote their own vows, and then President Clinton vetoed them, which I thought was very unfair.One of Henry Kissingers former assistants revealed something very weird about Henry Kissinger.  She said that he used to make her walk behind him and pick up deposits left by his dog.  Yeah, and when asked about it, Kissinger said, Thats funny, I never had a dog.In a recent interview -- this is true -- President Clinton -- I dont know if you heard this.  He said that after his next term runs out, Hillary and he may adopt a baby.  Seriously, yeah.  Yeah, of course, if they adopt a foreign baby, the Republicans will make them give it back.Hollywood insiders say that in 1997, one of the biggest movies is expected to be the new sequel to Home Alone. They say its going to be huge.  Yeah, this ones a bit different, though.  Its about Bob Dole.I dont know if you saw this, but yesterday, folks, in South Carolina, a waiter was arrested for leaving President Clinton a threatening note.  Seriously.  Yeah, and apparently, the note said, I cant carry that much food, fatty!I dont know if youve heard this yet.  This is true, though.  The White House confirmed that theres a nude beach within walking distance of where President Clinton is vacationing.  Yeah, thats right.  Yeah, in fact, today President Clinton said, I had no idea I could walk 73 miles.Disneyland -- have you heard -- has closed, ladies and gentlemen, their Pirates of the Caribbean ride because of an exhibit which shows a man chasing a big-breasted woman. ...  Yeah, a spokesman for Disney said, We need that exhibit to update the Hall of Presidents.Last year, women in Washington, D.  C. made more money than women anywhere else in the country.  True fact.  Yeah, although thats expected to change now that Dick Morris is out of the picture.I read in the paper today -- this is true -- this year, true story, the White House is offering commemorative collectors plates to celebrate President Clintons inauguration.  Seriously.  Yeah, and each plate comes with a certificate that guarantees it was licked clean by the President.  Speaking of Washington, true story.  It was reported today, ladies and gentlemen, that Tipper Gore is thinking of becoming a member of a rock band.  Yeah.  Meanwhile, Al Gore is thinking of becoming a rock.And, by far, the oddest thing, and this is a little scary but everything is okay.  Earlier this week, a Philadelphia man was arrested because he sent a molotov cocktail to President Clinton.  Yeah.  Fortunately, Ted Kennedy intercepted the package and drank it.There was a mistake in yesterdays Inaugural.  The minister, apparently, at yesterdays ceremony, accidentally called First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton -- he called her Hillary Rodman Clinton.  Yeah, the First Lady laughed about it and then kicked him in the groin as hard as she could.Last night, Michael Bolton and Kenny G. performed at the Inaugural ball.  Thats right.  Yeah, it was the first time Secret Service agents have ever called in a bomb scare that we know of.This was a big thing in his speech yesterday.  Kind of an interesting phrase, President Clinton said, Nothing big ever came from being small. Thats right, yeah.  And after hearing this, Paula Jones said, Oh, no, not this speech again.I dont know if you heard this, but it was reported today that President Clinton and the First Lady had a big fight at the Inauguration because he forgot to bring the family bible.  Thats right.  Yeah, true story.  Yeah, luckily, the President had several motel room bibles in the car, so they were all right.The New England Journal of Medicine said that President Clintons opposition to the medical use of marijuana is misguided, heavy-handed and inhumane. Yeah, and, thats true.  Yeah, and they went on to say, Not to mention, its a major buzz kill.And, finally, very strange, after the verdict, reporters followed O.J. Simpson home and noticed that he stopped off at Baskin-Robbins to get ice cream.  Yeah, and not surprising, after the State of the Union address, President Clinton did the same thing. You probably saw this the other night in his speech, but President Clinton said the countrys educational system has to be fixed.  He said we have to fix our educational system.  And a new poll that came out today revealed that 83% of Americans agree with him. ...  Yeah, which Im pretty sure is almost half.President Clinton apparently said that when it comes to the different reactions to the O.J. Simpson verdict, whites and blacks should try to put themselves in each others shoes.  Thats right.  Yeah, and he said, Unless theyre those ugly ass Bruno Magli shoes.  This is big news.  President Clintons nominee for head of the CIA may not be confirmed cause reportedly he lied to Congress.  Did you hear about that?  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah, the good news is, this puts him right in line to be speaker of the House, which is a good job.President Clinton announced that hes chosen Little Rock, Arkansas, as the site of his presidential library.  Hes very cool.  Yeah, he also announced that his presidential library will have a food court where you can get nachos with the presidential seal.President Clinton was in town (New York) yesterday, and last night -- it was in the paper -- 100 guests paid $25,000 each to have dinner with President Clinton.  Yeah, it would have been a lot cheaper, but they had to pitch in for the Presidents meal, too.I dont know if you saw this, but earlier today, kind of a big story -- Secretary of State Madeleine Albright met with Boris Yeltsin.  And she said that Yeltsin -- this is a quote -- Yeltsin is at the top of his game. Yeah, unfortunately his game is quarters.Hillary Clinton became the first, First Lady to win a Grammy award.  Never happened before.  Its very cool, yeah.  And good news for President Clinton, too.  The Lincoln Bedroom won AAAs best lodging award.A House committee has subpoenaed the passenger list for Air Force I to check for more campaign violations.  Thats the latest thing.  Apparently, the part of the list raising the most questions is the Mile High Lincoln Bedroom Club.It was reported today, true story, that President Clinton spent over $1 million in 1996 entertaining guests.  Can you believe that?  Thats right.  In his defense, the President said, Hey, the foods not cheap at Hooters.Earlier today, the scientist who successfully cloned a sheep met with politicians in Washington.  Historic event.  Yeah, and meanwhile, Ted Kennedy met with the sheep.It was reported today that a woman in Brazil has proof that shes 126 years old.  Isnt that amazing -- yeah, not only that, she says when she was a kid, sleeping in the Lincoln Bedroom cost a quarter.President Clintons fine, now.  Hes fine now, but earlier this morning he fell and had to have surgery on his knee.  Yeah, the President has asked Americans instead of sending flower, please make illegal campaign contributions.The White House has rearranged the location of furniture to make it easier for President Clinton to get around in a wheelchair. ...  Yeah, apparently the biggest change was moving the Fry Daddy to the second floor.President Clintons doctors, they say that the painkillers hes on dont affect his alertness.  They assured us. However, just to be safe, the President will not be allowed to operate any heavy machinery -- or Al Gore.The big news is still President Clintons knee. Thats the big news still. ...  President Clinton said that since his accident his two biggest concerns are fitting into his pants and maneuvering in the bathtub.  Seriously.  So basically the same problems before he had his accident.I dont know if you heard this.  This weekend, Vice President Al Gore is leaving for an eight-day trip to China.  Thats right.  Yeah, apparently when the contributions are large enough, Gore makes house calls.Of course, the President, he hurt his knee.  Hes been laid up.  Well, this is in the news.  Because President Clinton is temporarily in a wheelchair, hes had a custom- made van built.  Seriously.  Yeah.  Thats right.  It has bulletproof windows, a telephone and a bumper sticker that says, If this vans a rockin, dont bother knockin.Former presidential adviser Dick Morris, you all remember him.  Hes joined a 12- step program for sex addicts.  Thats true.  Yeah, Morris said, These days, its the only way I can get access to President Clinton.Ted Kennedys nephew Michael allegedly had a five-year affair with a teenage babysitter. ...  And when asked about it, Michael Kennedy said, I didnt want to be involved in a sex scandal, but it was my turn.Earlier today -- this is interesting -- Chelsea Clinton, she made her decision.  She announced that next year shes going to attend Stanford University in California.  Its true, yeah.  She said, Im looking forward to starting college and getting away from the frat house atmosphere of home.Im gonna show a series of successive patterns, and Andy and people at home, you try and figure out what the pattern is, okay? ...  A few dollars.  A ponytail.  A Kennedy: these are all increasingly likely to be found on a baby-sitter.We start with a dog.  A dodo bird.  A triceratops.  Blue-green algae: these are more and more likely to have been Bob Doles first pet.A house in the suburbs.  A posh hotel.  A 40-foot yacht.  A state penitentiary: thats right, these are increasingly likely places for Bill Clinton to visit an old friend.One of Ted Kennedys nephews announced hes running for mayor of Miami Beach.  Thats right.  Yeah, in fact, he spent the whole day shaking hands and kissing babysitters.This is a big story in politics.  In a speech yesterday, President Clinton said that FDR was the greatest leader of this century.  Yeah. Then he added -- with the possible exception of Hugh Hefner.On the subject of men behaving badly, Michael Kennedy, you know hes the one that had the affair with the baby-sitter.  He and his wife announced theyre getting back together.  Isnt that nice?  Nice, yeah.  They also announced they wont be going out much.(Looking into the future to the year 2000): Bob Barker will again rise to national prominence, this time for his campaign to spade and neuter the Kennedys.This week, Charlton Heston was voted Vice President of the National Rifle Association.  Thats right. Yeah, and afterwards -- afterwards, he told reporters, Im so excited I could shoot all of you in the head.Britains new Parliament is planning on introducing a bill that would ban all guns. ...  Now opponents say theyre against the bill because it would prevent Prince Charles from having a hunting accident.It said this in USA Today: More people than ever are seeking treatment for sex addiction.  Thats true.  Yeah, and the article says, You may be a sex addict if you constantly need sex, constantly think about sex, or if your last name rhymes with Schmennedy.George magazine printed a list of the countrys 20 most fascinating political men.  And President Clinton was not on it.  Thats true.  Yeah.  The weird part is Janet Reno was. It was reported today that years ago, Roger Clinton fathered an illegitimate child and that he owes the mother $78,000.  Thats true.  Yeah, and after hearing this, President Clinton said, Hes always been very competitive with me.This is historic.  This weekend, 94-year-old Senator Strom Thurmond becomes the longest-serving member of Congress.  Isnt that something?  Thats right, yeah.  And during todays session, the Senate marked the event by waking him up. A new poll shows that President Clintons approval rating has not been affected by the Paula Jones case.  Thats true.  Thats true.  Yeah.  This was a poll conducted by Frank Gifford, Die Murphy and Marv Albert.Paula Jones lawyers say that if the case goes to trial, they may bring up President Clintons sexual history.  Thats true.  Yeah, and in a related story, President Clinton said that sexual history was his favorite subject in school.  He got an A-minus, I think.  Which is good.Gennifer Flowers said that she doubts Paula Jones claim that the President sexually harassed her.  Yeah.  After hearing this, the President said, Now, if only I could get more women Ive had affairs with to come forward, wed have a really good (case.)Congressman Joe Kennedy apologized for the recent scandals involving himself and members of his family.  Thats right.  Yeah, then he said, And Id like to apologize in advance for our upcoming scandals.In a CNN poll...64% of Americans said that President Clinton will be remembered most for his controversies.  Thats right.  And the other 36% said hell be remembered most for the distinguishing marks on his genitalia.Michael Kennedy insisted he didnt have sex with his babysitter when she was under age.  Thats right, yeah.  Yeah, he said hes positive, because he checked her fake ID.What is the connection between the runway at Djakarta International Airport; a busy intersection in Sumatra; a winding mountain road in Borneo; and the Lincoln Bedroom? ...  These are increasingly likely places for a rich Indonesian to crash.President Clinton is considering apologizing for slavery.  Thats right.  Thats true.  Yeah.  But he said he wants to do it in a way that wont offend slave owners.Martin Lawrence is in trouble for taking a 16-year-old girl with him to a villa in Jamaica. ..  .  Yeah, and as a result, officials may charge him with impersonating a Kennedy.NASA is actually thinking about sending 76-year-old former astronaut John Glenn back into space.  Thats true.  Yeah.  And Glenn says if he goes, his first words will be, One small step for man, one broken hip for mankind.Last night, the A&E network aired a new biography of Vice President Gore.  Thats right.  Apparently, it went all the way back to when he was carved from a log.The Supreme Court ruled in favor of pornography on the Internet.  Yeah, then, after the ruling, there was an awkward moment when Clarence Thomas started high-fiving everybody. A new poll shows that 64% of Americans dont care about Paula Jones sexual harassment case against President Clinton. ...  Well, it turns out that most Americans are more concerned about their own sexual harassment case against President Clinton.It was reported that...Chelsea Clinton has a boyfriend.  Yeah, and it was also reported that when he takes her out, Secret Service agents make sure he doesnt try anything Bill Clinton-ish because they want to make sure that everythings okay.President Clinton held a meeting yesterday to come up with a way to protect children from Internet pornography.  Thats true.  Yeah, the President said, Kids shouldnt see the kind of things that I like to watch.According to a new poll in George magazine...10% of Americans believe Elvis is still alive.  And more shocking than that, 30% of Americans believe Al Gore is still alive.According to columnist Miss Manners...during the last election, apparently politicians were more polite than usual.  I dont know if anybody noticed, but apparently they were more polite.  Yeah.  In fact, a lot of them made it a point to refer to their opponent as Mr. Scumbag.The other day, ladies and gentlemen, Congressman Joe Kennedy and his son had a minor mishap with some illegal fireworks.  Thats true.  And when asked about it, Kennedy said, Were trying to find alternatives to alcohol and underage women. President Clinton and Boris Yeltsin announced that they are going to meet next year, but they havent agreed on a location yet.  Its a big story.  Yeah, however, folks, they have narrowed it down to two different Hooters.President Clinton, this is a quote, he said that he loved the movie Air Force One, but he said its not very realistic. ...  For example in the movie, the vice president is a woman, not an android.Yesterday -- this is a huge story -- Paula Jones lawyer subpoenaed a woman he says that President Clinton once propositioned in the White House.  Can you believe that?  Yeah.  And the weird thing is, its Hillary.Yesterday, this really happened.  A computer malfunctioned and caused 100,000 beepers across the country to go off every few seconds for a half hour.  Thats right.  It caused a lot of problems.  In Washington, call girls thought Dick Morris was back in town.Theres a bill in Congress right now -- true story -- that would ban the sale and manufacture of cheap handguns.  Thats right.  Yeah, the bills sponsor explained Americans deserve to be killed with quality weapons.According to an article in Vanity Fair, New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is having an affair.  ...  Yeah, and when asked about it, Giuliani said, What can I say?  Im trying to look more presidential.When President Clinton travels, he uses two identical limos, so that people dont know which one hes in. ...  I thought that was pretty cool.  And apparently, theyre exactly the same, right down to the bumper sticker that says No fat chicks.A new study shows that some men suffer attacks of amnesia during and after sex.  Thats right.  And apparently, they forget little things, like theyre married and theyre the president.In Nebraska, a man was arrested for driving 107 miles an hour while making a pizza delivery.  Thats right, yeah.  And then he was immediately pardoned by President Clinton -- who just said he likes to eat.In the current issue of George magazine, JFK Jr. writes an editorial documenting the bad behavior of his cousins.  Its very controversial, thats right.  Yeah, and as a result, this months issue is 400,000 pages long.President Clinton said that hes seen the western High Noon 20 times.  Thats right.  Yeah, and in fact, he said the only western hes seen more is Debbie Does Dallas.Vice President Gore is refusing to tell the press where hes spending his two-week vacation.  Thats right, yeah.  And on the other hand, no one cares. Today is President Clintons birthday.  Isnt that nice? ...  Its like any other day for him.  He opened his gifts, and then the Republicans made him give them back.Newt Gingrich said he recently lost 35 pounds by staying away from pizza.  Thats a true story.  Yeah.  And in a related story, Dominos filed for bankruptcy.Chelsea Clinton left her parents on Marthas Vineyard and returned to Washington to spend time with her friends. Isnt that nice?  Yeah.  And in a related story, tomorrow night, theres a big kegger at the White House.Yesterday, Congressman Joe Kennedy apologized for the recent scandals involving himself and members of his family.  Yeah, then he said, And Id like to apologize in advance for our upcoming scandals.Speaking of scandals, in a CNN poll...64% of Americans polled said President Clinton will be remembered most for his controversies.  Thats right.  And the other 36% said hell be remembered most for the distinguishing marks on his genitalia.Yesterday an intruder was caught trying to sneak into the White House.  Thats true.  Yeah, and apparently he got caught because it was right at the same time President Clinton was trying to sneak out.According to a new poll, 64% of Americans think Vice President Al Gore is honest and trustworthy. ...  Yeah.  And I guess, here this, this is the better part. Yeah, the other, the other 36% think Al Gore is stuffed and mounted.(In the year 2000) To simplify police work, a new Federal law will require all known sex offenders to change their name to Kennedy.(In the year 2000) A retired President Clinton will write his memoirs and be sued for plagiarism by Wilt Chamberlain.Next week, Chelsea Clinton is going to leave the White House and move into a dorm room at Stanford University.  Thats true.  Yeah...Chelsea said, I cant wait to meet my new roommate.  I just hope its not another Asian businessman.A former White House chef is claiming that he was fired because hes French and overweight.  Thats a true story.  Thats right. ... Yeah, he says the President told him, Theres only room for one horny fat guy around here. And I want to start off the show by talking about -- its all over the papers -- the Paula Jones thing.  This thing is getting more and more complicated. .. .  Paula Jones lawyer asked President Clinton if he and Paula Jones were, in fact, alone in a hotel room together. ...  And, surprisingly, President Clinton said, No, Frank Gifford was there, too.Yesterday, Paula Jones lawyers...requested -- and Im not kidding -- a photograph of President Clintons genitals. ...  Yeah, and today, President Clinton said, Cant they just use my yearbook picture?The television trade papers...say that the people who own Baywatch... are trying to sell the show for $500 million.  True story.  Thats right. Yeah, which explains why President Clinton has been having all those fundraisers lately.Chelsea Clinton moved into her college dorm.  Thats true.  Thats right.  Yeah, thats true.  And she said, Its sort of like the White House, except here people smoke a lot less pot.Some incoming freshmen at Stanford University, where shes going to school, are worried that Chelsea Clinton is going to put a damper on campus parties.  Thats true.  Thats right.  And in response Chelsea said, Thats ridiculous.  After all, I am a Clinton.  I mean -- Have I learned nothing? A new poll shows that 64% of Americans dont care about Paula Jones sexual harassment case against President Clinton.  Thats true.  Well, it turns out that most Americans are more concerned about their own sexual harassment case against President Clinton.President Clinton apparently told reporters that he and Hillary have yet to call Chelsea at school.  Thats true.  They have not called her yet.  Yeah, on the other hand, Al Gore called Chelsea; asked for a $25,000 donation.Its reported that Hillary Clintons eyesight is so bad, she often wears contact lenses and glasses at the same time.  Thats true.  Yeah.  And meanwhile, President Clintons eyesight is so bad, that he once invited Paula Jones up to his hotel room.President Clinton is going to attend his high school reunion.  This should be interesting.  Thats right, yeah.  And the reunion coordinator said, The President wont have to wear a name tag, because we all know him by his distinguishing characteristic. President Clinton met with the executives from the Big Three automakers -- big story, yeah.  The President urged them to build cars that burn less fuel and have much bigger backseats.This morning, President Clinton had his annual physical at Bethesda Naval Hospital.  Thats true.  Yeah, and the President said he looks forward to his physical because its the one day he can drop his pants without getting sued.President Clinton, folks, you probably read about this, is getting a hearing aid because hes been complaining that he cant hear certain words in a crowded room.  Thats true.  Yeah, specifically he cant hear the words, Pull your pants up, sir, youre in a crowded room.After examining President Clinton, doctors have decided that he should start wearing a hearing aid.  Big story, yeah.  And after examining pictures of Paula Jones, they decided that he should get new glasses.A New Jersey model is suing a photographer because she claims he secretly made a videotape while she was changing clothes. ...  And the odd part is, in the middle of the video, President Clinton shows up with coffee.Yesterday, Al Gore praised the show Ellen for having an openly lesbian character.  Big deal. Yeah, and meanwhile, meanwhile, President Clinton criticized the sitcom for never showing anything.I got the latest out of Washington. ...  Yesterday -- this is a huge story -- yesterday, Paula Jones lawyer subpoenaed a woman he says that President Clinton once propositioned in the White House.  Can you believe that?  Yeah.  And the weird thing is, its Hillary. Chinas President, Jiang Zemin, is going to be meeting with President Clinton at the White House.  This is a big deal.  Thats right.  Thats right, and when asked why hes meeting the President, he said, Every now and then, I like to check in on my employees.A woman who is one of President Clintons childhood friends is going to testify about the distinguishing characteristic on his genitals. ...  Yeah, and the woman said, I saw his genitals, cause once, when we were kids, we played President.In a recent survey about how often people have sex, this is true, the US ranked second in the world.  Thats true.  Thats right.  Yeah.  And after hearing this, President Clinton said, I wont rest until were number one.The big news out of Washington: The committee investigating campaign finance abuses now says they want access to a minute-by-minute diary of President Clintons actions. Thats right.  Yeah, and after hearing this, Hillary said, Hey, Id like to see that, too, if its okay.For his annual Halloween party... Al Gore went as a werewolf.  Thats right.  Yeah, and President Clinton went as a warehouse.Were having our mayoral election, and I have the latest actually. ...  So far, 52% voted for Mayor Giuliani.  29% voted for Ruth Messinger.  And 19% used the voting booth as a port-a-potty.It was reported today that Al Gore has recently lost approximately 20 pounds.  Isnt that cool?  Yeah, and when asked how...Gore explained, I had an oil leak. ...  Cause hes kinda like a robot.Dan Quayle says that he hasnt decided whether or not hell run for president in the year 2000.  Thats true.  Yeah.  He said, After all, thats still eight years away. So, hell be fine.  He has time to mull it over.Paula Jones testified against President Clinton for eight hours.  Thats true, thats right.  This is historic.  Its the first time someones testified against a sitting President.  And its the first time a state employees put in an eight-hour day.A kind of a scandal going on.  A House panels looking into charges that President Clinton allowed a big campaign donor to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery even though he wasnt eligible.  Thats right.  And when asked the comment, the President said, I had no choice.  I already sold all the plots in the Rose Garden.Yesterday -- its kind of a big story -- one of Ted Kennedys nephews announced hes running for mayor of Miami Beach.  Thats right.  Yeah, in fact, he spent the whole day shaking hands and kissing babysitters.In a recent interview, Bob Barker...said that President Clinton should have his new pet dog neutered.  Thats right, yeah.  Then Barker said, Its probably not a bad idea for President Clinton either.President Clinton adopted a 3-month-old puppy this week. ...  Apparently, hes already used the excuse, My dog ate my Whitewater documents.Yesterday, President Clinton visited New York and raised over $2 million for the Democratic Party.  Thats true.  I figure, thats a lot of money.  $2 Million.  Yeah.  Well, actually, it was $2 million, minus the tokens for Peep World. It was in the newspaper today, after taking surveys on what to name President Clintons dog, the most popular suggestions are Brownie, Fudge and Big Mac. Thats true.  Thats true.  Yeah, unfortunately, these names have been rejected for fear that President Clinton might eat the dog.Yesterday, the body of the disgraced former Ambassador, Larry Lawrence, who lied about his war record -- youve heard about this guy.  He was dug up from Arlington Cemetery and flown to San Diego.  But on the bright side, he earned over 3,000 frequent flyer miles.During todays White House news conference, did you hear this?  President Clinton denied that hes a lame duck president.  Thats right.  Yeah, then he demonstrated how his new dog can catch a frisbee.It was reported today that the Presidents dog has been in the White House for four days now and hes yet to soil the carpet or ruin any furniture. ...  Yeah, unlike Roger Clinton. Due to the Iraqi threat, US military personnel will be vaccinated for anthrax.  Thats right.  And when asked if there are any potential side effects, a spokesperson for the military said, Moo. Yesterday, President Clinton told reporters that he takes his new dog for several walks a day.  Thats what he said.  Yeah.  Thats right, yeah, he went on to say, That excuse should work with Hillary for at least another month.President Clinton is getting a treadmill for the White House.  Thats true.  Yeah, apparently, hes going to put food on it and use it as a conveyor belt, you see. Fidel Castro announced that Cuba is going to recognize Christmas. Isnt that cool? ...  And unfortunately, Castro also said, if Santa enters Cuban airspace, theyll shoot down his sleigh.The new issue of People magazine has a list of the most intriguing people of the year, which includes President Clinton, Ellen Degeneres, and Dolly, the cloned sheep. ... Yeah, which coincidentally happens to be President Clintons ideal threesome.Boris Yeltsin announced yesterday hes going to take an unscheduled vacation. Thats what he said, yeah.  And its unclear if hes going to travel outside the country, or if hes just going to black out for several hours.Theres a lot of controversy going on...about a vacation photo that was printed of President Clinton and Hillary dancing in their bathing suits.  Thats right.  Everyones talking about it.  Now some people think it violates the First Familys right to privacy, and others think it violates our rights to never see the President and Hillary in their bathing suits.The Presidents pets are in the news. ...  All right, on the White House lawn yesterday, Socks the cat slapped Buddy the dog because he was getting too close.  Thats right.  And just after the fight, President Clinton said, Isnt it amazing how they imitate human behavior?Sam Donaldsons in the news.  He announced yesterday hes gonna go back to his old job as chief White House correspondent.  Thats right.  At a press conference, Donaldson said, Im gonna cover the President like that thing I wear covers my head.Early today, Janet Reno announced she turned down a role on the new sitcom, Dharma and Greg. Yeah, mainly because they wanted her to play Greg.And the big story here in New York.  The President was here last night, anybody see him? You saw him around?  Hanging out (at) McDonalds? Last night, President Clinton went to a fundraiser here in New York City attended by Christie Brinkley and Uma Thurman.  Thats right, yeah.  And when asked about it, the President said, I dont know what we were raising money for, but who the hell cares?A female rights group is lobbying Congress to try to get women paid for doing housework. Thats what theyre doing.  Yeah.  Thats true.  Yeah, and in a related story, a mens group is trying to get paid for sitting on their asses and watching football.All day long, all theyve been talking about on television is the latest sex scandal in the White House. ...  This latest one, man, probably the most shocking one yet. President Clinton is now being accused of having sex with a 22-year-old White House intern.  And I got to point this out.  In response, the President said, Thats ridiculous.  If I couldnt score with Paula Jones, how could I get a 22-year-old intern?Of course, everyone is talking, ladies and gentlemen, about the three new names in Washington this week -- Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp, and President Gore.  Its just on everyones list.Theyre still trying to have business as usual, though. President Clinton, I dont know if you saw this, but he met with PLO leader Yasser Arafat today.  Thats right.  Afterwards, the President said the meeting went well, and that they did not have sex.But on Sunday -- as is traditional -- the team that wins the Super Bowl is going to get a phone call from President Clinton.  Thats true.  Yeah, then the cheerleaders will be subpoenaed by Kenneth Starr.Yesterday President Clinton told the men and women in his Cabinet that he is innocent of the sex charges against him. Thats right.  Unfortunately, his credibility was hurt by the fact that they were all in a hot tub at the time.On secretly recorded tapes, Monica Lewinsky says that President Clinton gave her several gifts, including a dress.  Thats right.  And in response, the President said, I wasnt giving her the dress, I was just returning it.President Clinton gave his State of the Union address, which was big.  He reminded Americans that the economy is strong, crime is down, and oral sex is not adultery.President Clinton was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.  Thats true.  Thats right, yeah.  It was a little story on page 32 right after the interview with Monica Lewinskys third grade teacher.According to CBS News, this is the latest...a few weeks ago, Monica Lewinsky threw a screaming fit outside the White House because they wouldnt let her in.  Thats right.  Which is really strange, cause next week the same thing could happen to President Clinton.Did you see the State of the Union address, though?  It was very long, by State of the Union address standards.  It lasted 71 minutes.  Can you believe that?  Yeah, and I think the Presidents plan was to try and make it last for three years.The President, very successful, people said he did a good job last night.  And today, earlier today, President Clinton visited the University of Illinois.  Thats what he did.  Yeah, apparently, its just another stop on his annual intern talent search. Yesterday, Kenneth Starr denied Hillary Clintons accusation that this whole sex scandal is part of the right-wing conspiracy.  Thats right.  Starr said thats not true, (adding,) Its more of a witch-hunt, you see.On the Today Show yesterday morning, Hillary Clinton said she didnt know anything about the scandal until she woke up last Wednesday morning.  Yeah, and then she rolled over and found Monica Lewinsky next to her.  Thats when she knew, you see.No, this is very strange news, but according to a brand new poll that was just taken, President Clintons approval rating is now at 67%, which is his highest ever.  Thats true. Thats true.  Thats right.  In fact, folks, the only man in America with a higher approval rating is Hugh Hefner.The Washington Post reported that Monica Lewinsky told a coworker she wanted to have sex with President Clinton on his Oval Office desk.  Yeah, and luckily, she couldnt do it because that requires a $25,000 campaign contribution.A former coworker of Monica Lewinskys says Monica often commented about how sexy Al Gore was.  Yeah, thats true.  Yeah.  Yeah.  So now we know shes attracted to anything that does and doesnt move.In a new statement -- this is the latest -- Linda Tripp said she overheard Monica Lewinsky and President Clinton arguing over the phone.  Thats right.  Yeah, apparently they were arguing over which of them hated Linda Tripp more.Its been reported that immunity talks for Monica Lewinsky have broken down, because she refused to say that President Clinton told her to lie.  Yeah.  On the other hand, she is willing to say he told her to bark like a dog.Believe it or not, in the past two weeks, President Clintons approval rating has gone up 13 points. Hes more popular than ever.  Thats true.  The most popular hes ever been. Thats right.  So today, Al Gore announced hes going to kick off his presidential campaign by sleeping with an intern to kind of get things started.Jimmy Carter was hospitalized...for treatment of a mysterious rash.  Thats true.  Yeah, and Carter said the mysterious part is why he has the rash and not President Clinton.According to the New York Times, Kenneth Starr and his team are now examining the White House logs to see how many times Monica Lewinsky visited.  Thats right.  And in response, when he heard about it, President Clinton said, Come on, this whole thing started with someone examining my White House log.According to new reports, Monica Lewinsky visited the White House 37 times after her internship ended.  Thats right, 37 times.  And when asked about it, the President said, 37 times?  Wow, thats pretty good for a 50-year-old guy.I dont know if you saw this, an item in President Clintons new budget that he unveiled would prevent people from going nude at a Federal beach in Florida.  Yeah, however, from now on, nudity will be allowed at the White House on casual Fridays.I was reading in the paper today, Americans are going to be able to watch 128 hours of winter Olympic coverage on CBS.  Thats the case, yeah. However, CBS announced they will have to interrupt the coverage if Monica Lewinsky gets a new haircut.This whole scandal, of course, everyones talking about it.  They had a big state dinner.  And Barbra Streisand was there, and she defended President Clinton by saying, We elected him President, not Pope. Yeah, thats what she said, which is a real shame, cause if President Clinton were Pope, he could annul his marriage.There are new allegations that everyones talking about, like, today that Monica Lewinsky was with President Clinton on that trip to Florida when he hurt his knee.  Thats right.  And when asked to comment, Lewinsky said, You think he hurt his knee.This is exciting if you like movies, if you follow this stuff.  The Oscar nominations were announced today.  Thats right.  Yeah, well, they werent actually announced, they were just leaked to the press by Kenneth Starr.This is historic -- Boris Yeltsin met with Pope John Paul II -- something very cool.  And reportedly, their meeting got off to an awkward start when Yeltsin said, You know, sometimes when I drink, I put on a funny hat, too.A retired Secret Service agent now says President Clinton and Monica Lewinsky were once alone in the Oval Office for 40 minutes.  Thats true.  Yeah, and when asked about it, the President said, Thats ridiculous.  What would we have been doing for the other 37 minutes?Next fall, Kenneth Starrs daughter is going to attend Stanford University with Chelsea Clinton.  Thats right.  Yeah, not only that, but Starrs daughter has already accused Chelsea of having an illegal hot plate in her dorm room.A new study out shows that 40% of workplace romances lead to marriage.  Isnt that nice?  Yeah, apparently, the other 60% lead to impeachment.According to Republican Senator Arlen Specter, the American public believes Kenneth Starr is out to get President Clinton.  Thats what he said. ...  And in response, Kenneth Starr said, Thats ridiculous.  I have no personal animosity towards that fat, horny pig.According to Newsweek, Monica Lewinsky once waited in President Clintons private study while he met with the President of Mexico so they could have sex afterwards. ...  Yeah, and when asked to comment, the Mexican President said, Now I know why our meeting lasted 11 seconds.(In the year 2000) Jesus will return to earth, supposedly to help us begin a new era of peace and spiritual awakening.  In reality, however, hell spend most of his time golfing with Vernon Jordan.(In the year 2000) An aging and senile ex- President Clinton will legally change his name to Bubba-wanna- burger-chief-booty- knocker.(In the year 2000) A desperate, sex- starved Monica Lewinsky will be spotted licking rocks at the base of Mt. Rushmore.A radio station in Cincinnati is offering $1 million to any woman who can prove shes had sex with President Clinton.  $1 Million.  Yeah, and the weird thing is, due to rising legal bills, Hillary showed up to collect.Kenneth Starrs grand jury heard testimony from one of President Clintons closest confidants, or in other words, Charlie Sheen.This Iraq things getting weird -- last night, Paul Newman told reporters he doesnt think we should bomb Iraq; doesnt think we should do it.  Yeah, but if we do bomb Iraq, he recommends using Newmans Own missiles, the missiles with his face on them.  Theyre homemade.Monica Lewinskys lawyer says that the so-called dress that President Clinton gave Monica is actually a T-shirt.  Yeah, which makes sense, cause on the front, it says, I slept with the President and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.Over the weekend, did you hear about this? President Clinton was heckled by anti-war protesters.  Thats right, yeah. And apparently, when they began chanting, Make love, not war, the President said, I already tried that. Monica Lewinskys lawyer says that in order to pay her legal bills, Monica may have to write a book.  Yeah, true.  Apparently shes going to call it Oral Sex for Dummies.President Clinton and Hillary are spending the weekend in Utah.  Isnt that nice? ...  And when they arrived this morning, the President said, Now, whats the deal with this two wives thing?Hillary Clinton visited a Maryland day care center and read to children.  Very sweet.  Yeah, reportedly she read them the story of The Three Little Pigs and the Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy. President Clinton admitted under oath that Monica Lewinsky once delivered a pizza to him in his private study.  He said that.  Yeah.  Yeah, he said, Now thats my idea of a threesome.The White House is claiming that President Clinton and Monica Lewinsky did have a physical relationship, but it involved only kissing.  Thats true.  Yeah, yeah things would have gone further, but he had football practice, and she had a paper to write.  So it got in the way.The White House announced that theyve decided to have Buddy, the dog, neutered.  Thats right.  Yeah, the White House made the decision after finding Buddy alone in the Oval Office with an intern.The other day, while trying to get away from reporters questioning him about his sex scandal, President Clinton walked into a flag pole.  He did that.  Thats right, and then he spent the rest of the day reading up on Freudian symbolism.In a recent interview, possible presidential candidate, Dan Quayle, you all remember him, Dan Quayle.  Dan Quayle says that hes never cheated on his wife.  Thats right.  Yeah, he said, the problem is his pickup line -- Hi, Im Dan Quayle. In a recent interview, Greg Norman said that Tiger Woods would be a better golfer if he didnt swing so hard.  Yeah, and he also said that Clinton would be a better President if he didnt swing so hard.The editor of an Iranian magazine has been suspended because he published photos of Monica Lewinsky without a veil. ...  Yeah, and meanwhile, an editor here in the US was suspended because he published a picture of Linda Tripp without a veil.Ladies and gentlemen, today the movie Primary Colors comes out.  A lot of people talking about this film.  Its actually the first movie made about President Clinton since The Full Monty.Well, yesterday, Kathleen Willeys lawyer said she did not try to sell her story to a tabloid.  Thats right.  The lawyer might be lying, though, cause now Kathleen Willeys claiming she was groped by Sasquatch.Today is Al Gores birthday.  Isnt that nice?  Al Gores birthday.  Thats right.  Yeah, apparently, Gores friends surprised him by jumping out from behind the furniture.  Then he surprised them by reacting.This afternoon, an Arkansas judge threw out the Paula Jones case.  Thats it.  Its done.  Threw it out. ...  Yeah, and after hearing about it, President Clinton said, I havent been this excited since I exposed myself to Paula Jones.Madonna really did say that, though.  It was in the newspaper that she has a new boyfriend.  Shes not going to release his name, though, because she doesnt want the press to bother this guy.  And after hearing this, President Clinton said, Thank you. Paula Jones spokeswoman says that the judges ruling to throw out the case means its open season for groping and grabbing women in this country.  Thats what she said, thats right.  Yeah, and after hearing this, President Clinton said, Thats not true.  Groping and grabbing season doesnt start till June.Yesterday, President Clinton spoke privately with Boris Yeltsin for 30 minutes on the phone.  Thats right.  And afterwards, Clinton said, Put it this way, hes no Monica Lewinsky.Kenneth Starr is now claiming...that President Clinton may have made frequent calls to Monica Lewinskys beeper.  Thats what he said.  Yeah, and President Clinton said, Its not what you think.  She was just selling me crack.Yesterday was the traditional Easter egg roll on the White House lawn.  Isnt that nice?  Yeah.  Yeah, its a tradition, and afterwards, President Clinton said, No one enjoys rolling around on the White House lawn more than me. Yesterday, at the Johnson Space Center, President Clinton told a female astronaut she has nice muscles and that she looks great in her spacesuit. Thats true.  Yeah, its right.  Yeah, and then they began the countdown to her sexual harassment case.Yesterday, this is a true story, to ease the stress of last-minute tax filers, New Yorks main post office had Playboy playmates licking customers stamps.  Its true. They were licking the stamps.  And in a related story, President Clinton was spotted last night dressed as a stamp.Yesterday, in South America, because hes traveling down there -- a reporter gave President Clinton a copy of the famous sex manual, the Kama Sutra.  He handed this to the President, and the President took it, and after reading it, the President said, And I thought Primary Colors was about me.Linda Tripp is in the news again. ...  Shes about to launch a new Web site that will ask for donations to her legal fund. Thats right.  Yeah, and the best part -- her Web site doesnt have any nude photos.Yesterday, Congress returned from their... two-week spring break.  Did you know that?  Thats right, they are back from their spring break.  And it was obvious because Ted Kennedy bragged all day about winning the wet T-shirt contest.Yesterday, Hillary Clinton attended a poetry competition at a Washington high school.  Isnt that interesting?  Thats right, yeah.  And she agreed to go after aides assured her that nothing rhymes with Lewinsky.Over the weekend, Hillary Clinton testified before Kenneth Starr for the sixth time.  Did you hear that? Thats right.  And reportedly this time, she broke down and admitted having a sexual relationship with President Clinton.Former President George Bush is about to release a new book.  True story.  Yeah, its tentatively titled, I Never Received Oral Sex From An Intern.Who saw the President today on TV? ...  You missed this?  He was on Jerry Springer, seriously.  He hit Jerry with a chair.The President was on TV today, folks.  Earlier today, big story, President Clinton held his first formal press conference of the year.  Thats right, yeah.  And you could tell it was formal cause the President was wearing pants.During her recent testimony, Hillary Clinton refused to answer any questions about her private conversations with President Clinton.  Thats right.  Yeah, Hillary said, Its no ones business what we talk about while Im punching him in the head.Big news about the First Family.  It was reported, ladies and gentlemen, that Chelsea Clintons new boyfriend is a junior at Stanford University.  Isnt that something?  Yeah, and when President Clinton found this out, he said, Thats a coincidence, Im dating a junior, too.Yesterday, big story yesterday, 80-year-old Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia became the first senator to cast 15,000 votes. Thats pretty impressive, yeah.  Unfortunately, his last 200 votes were for more applesauce in the Senate cafeteria.Apparently, President Clinton told reporters at this press conference that they shouldnt compare him Richard Nixon. Thats what he said.  Yeah, the President said Believe me, I get a lot more action than Nixon ever did.Bob Dole told Larry King that he took part in a test study of Viagra. ...  Bob Dole says he took part in a test study of Viagra and that, Its a great drug. Thats what he said.  Then, it got a little awkward when Dole asked King to check out his package.This was very strange.  There were reports that a partially-smoked joint was found in the ladies room of the building where Kenneth Starrs grand jury investigation is taking place.  Did you hear about this?  Thats right.  And as a result today, Starr subpoenaed three toilets and a sink.The Post Office says theyre raising the price of stamps by one cent because they need to upgrade their equipment.  Thats right.  Yeah, apparently, they are going from semiautomatic to Uzis.The White House says that while in Germany, President Clinton got a sore back from doing stretching exercises -- this is what the press release says: President Clinton got a sore back from doing stretching exercises in his hotel room. Thats what they said.  Yeah, Im not sure thats the whole story, though.  Because the President was quoted as saying, Thats the last time I try to be my own Monica Lewinsky.Big story: Russian President Boris Yeltsin is talking about running for a third time.  Thats right, yeah.  Thats right. His exact quote was, All right, one more.  Then Ive really got to go.I dont know if youve heard of this yet, folks.  But its been reported -- a story that theres been a security camera in the Oval Office for the last couple of years.  And now, Kenneth Starr is trying to subpoena past videotapes.  Thats right. Yeah, apparently, the White House is really nervous because one of the tapes shows President Clinton having sex with Jerry Springer.Yesterday, the man who recommended Monica Lewinsky for her White House internship was questioned by Kenneth Starr.  Thats right.  Starrs first question was: Could you recommend an intern for me?True story, folks.  Johnnie Cochran is back in the news. Johnnie Cochran says he turned down an offer to be Monica Lewinskys lawyer. Thats what he says.  Yeah, his exact quote was If she wears a beret, I have to say nay.A new pill is being developed thats going to make womens breasts larger.  Thats a true story.  Thats true. Thats right, folks.  Its finally being released after years of successful testing on Ted Kennedy.Its been reported, ladies and gentlemen, in the newspaper today, that President Clinton will visit the Hamptons this summer to attend a party thrown by Alec Baldwin.  Isnt that something?  Or as President Clinton calls him, That guy who gets to sleep with Kim Basinger.Yesterday, a Southern Baptist group declared that men should be the leader of the household, and women should submit to their wishes.  Thats a true story.  Yeah, the group also declared theyll be sleeping on the couch until further notice.The US Treasury has decided to put a native American woman on the front of a brand-new $1 coin.  Thats right.  Yeah, the bad news is, its the lady from the Land O Lakes box.Bob Dole lives right next door to Monica Lewinsky in a Washington, DC apartment building.  But he says he doesnt talk to her.  Thats right.  Yeah, Dole says now that hes on Viagra, he lets little Bob Dole do all his talking.The other night, during a White House state dinner, a mans pants fell down, while he was shaking hands with President Clinton.  Thats true.  That happened.  Yeah, which is really rude, because proper etiquette says you should allow the President to drop his pants first.Pat Robertson is in the news.  Pat Robertson is warning the city of Orlando and Disney World that hosting a gay tourist event could cause God to punish them with some type of a disaster.  Thats what he said, yeah. Thats right, it could lead to a hurricane, a tornado or a visit from Pat Robertson.According to the tabloid The Star...Paula Jones has decided to get a nose job.  Thats right, gonna get a nose job.  And after hearing about it, President Clinton said, Oh, sure, she says yes to a nose job!On singles cruises now, passengers are taking part in new X-rated scavenger hunts, where they have to search for underwear, bras and lingerie.  Thats right.  Yeah, its kind of like Easter at the White House.In a brand new poll that they just took, 25% of Americans said they wouldnt know Al Gore if he showed up at their front door.  Thats right, yeah, and 12% thought he was the front door.President Clinton is on his way to China.  And before he left, Clinton said that the one thing that will help the Chinese people gain freedom is access to the Internet.  Thats what he said, yeah.  And the President went on to say that freedom isnt just about religion and politics.  Its also about downloading nude pictures of Teri Hatcher.In Ontario, a high school senior whose prom date backed out on him is taking a mannequin instead.  Thats right. Yeah, and its believed hes the first person to do that since Tipper Gore.You all know President Clinton is in China.  Well, apparently, when President Clinton arrived in China, he presented their leaders with an American flag that used to fly over the Capitol building. Thats right.  Yeah, and he also presented them with a mirror that used to hang over his bed.Senator Jesse Helms announced yesterday that hes having replacement surgery on both of his knees.  Thats true, yeah.  Helms decided to replace his knees after he heard a rumor that they were gay.This is very strange. Theres a new book thats out, and its about nicknames.  And it said that some of the most popular nicknames that people use for their sexual partners are poopy, funny and silly head.  Thats right.  Yeah, yeah.  However, the most popular nickname is still Mr. President.A panel of judges ruled that Secret Service agents must testify about what happened between President Clinton and Monica Lewinsky.  Thats right.  Thats pretty bad.  Yeah, not only that, the judges ruled that the agents have to act out what they saw to porno music.(In the year 2000),  after years of subpoenas and testimony, Kenneth Starr finally releases his report to Congress.  Its conclusion, Clinton gots to have the booty.The Post Office, folks, is coming out with series of stamps commemorating memorable moments from the 1960s.  Isnt that cool?  Thats right.  The stamps include the first man on the moon, Vietnam, and President Clinton smoking a bong in his dorm room.It was reported today that Linda Tripps...legal bills are now up to $100,000.  Yeah.  Which is bad news, cause now she might have to pose nude in Playboy. Yesterday, the White House said that Kenneth Starr is throwing subpoenas at anything that moves.  Yeah, which explains why Starr hasnt subpoenaed Al Gore.Earlier today, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court ruled that having Secret Service agents testify against President Clinton will not cause irreparable harm.  Thats what he said.  After hearing this, President Clinton said, Hes obviously never met Hillary. Of course you all remember Linda Tripp.  Shes the one that ratted out Monica Lewinsky and started this whole thing.  Well, this week, Linda Tripp achieved a new softer look by getting a haircut and makeover.  It was in the news. Thats right.  Yeah.  And in a related story, President Clinton says he achieves a softer look by thinking about Linda Tripp. Yesterday, very interesting, in a speech to the American Federation of Teachers, President Clinton said that school uniforms are a good idea, because they restore discipline.  Did you know that?  Thats right.  Yeah, then he added, Plus, they look really hot. Apparently, he saw an Aerosmith video.Speaking of hot, ladies and gentlemen, Texas is suffering from their hottest summer in almost 20 years.  Thats right.  In fact, yesterday it was so hot, they forgot to execute anyone.Its been reported that over the weekend, Paula Jones got a nose job from a New York plastic surgeon.  Thats true.  Thats right. Yeah, unfortunately, they still havent found a way to transport her old nose out of the city.  Thats going to be hard.Yesterday, apparently, Hillary Clinton gave a baby shower at the White House for a former campaign worker. Isnt that nice?  Very sweet.  Yeah.  Yeah, Hillary said, It was the least I could do considering how much the baby looks like the President.Ladies and gentlemen, today, believe it or not, today is Monica Lewinskys birthday.  It is.  Isnt that nice?  Yeah.  And reportedly President Clinton showed up at her party disguised as a candle.The House of Representatives upheld President Clintons decision to renew normal trade relations with China.  Thats a true story.  Yeah.  Pretty impressive.  Yeah.  Then they immediately traded Newt Gingrich for two giant pandas.White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry announced hes quitting his job.  Thats right.  Yeah, hes being replaced by a neon sign that reads No Comment.In Hollywood, a movie is being developed based on the cartoon, Scooby Doo.  Thats right, theyre gonna make a Scooby Doo movie. Yeah.  And so far, the only information about the movie is that the character Velma will be played by Janet Reno.  She wanted Daphne, but no.Yesterday, for her 25th birthday, this was in the newspaper, Monica Lewinsky got flowers and balloons.  Isnt that nice?  Thats right. Yeah, and the guy who delivered the flowers and balloons got a tip that knocked his socks off.If youre a talk show host these days and you dont talk about President Clinton and Monica Lewinsky at the top of the show, you could be sued by the American people.  Itll be a giant class action suit.According to a brand-new poll that they just took, 66 percent of Americans think that President Clinton had an affair with Monica Lewinsky. ... And apparently, the other 34 percent think he just had an affair with her dress.Over the weekend, you know the President was out in the Hamptons just the other day.  And over the weekend in the Hamptons, a streaker was spotted running around with the words Clinton is Innocent written on his body.  Yeah, and when asked to comment, President Clinton said the hardest part was writing upside down on his own chest.Apparently, theyve just completed the first round of testing on Monica Lewinskys dress. ...  They just finished it.  Thats right.  Yeah, and get this, folks.  So far, theyve concluded that the dress is 50% rayon.Monica Lewinsky apparently wore a dark blue suit with white shoes to her grand jury testimony.  That was on the news. ...  Yeah, and she wore the white shoes because your shoes should always match the stain on your dress.Good idea.  Ken Starr, a big part of this story.  Its gotten very strange.  The other day when Kenneth Starr attended the American Bar Associations annual convention, his fellow lawyers followed him around like a rock star and hounded him for autographs.  Thats true.  Yeah, apparently, Starr got so into it, he picked two groupies out of the crowd and indicted them.Monica Lewinsky apparently wore a dark blue suit with white shoes to her grand jury testimony.  That was on the news. ...  Yeah, and she wore the white shoes because your shoes should always match the stain on your dress.Good idea.  Ken Starr, a big part of this story.  Its gotten very strange.  The other day when Kenneth Starr attended the American Bar Associations annual convention, his fellow lawyers followed him around like a rock star and hounded him for autographs.  Thats true.  Yeah, apparently, Starr got so into it, he picked two groupies out of the crowd and indicted them.Believe it or not, a man in Florida has actually offered to pay Monica Lewinsky $500,000 for her dress if it turns out to be stained by President Clinton.  Hell pay $500,000.  Yeah, and after hearing about it, the President said, Hey, this gives me a whole new way to do fundraisers.Despite his scandals and all the other troubles hes had, President Clinton has been more successful with political fundraisers than any other President in history. Isnt that amazing?  Yeah.  And, apparently, the reason President Clintons so successful is he spends a little extra time with each donor cuddling.A town in Russia...is going to start fining people for walking their dogs while drunk.  Thats true.  Yeah, but so far, folks, its still okay to get drunk and run the country.Hillary Clinton -- if you can believe this -- Hillary Clinton has been helping put the President through mock grand jury questioning.  Shes quizzing him.  Thats right, yeah, which explains why one of the mock jurors keeps asking, Did you ever love me, you cheating bastard?Sunday night, Jesse Jackson visited the White House and counseled Hillary Clinton for two hours.  Thats right.  That really happened.  Yeah, and then, afterwards, before he left, Jackson made up a rhyme about Bill Clinton and Nantucket.President Clinton  declined to answer some of the grand jurys questions about his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky.  Thats right.  And, apparently, the President responded to those questions by saying, I refuse to answer that on the grounds that I might stimulate myself.It is  President Clintons birthday today.  True story.  Thats right, yeah, and he said his birthday wish is that his wife finally realizes how funny this whole Lewinsky thing really is.Its been reported, ladies and gentlemen, that a few weeks ago, on the day that Monica Lewinsky testified, President Clinton wore a tie that she gave him to send her a secret signal.  Thats what theyre saying now.  Thats a true story.  Yeah, and President Clinton denies he was trying to send Monica a signal, but he still cant explain why he was also wearing a beret.Vice President Gore says he watched President Clintons speech and hes proud of him for having the courage to acknowledge his mistakes.  Thats right.  And Gore also said the President should stay the hell away from his daughters.Earlier today, President Clinton ordered military strikes on suspected terrorist sites in Afghanistan and Sudan.  Thats right.  Just a couple hours ago.  And afterwards, the terrorists said, If he wanted to send us a message, why didnt he just wear that special tie we gave him?Ken Starr is preparing a 300-page report thats going to include graphic descriptions of the Presidents sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky.  Its going to get very graphic.  Thats right.  Yeah, thats right.  The report will be distributed to a members of Congress and their 13-year-old sons.So, look for that.  Thats -- its in a brown wrapper, actually.Its been reported, just leaked, that an early draft of President Clintons speech contained an apology to Monica Lewinsky.  Thats right.  An apology, yeah.  And, folks, apparently an even earlier draft of the speech contained a thank you to Monica Lewinsky.On Marthas Vineyard yesterday -- this was in the newspaper -- a large crowd on land cheered as President Clinton went by on a boat. ... Yeah, mainly because they thought he was leaving the country -- a little bit of confusion.Yesterday, the Clinton family, the entire family, did spend the whole day out on a boat with Walter Cronkite.  Thats right, it was his boat and they hung out the him.  And afterwards, the First Lady admitted, It was a little odd.  Im not used to being around the most trusted man in America. Something pretty interesting happened on television tonight.  Earlier this evening on a very special episode of Nightline -- did you hear about this? Ted Koppel spent 12 hours in a Federal prison solitary confinement ward. Thats true.  Thats true, thats what he did.  Yeah, and, apparently, he was trying to simulate the conditions of President Clintons vacation.I dont know how many of you saw this, but Boris Yeltsin delivered a speech to the Russian people about their economic crisis.  Thats right, their whole economy has fallen apart.  And he went on TV and addressed all his people.  And in his speech, Yeltsin said that things have gotten so bad, not only is the ruble worthless, but theyve also run out of ice.Yesterday, the organizer of Harlems Million Youth March said that Mayor Giuliani is the devil.  They said Mayor Giuliani is the devil.  And immediately afterwards, the actual devil held a press conference and said, Oh, yeah.  Like I would have shut down New Yorks strip clubs.Yesterday, apparently, at a luncheon, the Democratic National Chairman introduced President Clinton and praised him for his moral leadership.  Thats right.  Thats right.  Then the two of them high-fived and spent the rest of the day at Hooters. Yesterday, right here in New York, President Clinton attended the broadway musical, The Lion King. Thats right yeah, and to make sure the President wasnt embarrassed by the play, the producers removed the scene with Simba, Nala and the cigar.Ladies and gentlemen, the House Judiciary Committee is considering releasing the videotaped testimony where President Clinton talks about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky. Thats right, theyre gonna release this thing.  And apparently the tape is called Too Hot for Jerry Springer.Yesterday, Monica Lewinskys rabbi, listen carefully, Monica Lewinskys rabbi lashed out at President Clinton for shaming the country and called him a boy in a mans job.  Thats right.  Thats right.  The rabbi also said hes encouraging Lewinsky to find a nice Jewish President.Finally, gotta mention this.  A public relations expert said that if Monica Lewinsky wants to put her life back together, she should get married.  Thats right. And Monica says she hasnt received any wedding proposals yet, but she has been invited to several bachelor parties.Well, yesterday, this is fascinating, Czech President Vaclav Havel and President Clinton had a joint press conference, and nine out of ten questions were about the sex scandal.  Nine out of ten.  Thats right.  As a result, folks, Havel and Clinton announced today they a going to be the new hosts of MTVs Loveline.Yesterday, Newt Gingrich told a group of Republicans that President Clinton is a woman hater.  And in response, the President said, Apparently he hasnt been paying attention. Theyre talking about releasing this videotape.  And theyre saying that the videotape of President Clintons grand jury testimony shows that he got very agitated during the four hours of questioning.  Thats right.  Yeah.  And mostly, its because thats the longest hes ever gone without oral sex.Republicans say that they decided not to release 120 sections of Ken Starrs report because they were too sexually explicit. Thats right.  Yeah.  Plus, theyre saving those parts for a pay-per-view special.Ken Starrs daughter, you probably heard this, Ken Starrs daughter is going to be a freshman at Stanford University this fall where Chelsea Clinton is already a sophomore.  Thats right.  Yeah.  Chelsea says its great to be back at school.  She can hardly wait for freshmen hazing to begin.The other day -- true story -- somebody slipped a lit fire cracker through the mail slot of Monica Lewinskys home in California.  Thats right.  Yeah.  Monica said she was shaken up, but not half as much as the time someone played a trick on her with an exploding cigar.Of course, President Clintons four-hour videotaped testimony aired on national television.  A huge event, yeah.  And when asked about it, the President said, That was the least fun I ever had talking about sex.I dont know if you know this, but here in New York City, President Clintons testimony was broadcast on the jumbo TV in Times Square.  True story.  On the jumbo TV, right here in Times Square.  Yeah, that is, until Mayor Giuliani had it closed down.Yesterday, President Clintons meeting with the prime minister of Japan was scheduled for ten minutes and it lasted two hours. True story, yeah.  Which is really interesting, because his meetings with Monica were scheduled for two hours and lasted ten minutes.Yesterday, Sammy Sosa hit home runs number 64 and number 65, which means hes once again tied with Mark McGwire.  Isnt that cool? Very cool.  Yeah, and just to keep you updated, President Clinton is still tied with Wilt Chamberlain.Monica Lewinsky had a really odd quote that just came out.  She said recently, get this, she said President Clinton has a Saturday night personality where he gives into his urges and a Sunday morning personality where he feels bad and goes to church.  That was her quote.  Yeah, and apparently he also has Wednesdays wet t- shirt night personality.And then this is the weirdest thing now, this is a very critical time for the President.  Hes trying to win back support, so yesterday President Clinton spent the entire day phoning various members of Congress to try and get their support.  Thats right.  But first -- first he had to assure them that this time that sound in the background, really was the vacuum cleaner.This week in Michigan, I dont know if you heard this, but this week in Michigan, Al Gore was accidentally introduced at a fundraiser as President Gore.  Right.  Yeah, and worse than that, President Clinton was accidentally introduced as Frank Gifford.Yesterday in Paris, thats right, in Paris, film stars from all over the world held a rally in support of President Clinton.  Did you know that?  Thats right, yeah.  Unfortunately for the President, they were all stars of porno films.Oprah Winfrey says that she turned down an interview with Monica Lewinsky because Monica got too greedy.  True story.  Yeah, apparently, the final straw was when Monica demanded an hour alone with Stedman.The President gave a speech yesterday, and he pointed out that the last time there was a budget surplus, Bonanza was the top show, and a Coke was 15 cents. ...  Then the President went a little too far by saying, Yeah, and Playboy was only 50 cents, and a peep show was a nickel.It was reported today that Linda Tripp has passed a lie detector test where she denied tampering with the Monica Lewinsky tapes.  Thats right.  And afterwards, Tripp said, Tampering with secretly recorded conversations between friends would be wrong.Transcripts released today in Washington apparently show that Monica Lewinsky once told Linda Tripp that the whole situation between her and President Clinton is too much for one person to deal with. Thats what she said. Thats right.  Yeah, which is why President Clinton encouraged her to bring a friend along.Earlier today, Hillary Clinton spoke to a group of 1,000 women and said that now is the time for women to make gains in their economic status.  Thats what she said, yeah.  Hillary said the easiest way for them to do that is to settle out of court with their husbands.Since the Clinton sex scandal erupted -- this is interesting. The percentage of people naming their daughters Monica has gone way down. True.  Thats true.  Its gone way down.  Yeah, on the other hand, thousands of men have renamed a certain sex act a Lewinsky. Yesterday a liberal group fed up with the sex scandal started airing a TV ad that shows a picture of Ken Starr and then says, Lets move on. Have you seen that ad, anybody?  Yeah, its pretty interesting.  This, of course, is not to be confused with the new White House commercial that shows a picture of President Clinton and says, Lets get it on. In three weeks, ladies and gentlemen, 77-year-old John Glenn will become the oldest person in space by 16 years.  Isnt that incredible?  Its amazing. Thats right.  Yeah, in fact, one of the other astronauts has been assigned to make sure that during the space walk Glenn doesnt wander off.President Clinton, this is true, has decided not to attend his 25th class reunion at Yale law school next week.  Hes not gonna go.  Thats right.  Yeah, when asked about it, the President said, Hey, if I wanted to be surrounded by a bunch of lawyers, Ill stay home. After Congress voted in favor of an impeachment inquiry, President Clinton said, Its up to God now. Thats what he said.  Yeah.  And in response, God released a statement saying, I did not have a spiritual relationship with that womanizer.A member of the country club where President Clinton plays golf wants to suspend the Presidents membership because of his relationship with Monica Lewinsky.  Yeah, not because it was adulterous, but because shes Jewish.Its been reported that coverage of the Monica Lewinsky scandal may actually be hurting the ratings for Monday Night Football. ...  Thats right.  True story, yeah.  And dont worry though, this should all change next week.  Because during half time, Monica Lewinskys going to get it on with Frank Gifford.It was the Clintons wedding anniversary this past weekend. Were you aware of that? Im being serious.  Thats the sad thing.  No, the White House said that because President Clinton and Hillary were going to be apart this weekend on their 23rd wedding anniversary, they celebrated it early.  Thats what they said.  Yeah, apparently they had the foresight to celebrate it in 1985.Apparently, during a fundraiser in Minneapolis, Vice President Al Gore accidentally called Minneapolis, Missouri. ...  Yeah, and after the incident, the crowd accidentally started calling Al Gore Dan Quayle.According to newly released documents, last year Kenneth Starr made $1.2 million from his legal practice, and his family assets total $4.5 million.  Isnt that incredible? And when asked about it, Starr said, Hey, cant a guy have a private life?According to the Washington Post, the other day Linda Tripp was spotted at a mall asking for advice on how she could apply her makeup better.  Thats right.  Yeah, and apparently, the salesperson thought about it for a second and then sent Tripp to the hat department. House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde said that he wants the impeachment inquiry -- he said this today -- to focus on three core charges.  Thats what he said.  And after hearing this, President Clinton asked, Hard-core or soft- core?Monica Lewinsky has told friends of hers that she wants this whole thing to be over so she can live a normal life. Thats what she said.  Reportedly, Monica said, Id just like to meet a nice, married congressman and settle down.The Nashville Network is bringing roller derby back to TV -- and it gets better, yes.  They said theyre bringing roller derby back to TV and they said that theyve already signed up 100 women.  Thats the announcement.  And in a related story today, President Clinton accepted the resignation of Janet Reno. Yesterday, Hillary Clinton attended a luncheon with 125 gay and lesbian activists.  Thats right, and Hillary said, It was fantastic.  Its the first time Ive been in a room full of people who havent had sex with my husband.Today, in Cape Canaveral, Florida, the space shuttle Discovery blasted off, taking John Glenn on his historic return to space.  And apparently, there was just one glitch.  When the countdown got to T minus 20, Glenn yelled out, Bingo.Before John Glenns historic launch in 1962 -- this is a very famous quote -- NASA said to him, Godspeed, John Glenn. That was what they said.  And they struggled with what to say this time, but finally, they came up with, Hang on to your ass, Grandpa, here we go.You know what the number one costume is this year?  I looked it up.  The number one costume this year is the President Clinton.  Thats true.  Thats the number one costume.  And this is interesting.  The number two costume is the former President Clinton.I dont know if you saw this...but President Clinton was at Cape Canaveral, and he watched the launch of the space shuttle.  He saw it.  Yeah, and out of habit, ten seconds before blastoff, Clinton started thinking about baseball.Yesterday, the Republican National Committee rejected New York as the site for its next presidential convention.  A spokesman explained by saying, We, just like any other convention, want a place with good strip bars.Paula Jones lawyers have quit, because they say she is unreasonable. After hearing this, President Clinton said, Hey, I found that out about the first time I met her. A couple thats close to the Clintons have named President Clinton the godfather of their new baby.  Isnt that nice?  The godfather of their new baby.  The President said, Im honored to be the godfather, and Im relieved Im not the father.Yesterday, Paula Jones was in New York sightseeing. Thats right.  And when asked about it, Paula said, Ive been doing a lot more sightseeing now that I got that nose out of my way. I dont know if you heard this, but the Monica Lewinsky tapes were released to the media, and it was the first time that Americans heard Monicas voice. Thats right.  It was also the first time President Clinton heard her voice.It was in the newspaper today that Monica Lewinsky has put on 50 pounds since the scandal broke.  50 pounds.  Thats right yeah, apparently, shes still getting advice from Linda Tripp.Monica Lewinsky tells Linda Tripp that shes had sex with eight men.  Thats what she told her.  Yeah, and the surprising part was, only three of them were presidents.This years list of the 10 worst holiday toys is out, and one of the items, Im not lying, is a feather boa kids can play dress-up with.  Yeah, safety experts want a tag attached to the feather boa that says, Danger, this item could cause your child to be governor of Minnesota.In a new interview, Paula Jones says that shed like to be remembered by everybody as a modern-day David who took on Goliath and won.  Thats right, yeah.  And after hearing this, President Clinton said, Thats funny, I call it Goliath, too. In his testimony before the House Judiciary Committee today, Ken Starr said that despite all thats happened, he would take the job of independent counsel all over again.  That was pretty interesting.  Yeah, mainly because this is the closest hes come to sex in years. This is pretty weird.  Two leading Democrats walked out on Ken Starr before he was halfway finished.  Thats true.  And while watching from home, Monica said, Hey, the President did the same thing to me.During an interview on Inside Edition, Paula Jones burst into tears.  True story.  Thats right.  Yeah, it was right after she found out she wasnt being paid for the interview.Tomorrow night on 20/20, Ken Starr does his first interview, and he discusses his personal feelings about extramarital sex.  And his quote was, Its almost as icky as marital sex.The White House says that the Presidents scandal has not affected the quality of applicants for White House internships. Thats right, yeah.  A spokesman for the intern program said, Were still able to find plenty of bright, motivated young people who wear thong underwear.The First Family -- I dont know if youre aware of this -- they celebrated Thanksgiving at Camp David.  Thats right.  And reportedly, there was one awkward moment during dinner when President Clinton said, You know, this is the first breast Ive touched in months.The publisher of Hustler magazine is offering to pay $1 million to anyone who can prove they had sex with a member of Congress.  Thats real.  Thats true.  Thats right.  Yeah, and since the announcement, President Clinton has collected $8 million.You all know the Presidents still in trouble, right?  Not out of the woods yet. ...  But have you noticed that celebrities are all defending the President, have you heard this?  Yeah, theyre all getting behind him.  And at a recent event, Michael Bolton actually defended the President.  He defended President Clinton, saying, To be human is to be flawed. Thats what he said.  Thats right. Yeah, and then he went on to say, And I know what Im talking about, because Im Michael Bolton. President Clinton, this is true, has decided not to attend his 25th class reunion at Yale law school next week. ...  Yeah, when asked about it, the President said, Hey, if I wanted to be surrounded by a bunch of lawyers, Ill stay home.Let us all look to the future. All the way to the year 2000. ...  In the year 2000, tired of all the infidelity, Hillary Clinton will divorce President Clinton and remarry, becoming Mrs. Charlie Sheen. ...  In the year 2000, Bill Clinton will be slapped with the most embarrassing paternity suit of all time when Monica Lewinsky gives birth to a pack of Marlboro Lights.Earlier today, President Clintons lawyers began defending President Clinton before the House impeachment committee.  They are now giving the reasons, the arguments, defending him.  And I gotta tell you, Im not sure they did much good.  Because their main argument was, Come on, she was wearing a thong.Last night at the White House, true story, President Clinton threw a Christmas party for all 535 members of Congress. Isnt that nice?  Nice christmas party.  And during the festivities several congressman told the President, This is great.  Now, we dont have to have a going away party. This week, Hillary Clinton attended a movie premiere, and she said she hasnt been in a movie theater for years.  I mean, thats the case.  Yeah, meanwhile, President Clinton said he hasnt been in a movie theater since they cleaned up Times Square.Yesterday, President Clintons defense team rested after a 10-hour session.  Yeah, thats true.  And when asked to comment, Monica Lewinsky said, Thats weird.  The President wanted to rest after a 10-minute session.A Long Island auction company, apparently, is auctioning off a love letter that Jimmy Carter wrote to one of his girlfriends over 50 years ago.  A Jimmy Carter love letter.  And apparently, Carter was quite the romantic.  He asked the girl to run off with him and build low-income housing.Big story -- this afternoon, after hours of deliberating, the House Judiciary Committee took their first vote.  True story.  And the result was 21-16 in favor of pepperoni with extra cheese.With impeachment looming, President Clinton made a big speech to the American people a few minutes after 4:00 this afternoon.  Thats right.  And the President may not have helped his own cause, because he opened the speech by saying, Sorry Im late, but I was getting some. During his speech to the American people, the President admitted to being deceitful. He admitted to being deceitful.  And the President went on to say, And just now, when I said I was deceitful, I was lying.Reporters say that Hillary was giving President Clinton the cold shoulder during their entire trip to the Middle East.  True story.  Thats right.  Yeah, you could tell that things were bad because today Arafat and Netanyahu came up and said, Come on, cant you two just get along?Earlier today, true story, President Clinton visited the site of Jesus manger in Bethlehem.  Thats what he did.  Yeah, and reportedly there was one awkward moment when the President told Betty Currie to get the wise mens gift back. Some Democrats are now proposing that along with a censure, President Clinton be fined $2 million.  Thats right.  Yeah.  $2 Million.  And after hearing this, the President said, Wait a minute, I never pay for sex.This is interesting.  According to a new survey of 2,000 women, 41% said that they would leave President Clinton once his term is up.  41% Said that.  Thats right. ...  And 28% said they are considering breaking up with him right now.You all, of course, watched President Bushs speech last night, right? . No, he spoke last night. Last night, in case you didnt see it, which is most of you -- in a primetime address, President Bush said he backed limited Federal funding for stem-cell research. Thats what he said. Its a big announcement. . The president said -- this is a quote. The president said, the research could help cure brain diseases like Alzheimers, Parkinsons and whatever it is I have.This week President Bush -- you know, hes on vacation. Well, he took time off from his vacation to do something nice in Texas. He helped build a home for Habitat for Humanity. He helped build a home for a single mom. Isnt that a nice thing to do? I thought that was very nice. . And not only that, former President Clinton offered to take the single mom out for drinks. Thats right. And then he said, cause I like the booby.Why does he say that? He shouldnt say that anymore. Thats causing trouble. He always gives a great speech, and then stops, and everyone thinks thats good, and then he goes, I like the booby. Like no! Dont do that.Fidel Castro celebrated his 75th birthday. Isnt that nice? Hes really getting up there, yeah. And you can tell that Fidel is getting old because hes thinking of retiring and moving to Florida.The Miss America pageant is considering adding an academic competition where contestants have to -- listen to this -- where contestants have to answer multiple choice questions about history. True story. Yeah, which means, folks, it may actually be harder to become Miss America than it is to become President of the US.President Bush is still on vacation. Its apparently a nine-month vacation. He wants to relax after his three months in office.While President Bush was visiting Colorado, he went on a hike through Rocky Mountain National Park at an altitude of 8,000 feet. Pretty impressive. Yeah. Apparently, the President hasnt been that high since college.Cuban President Fidel Castro celebrated his 75th birthday this week, and he had a giant party that included Elian Gonzalez. Its true. Elian was at his party. Yeah, apparently, the party went really well until Elian stole the cake and tried to sail it to Miami.Big news. Ladies and gentlemen, I dont know if you read the papers today, but President Bush is in some big trouble. Have you heard this? No, President Bush is in some big trouble. I dont know if you saw this, but The New York Times reported today that President Bushs approval rating is the worst its ever been. The worst. Yeah, when asked about it, the President said, I havent seen numbers this low since I took the SATsJanet Reno announced today shes going to run for governor of Florida in 2002. Can you believe that? Shes gonna run. Big, big, big election. Not only that, there will also be a referendum where Florida voters can vote on Renos gender.Speaking of politics, yesterday, President Bush addressed a crowd of union leaders, and he said he understands the economy is making things tough right now. Thats what he said -- he understands. In fact, the President said, I know what its like to be out of work, I was just on vacation for a month.Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina has announced hes going to retire from the US Senate in two years. Helms said he wants to retire so he can spend even more time hating gays and foreigners.Tonight, President Bush had dinner with President Vicente Fox of Mexico. Big dinner. Apparently the dinner didnt go very well, because Bush kept asking Fox why he left Spin City.Former Attorney General Janet Reno has announced that shes going to run for governor of Florida against President Bushs brother Jeb. Yeah, apparently Renos campaign slogan will be Let the best man win.According to the kitchen staff at the White House, President Bush ends most of his meals by eating a dessert of Oreo cookies. Yeah, apparently he got the idea from President Clinton, who would end each meal by having a threesome with two black women.Of course, President Bush back from his nine month vacation, I believe it was. He was at a Chuck E. Cheese the whole time.President Bush hosted his first state dinner at the White House last night. And the main entree was Maryland crabs. Thats what they served. Thats right, yeah. And reportedly, these were the first crabs at the White House since the Clinton Administration.In a new interview, Gary Condits father says that the devil is to blame for his sons problems. The devils fault is what the dad said. Yeah, and immediately afterwards, Satan denied all responsibility and called Condit a slimeball.Of course, President Bush back from his nine month vacation, I believe it was. He was at a Chuck E. Cheese the whole time.President Bush hosted his first state dinner at the White House last night. And the main entree was Maryland crabs. Thats what they served. Thats right, yeah. And reportedly, these were the first crabs at the White House since the Clinton Administration.In a new interview, Gary Condits father says that the devil is to blame for his sons problems. The devils fault is what the dad said. Yeah, and immediately afterwards, Satan denied all responsibility and called Condit a slimeball.Of course, President Bush back from his nine month vacation, I believe it was. He was at a Chuck E. Cheese the whole time.President Bush hosted his first state dinner at the White House last night. And the main entree was Maryland crabs. Thats what they served. Thats right, yeah. And reportedly, these were the first crabs at the White House since the Clinton Administration.In a new interview, Gary Condits father says that the devil is to blame for his sons problems. The devils fault is what the dad said. Yeah, and immediately afterwards, Satan denied all responsibility and called Condit a slimeball.Of course, President Bush back from his nine month vacation, I believe it was. He was at a Chuck E. Cheese the whole time.President Bush hosted his first state dinner at the White House last night. And the main entree was Maryland crabs. Thats what they served. Thats right, yeah. And reportedly, these were the first crabs at the White House since the Clinton Administration.In a new interview, Gary Condits father says that the devil is to blame for his sons problems. The devils fault is what the dad said. Yeah, and immediately afterwards, Satan denied all responsibility and called Condit a slimeball.And this is interesting -- this Sunday, the NFL seasons going to begin with a coin toss from President Bush in the Oval Office. True story. Thats what theyre gonna do. And coincidentally, its the same coin that was used to decide the presidential election.Speaking of politics -- yesterday, Hillary Clinton criticized a neighbor in Chappaqua because the neighbors son threw a party for his high school football team and hired a stripper to put on a nude sex show. But Hillary Clintons mad. Mrs. Clinton, very mad. Yeah, and President Clinton criticized the parents, too, but only cause he wasnt invited. He was mad.Yesterday, Elizabeth Dole announced that she is gonna run for Senate in North Carolina. . Shes gonna make a run. Yeah, and when asked about it, Bob Dole said, I am so excited, I dont even need one of my blue pills.Today in New York, we had the primary elections for mayor. Did you know that? We had the primary elections today, which shows that things are moving forward. I thought that was good. Yeah, and apparently, to improve their chances, all five of the candidates changed their name to Rudy Giuliani.New Yorkers are still pulling together and displaying their patriotism, which is very cool. And Ill give you -- its true. Its true, yeah. Yeah, yesterday, for example -- yesterday, when a cabbie gave me the finger, there was an American flag attached.To improve traffic problems, Mayor Giuliani announced that cars will not be allowed to drive in most of Manhattan, unless they have at least two passengers. Thats the new rule here. You know, which is gonna be tough, cause now President Clinton has to ride to work with Hillary.Its been reported.that President Bush is really upset with former President Clinton because this week, he made a high-profile appearance on NBCs Nightly News. And that bothered Bush. Yeah, and not only that, Hillary Clintons upset because he made a high-profile appearance on the new show, Love Cruise. . He was -- wearing a yellow Speedo.Today, New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani addressed the UN, and his speech was translated into over 100 different languages. Isnt that cool? I thought that was really nice. Yeah, unfortunately -- unfortunately, there is no translation for the word fuggetaboutit.Because of the recent scheduling changes that weve all experienced in this country, the NFL announced that this years Super Bowl may end up being played right here in New York. . Yeah, the Mayor, Mayor Giuliani, says he hopes we do get the Super Bowl because hes trying to get New Yorks scalpers back on their feet.It was reported today that Osama bin Laden has 50 brothers and sisters. 50 brothers and sisters. Yeah, which absolutely shocked me cause I had no idea he was Catholic.Its been reported that during his presidency, Bill Clinton regularly used a tape recorder to keep an audio diary, and there are now over 80 tapes of stuff that was going on in the oval office. Yeah. Yeah, and if youre over 18, you can listen to them for $1.99 a minute.Yesterday, Mayor Giuliani announced he will not seek a third term but he would still like to extend his current term by three months. Thats what he asked. Yeah, not only that. The New York Mets said they would like to extend their current season.Earlier today on Martha Stewart Living, Martha visited a factory that makes US flags. Isnt that interesting? She did that, yeah. And apparently, Martha got a little carried away at the factory, because the US flags new colors are goldenrod, mauve and eggshell. Its pretty. Theyre nice.According to ABC News, one of the most popular Halloween masks this year -- and boy is this the sign of the times. One of the most popular Halloween masks this year is the Mayor Giuliani mask. Thats true. Thats right. Its really popular. Yeah, not only that, all the children who wear the Giuliani mask want to extend Halloween by three months.Every single day, I continue to be shocked at how nice people are being to each other in New York right now. Have you noticed this? Its sweet. People are being nice. A whole new side. People are really behaving much better. Yeah, in fact, this afternoon, when I bought a hot dog from a vendor, he told me, You know, I wouldnt eat this crap, if I were you.The US government has been trying to open up a line of communication with the Afghani people by dropping thousands of tiny radios all over their country. Isnt that fascinating? Were, like, dropping radios. Yeah, and the plan must be working, cause, earlier today, four Afghanis won tickets to a Limp Bizkit concert.This Friday, Americas 52 million students will be asked to simultaneously recite the Pledge of Allegiance. So its pretty cool, yeah. Yeah, and if the kids cant remember that, theyre gonna have them recite the theme song to Friends.A Manhattan landlord is suing one of his tenants for $10 million, because the guy called him Osama. So hes suing. Yeah, and the odd part is, the landlords real name is Adolf.The Taliban reports -- this is the latest report. They report that Osama bin Laden is hiding -- this is what they said -- where no man can find him. Yeah, yeah. In a related story, NBC announced today that bin Laden has joined the cast of Emeril.According to the AP news service, the Taliban has reportedly -- this just came in -- reportedly banned people in Afghanistan from speaking English. It is now against the law to speak English in that country. Yeah, so as a result the most popular movie star in Afghanistan is now Sylvester Stallone.It was reported today that Queen Elizabeth is going to bestow a knighthood on Mayor Giuliani. Good for him. Thats very cool. Yeah, when asked about it, Queen Elizabeth said, I had no choice. He wouldnt accept a lap dance.Members of the band Anthrax admitted that, due to recent events, their name is not so cool. Thats what they said. Yeah, members of the band Anthrax also admitted that their current jobs at Pizza Hut are not so cool.Yesterday, scientists announced a new device that can be placed in a pacemaker. And listen to this -- itll actually call your doctor whenever youre having heart trouble. Isnt that amazing? This little device will call your doctor. Yeah, when told about it, Dick Cheney said, I cant afford those kind of phone bills.New Yorks department of health made an announcement. They said that the anthrax situation in this building has been contained, and that NBC employees are no longer at risk. Isnt that nice? I thought that was good. We need a little help. Yeah, in fact, now the only threat to NBC employees is running into Max Weinberg in the mens locker room.With the Yankees and the Mariners playing in the playoffs, Mayor Giuliani has made a bet with the mayor of Seattle. Cause thats the traditional thing. So theyve made a bet. Yeah, and heres how it works -- if the Mariners win, the Seattle mayor gets tickets to a Broadway show. And if the Yankees win, Giuliani gets to close 800 Starbucks.CNN is arranging to interview Osama bin Laden. Isnt that weird? Yeah, yeah, apparently, bin Laden says he trusts CNN, because Larry Kings the only man whos had more wives than hes had.Because of recent events, this is interesting, half of all Americans are now using the Internet to get their news. Theyre gonna use the Internet now, which is an increase of more than 10%. Thats a huge rise. Yeah, but dont worry, experts say before you know it well all be back to using the internet for its primary purpose -- downloading porn.The latest news from Afghanistan. . I dont know if youve heard this, but for the last couple of weeks.the US military has been blocking Afghanistans radio waves and replacing them with US radio broadcasts. Isnt that interesting? Gets our word out, I guess. Its the latest news. Yeah, which also explains why people all over Afghanistan have been walking around saying, Bababooie.President Bush is going to throw out the first pitch at game three of the World Series. Isnt that cool? Hes gonna be there and hes gonna throw out the pitch. Yeah, and then -- I read this -- then, to show solidarity with Yankee fans, the President is gonna throw the first battery at the other team.The Reverend Jesse Jackson said that he thinks it would be better for America if Halloween were canceled. Thats what he said. Yeah, and when asked about it -- when asked about it, Jesse said, Did I say Halloween? Im sorry, I meant the sitcom Emeril.It was reported today that to get rid of the anthrax spores in the Senate office building, scientists announced they might use some kind of gas to just get rid of all of it. Yeah, and after hearing about it, Senator Strom Thurmond said, Dont bother, Ive been filling that place with gas for years. Theres nothing you can do.Charlton Heston is going to star in a movie as the Nazi doctor Joseph Mengele. Charlton Heston is gonna play a Nazi. Yeah, and Heston said, Im looking forward to the role cause its my first chance to play a liberal.Federal officials -- this is strange. Federal officials have indicted a suspicious student from San Diego whose first name is Osama. They indicted him. Yeah, the kid might be innocent, though, because his name is Osama Schwartz.Members of the Taliban are hiding out in civilian areas and trying to pass themselves off as ordinary people. Thats what theyre doing. Yeah, apparently, the Taliban got the idea from the Scientologists.Yesterday, New York elected billionaire Mike Bloomberg to be their next mayor. And listen to this -- his personal fortune is $4 billion. Can you believe that? Hes got $4 billion. . But I think he may be out of touch with the average New Yorker, cause his first official act was naming a commissioner of caviar.Mike Bloomberg was elected Mayor of New York this week. And I dont know if you know this -- this is true -- he spent $50 million of his own money. Thats the most anyones ever -- $50 million. Ridiculous. Because for that kind of money, he could have bought two tickets to The Producers.And, of course, everyones in a good mood on Fridays. Youre probably also in a good mood -- who saw President Bushs speech last night? Always fun to see the President, huh? One guy in the band, two people in the audience. That explains a lot. No, this is a true story. Last night, NBC showed an episode of Friends instead of President Bushs national address. Thats right. And get this -- heres the interesting part. Friends got double the ratings.Yeah, fortunately this will not happen again, cause afterwards, President Bush announced he and Rachel are having a baby.Speaking of NBC, yesterday -- this is strange -- two Air Force fighter jets forced a plane carrying several NBC executives to land cause the plane lost radio contact. True story. Yeah, and then the military forced the NBC executives to cancel Emeril.The Northern Alliance officially captured Kabul. And the Taliban has left the city. True story. Yeah, the -- the Taliban claims theyre not leaving Kabul cause theyre scared. They just think there are better schools in the suburbs.Theres some leads coming up now in the whole anthrax thing. Government investigators say the person responsible for the anthrax mailings is probably a man who is a loner with no social life or girlfriend. Thats what they said. Yeah, true story. And in a related story, Ive hired a lawyer.The producers of 60 Minutes fired two people because of the extra expense of covering the war on terrorism. They say its costing a lot of money, so they had to let two people go on 60 Minutes. And after hearing about the layoffs, Mike Wallace said, I havent been this worried about losing my job since the Civil War.After the Taliban left Kabul -- they fled Kabul. After they left, many Afghanis in the city shaved their beards. Completely shaved them off. And when asked why they shaved their beards, the Afghanis said, Were sick of looking like Al Gore.After the Taliban was driven out of Kabul, the Afghani people listened to music on the radio for the first time in five years. Cause it was outlawed. Isnt that amazing? Yeah, and then after -- after listening to several new songs, the Afghanis said, N Sync seems very gay.Now that the Talibans left Kabul, the Northern Alliance decided to resume television broadcasts for the first time in five years. Isnt that great? Theyre showing TV again. It was outlawed. Now its back on. Yeah, and immediately after they started showing TV again, the Afghanis said, Hey, whats Buffy doing on UPN?In a recent interview, Vice President Dick Cheney said that, for the past two months, hes been hiding out in one secret location after another. Thats what hes been doing. Yeah, Cheney said he got the idea from Mariah Carey.The New York Post celebrated its 200th birthday today. Isnt that great? Yeah, apparently, as part of its celebration, The Post honored its original paper boy, Strom Thurmond.Yesterday, in Afghanistan -- true story -- after five years of being shut down, the movie theater in Kabul opened. Isnt that nice? They reopened it. . Yeah, the first film shown since the Taliban left is called, Dude, wheres my camel?Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt is suing -- get this -- hes suing the US military because the US military wont let Hustler cover the war in Afghanistan. So hes suing them. Yeah, but they have a reason. The military said, Sorry, but we awarded exclusive coverage to Bootylicious magazine.Former President -- Im sorry. Former Vice President -- thats right. Its close. Former Vice President Al Gore has accepted a job as vice chairman of a company called Metropolitan West Financial. Gonna be his new job. Yeah, when asked about it, Gore said, I finally found a job as boring as I am.It was the annual lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. . First Lady Laura Bush, was there to flip the switch on. And 10,000 New Yorkers were there to flip each other off.This years tree is a big one. Its 81 feet tall. Its huge. Yeah, yeah. And when she arrived, Laura Bush said, I havent seen that much wood since I met Bob Dole.The government is warning journalists not to go into Kandahar because the Taliban might try to use them as hostages. So theyre saying dont go. Yeah, and in a related story, the government has asked Geraldo to go to Kandahar.That CNN -- CNN is arranging to interview Osama bin Laden. Isnt that weird? Yeah. Yeah, apparently, bin Laden says he trusts CNN, because Larry Kings the only man whos had more wives than hes had.In Afghanistan, Geraldo Rivera was fired at by a sniper while he was on camera. This guy fired at him. Yeah. Yeah, afterwards, Geraldo bragged, See? I get recognized wherever I go.Geraldo Rivera said that hell kill Osama bin Laden if he gets the chance. Thats what he said. He said hell kill Osama bin Laden if he gets the chance. Yeah, and after hearing this, bin Laden said if hes forced to meet Geraldo, hell kill himself.This is interesting political news. House Majority Leader Dick Armey announced today that hes retiring after 17 years in the House of Representatives. Yeah, actually, I dont have a joke about this. I just like to say Dick Armey.Earlier today, the White House released the infamous Osama bin Laden video. Youve probably all seen this thing. Yeah, and the weird thing is, its hosted by Bob Saget.Cracker Barrel restaurants are being sued by a group of black customers who claim they were discriminated against. Theyre suing em. Yeah, and they actually may be right. Cause the restaurants new slogan is We Put The Cracker Back In Cracker Barrel.It was reported today -- and this has been, I guess, a big complaint -- a lot of travelers have been complaining about being patted down by security guards at airports. They say its really excessive. And its really a problem. And, folks, in a related story, Richard Simmons says he flies five or six times a day. You missed a spot right here.In his latest report from Afghanistan, Geraldo Rivera says that Osama bin Laden is hiding out in Pakistan. Thats what he said. Which means that the most hated man in Afghanistan is now Geraldo Rivera.The Defense Department -- this is the most recent news -- says the troops in Afghanistan have discovered several more tapes of Osama bin Laden speaking with his followers. They found a few more. Yeah, and apparently, if you order the whole set right now.theyll throw in the Talibans Wet and Wild Spring Break.Its been reported that a charity organization is planning to send a troop of clowns to Afghanistan. True story. Yeah, a spokesperson for the charity said, We think the Afghani people should know why the rest of the world hates clowns.Its been reported that a charity organization is planning to send a troop of clowns to Afghanistan. True story. Yeah, a spokesperson for the charity said, We think the Afghani people should know why the rest of the world hates clowns.Yesterday, New York Citys new Mayor, Michael Bloomberg, said that he plans -- listen to this -- he plans on taking the subway to work every day. Thats what hes going to do. Take the subway to work. Yeah, Bloomberg also said he plans on showing up late for work and smelling like urine.According to the Detroit Free Press.the citys new mayor there has declared Detroit to be Gods city. Detroit is Gods city. Yeah, and in a related story, God announced that hes moving to the suburbs.Pentagon officials said that they believe that Osama bin Laden is still in hiding, and they expect him to release more disturbing videos. Thats what they said. Yeah, then they said the same thing about Mariah Carey.According to The Salt Lake Tribune.local police have received dozens of calls from people claiming to have spotted Osama bin Laden in Utah. Yeah, and when asked to comment, Osama denied he would go to Utah, because the Mormon religion is too strict.The Fox News network announced that Geraldo Rivera has returned from Afghanistan and is now back in the country. Hes back, everybody. Good for him. Yeah, however, Fox told their viewers, Dont worry, well be sending Geraldo back into harms way as soon as possible.CNN is being really criticized by journalists from other networks because a recent CNN promo describes their anchor, Paula Zahn, as sexy. Yeah, and a lot of people are upset about that. Yeah, and even worse -- even worse, in another CNN promo, they say that Wolf Blitzer has a sweet ass.Chelsea Clinton, whos now a young woman, has been spotted all over town recently at New Yorks hottest singles bars. Singles bars, yeah. Yeah, and when asked about it, Chelsea said, Hey, Im just trying to spend some quality time with my dad.New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg -- hes hard at work, hes coming up with ideas. He announced his new plan to deal with quality of life crimes like squeegee men and people who urinate in public. Hes got a plan. Its true. Yeah, its a really good plan. Bloombergs gonna have the squeegee men show up right after somebody urinates in public.In Kabul, an Afghani official has issued a proclamation saying that all people armed with weapons or ammunition are not allowed to walk in the street. Thats the new rule. Thats a good rule. Yeah, and apparently - - apparently, if it works, theyll try the same rule in Detroit.They report that several countries are gonna loan Afghanistan a total of $1.5 billion. Loan them $1.5 billion. Yeah, which means that Afghanistan is now in much better financial shape than Kmart.In Washington, the Hart Senate office building was reopened today after all traces of anthrax were eliminated. Isnt that nice? Its a good thing. Yeah. And folks, in a related story, the White House was reopened after all traces of pretzel were eliminated.According to reports from the US military that they just released, Osama bin Laden is apparently hiding in a remote and incredibly desolate region. Thats what they said. Thats true. They said that. In other words, Osama is hiding out at Kmart.The producers of Friends say that President Bushs fashion model niece, Lauren, is gonna make an appearance on an upcoming episode of Friends. Isnt that something? Yeah, and not only that -- not only that, they say, at any point, Dick Cheney could end up on ER.President Bush unveiled a $38 billion homeland security plan. Yeah, its a good idea. Yeah, the President said that under the new plan, we can wipe out the threat of pretzels in our lifetime. Get rid of them.It was reported today that Enron Field, where the Houston Astros play, will probably change its name by the end of the season. Theyre going to get rid of the name Enron Field, yeah. Apparently the new name will be oh, my god, were totally screwed field.You all know President Bush gave his State of the Union speech earlier tonight. This is big. And he said that he would ask Congress for a $48 billion increase for defense spending. Thats what he wants -- an increase for defense -- yeah. Yeah, and thats just for protection against pretzels.Its been reported that Enron -- Enron has hired a new CEO whos a specialist in turning around companies that are in trouble. They just hired this guy to help em out. Yeah, and apparently the guys off to a really bad start because the first thing he did is change the companys name to Kmart.Next week, Sesame Street is gonna air a week of shows that help children understand the war on terrorism. . Thats nice. Yeah, which explains why Oscar the Grouch is being held in a trash can in Guantanamo Bay. Very humanely treated.The U.S. Senate has announced theyre going to subpoena Enron CEO Kenneth Lay and make him testify. Theyre gonna subpoena him. Thats what they said. Apparently, Lay received the subpoena this morning, and then, out of habit, immediately shredded it.In a recent interview, Charlton Heston said that celebrities who have bodyguards -- listen to this. He said celebrities who have bodyguards are cowards. They should just carry guns like he does. Thats what he said. Thats what he said. Yeah, in response, most celebrities say they have bodyguards because Charlton Heston carries a gun.President Bush was in New York earlier today to speak at a fundraiser. Yeah. Apparently the Secret Service was so worried about Bushs security, they had the police clear the streets of all pretzel stands.MTV has announced that Secretary of State Colin Powell is going to host a show where hell answer questions from MTV viewers. Yeah, MTV says Powell will answer questions about terrorism, the war in Afghanistan and why AJ is his favorite Backstreet Boy.The Senate has subpoenaed former Enron CEO Kenneth Lay and hes going to have to testify in front of the Senate next week. True story. Yeah, apparently the senators are going to question lay on why he let them accept so much money from Enron.New York police report that drug dealers are now selling a brand of heroin named after Osama bin Laden. Yeah, apparently the dealers are also selling an even deadlier brand of heroin called Enron.Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin, youve all heard of her. Shes leaving PBSNewsHour with Jim Lehrer after she was accused of plagiarizing other writers. Yeah, when asked to comment, Goodwin told the press, I have nothing to fear but fear itself.USA Today reports that the Federal Government has sent 700 national guardsmen to patrol the US border with Canada. Thats right. Yeah, apparently, the troops were sent to the border to prevent a comeback by Celine Dion.Its been reported that in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan the Taliban is getting back together. Thats what they said in the news today. Yeah, folks, even scarier, its been reported that Hall and Oates are getting back together.Fox TV has announced that next Wednesday, Paula Jones is going to fight Tonya Harding. Isnt that amazing? Its incredible. Fox is calling the show, When white trash attacks.Theres a rumor in the TV business that ABC might fire Sam Donaldson and replace him with someone younger and hipper. Yeah, apparently, Donaldsons really worried about it, cause when he showed up for work today, his toupee had corn rows.Barbara Walters criticized ABCs handling of Ted Koppel and said for ABC to treat Ted as dispensable and irrelevant is thoughtless and hurtful. Then she immediately asked for Ted Koppels parking spot.Former Enron executives Jeffrey Skilling and Rebecca Carter married each other during a huge ceremony in Houston. These two Enron execs got married. The happy couple is planning to honeymoon for three weeks in front of Congress.According to the Washington Post, when Stevie Wonder performed in Washington, DC, the other night, President Bush tried waving to him from the audience. Thats true. He saw him and he tried to get his attention by waving to him. Thats a true story. Apparently, after a moment the President realized his error and whispered, I cant believe I did that, to Marlee Matlin.Earlier this week, Stevie Wonder performed at a concert in Washington. Hes up on stage performing, President Bush wanted to get his attention, so he started waving to him from the audience. Waving to him. True story. Yeah, and afterwards the President said, Im sorry, I didnt realize it was Stevie Wonder, I thought it was Ray Charles.The U.S. Senate wants to pass a resolution supporting our troops in Afghanistan, which, everyone thinks is a good idea. But get this. The senators cant agree on what it should say. And theyre arguing about it. They cant agree. Yeah, its bad. Senator Strom Thurmond is angry about the delay and said, This is an insult to our beloved Confederate troops.Earlier today, Homeland Security Adviser Tom Ridge made a big announcement. He announced a new color-coded warning system to keep the public informed about future disasters. Theres a color code now that we can use. True story. Apparently, this is what he said in the paper. Green means everythings okay, red means were in extreme danger, and champagne fuchsia means were being attacked by Martha Stewart.An Iranian toy company announced that it is coming out with a doll similar to a Barbie doll. True story, yeah. And apparently the Iranian Ken doll is allowed to own four of them.Yesterday in Philadelphia, President Bush sang the Itsy Bitsy Spider song to a group of kids. Unfortunately the kids werent really into it because theyre in high school.CBS has announced that they are planning to make a movie about the rise and fall of Enron. Yeah, gonna be on CBS. Experts say the movie will probably get huge ratings because most CBS viewers think Enron is a gentle laxative.The big news, Harding, Tonya Harding won after knocking Paula Jones down to the canvas. Knocked her right down. Yeah, and when President Clinton heard about the fight, he said, Finally, somebody got Paula Jones to go down.Ted Koppel still uncertain about his future. This is the latest on that story. Yesterday the head of PBS said that she has talked to Ted Koppel about moving over to public television. Apparently PBS is offering Koppel $34 a year and a free tote bag.Earlier this week, Homeland Security Adviser Tom Ridge announced a new color-coded warning system. A color-coded system to keep the public informed about disasters. Seems like a good idea. Yeah, apparently red is the highest alert and it means Dick Cheney is about to eat a mozzarella stick.Very strange event occurred at the White House yesterday. . Yesterday, at the White House, President Bush met with rock star Bono. They had an official meeting. Yeah. There was one awkward moment when the President asked Bono, Do you and Cher still talk?Yesterday in the Middle East, Israeli troops tear-gassed Geraldo Rivera. Yeah, as a result, fighting stopped for several hours while both sides laughed hysterically.According to a new survey in USA Today, 62% of Americans, 62% think Al Gore looks better without his beard. Yeah. And not only that, 92% of Americans think the beard looks better without Al Gore.Ohio Congressman James Traficant is, hes on trial for corruption. Yesterday he accused the prosecutions lawyer of having the testicles of an ant. Thats what an Ohio congressman said. Yeah, in response, the prosecutor said, hes actually right, my testicles can lift thirty times their own weight.John Walker Lindh testified this week. I guess hes testifying now. And he said that when he was captured by US troops he was locked in a small, unheated room with only one light bulb. Yeah, folks, in Manhattan, an apartment like that would cost $5,000 a month.This week, Dan Rather -- hes a strange guy. This week, Dan Rather, apparently hes been broadcasting the Evening News from Jerusalem. And yesterday he had a close call when a car bomb exploded nearby. Yeah, afterwards a Palestinian spokesperson said, We are really sorry, we thought it was Geraldo.Playgirl is now offering the men of Enron a chance to pose nude. Yeah, coincidentally, the men of Enron will soon be getting the same offer from their cellmates.Yesterday the IRS announced that, this is true, obese Americans are entitled to certain tax breaks. Apparently, under the new rules you are allowed to claim two or more chins as dependents.A new survey reports that 79% of Americans think that rudeness is a serious national problem. The other 21% told the survey takers to screw off.I think this is good news. . According to the White House physician, President Bush is in great physical shape, and his health is in the top 2% for men his age. Isnt that good news? . Yeah, not only that -- the White House says that Dick Cheneys health is in the top 2% for men Strom Thurmonds age.In the new issue of Newsweek that just came out, former President Clinton gave an interview, and he finally admitted that he regrets pardoning billionaire Marc Rich because it wasnt worth the damage to my reputation. Thats what he said. Thats a quote. Clinton said, for that kind of damage, I shouldve at least gotten oral sex.As a result of the Enron scandal the Arthur Andersen accounting firm, I guess which is in a lot of trouble, they announced yesterday that they are laying off 7,000 employees. Yeah, when asked about it a spokesperson for Arthur Andersen said, 7,000, maybe 8,000, were not really good with numbers.Much to discuss, going on in the world. President Bush working very hard on the Mideast problem. I think hell solve it. According to a White House aide, President Bushs speech this week on the Middle East conflict went through 17 different drafts. Yeah, which is actually good, cause the first draft started off, Dear bad guys.It was reported today that President Bush is getting increasingly frustrated with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon because Sharon keeps ignoring him. Hes getting very frustrated. In fact, today, to get Sharons attention the President wore something red with a bare midriff.Yesterday President Bush said he wants a ban on human cloning. A ban. Meanwhile, Attorney General John Ashcroft said he wants a ban on creating humans the old-fashioned way. He said its disgusting and its got to stop.Its been reported that Michael Jackson will appear at a fundraiser to help raise money for Democrats. Yeah. In a related story, Tito Jackson is going to appear at a fundraiser to help raise money for Tito Jackson.In New York City today it reached 90 degrees. Did you know that? Apparently the heat was so bad that it wiped out Mayor Bloombergs marijuana crop.A new video of Osama bin Laden has surfaced. Have you seen this one? They show a clip of it on the news. Its a video where hes dressed more casually and hes sitting by a mountain stream. Yeah. And the really odd part is, its a Coors commercial.This week, an Iraqi man was awarded a $16,000 court settlement because he was repeatedly being called Osama bin Laden at work. So he sued. He got mad and he sued. The really strange thing is, the mans real name is Saddam Hussein.A Secret Service agent got hurt, broke his kneecap while protecting Senator Hillary Clinton. Kneecap. After hearing this, former President Clinton called the guy and said, Actually, youre lucky. Usually she goes for the groin.Its been reported that Sam Donaldson is gonna be replaced by George Stephanopoulos as anchor on ABCs This Week. Apparently, Donaldson will do some reporting for the show, but his toupee will be released into the wild.Earlier today, this is what the Presidents been up to. Earlier today President Bush handed out the Presidents Environmental Youth awards to 30 kids in the White House Rose Garden. Isnt that nice? . Then afterwards Bush asked the kids to help him dig up the roses and look for oil.Over the weekend, Vice President Dick Cheney injured his Achilles tendon and hes now on crutches. Afterwards, Cheney was overheard telling the doctors, Wow, Ive never been to this part of the hospital before.In his speech earlier today, and I think this is very big news. President Bush said that the Palestinians should have their own state. Thats what he said. Big news. Apparently the Palestinians agreed, and said theyd love their own state as long as its not New Jersey.Secretary of State Colin Powell turned down an offer by former President Jimmy Carter to get involved in the Mideast peace process. Carter wanted to get involved, and Powell said no. However, Powell did ask Carter to build a shed for his backyard.Michael Jackson and former President Clinton appeared at the same fundraiser in Harlem. They were both there. And reportedly, Michael Jackson and President Clinton were the only white people there.President Bush spent the day today in South Dakota. Traveling around. There was one awkward moment when the President saw Mt. Rushmore and said, Hey, its the guys who are on the money.It was reported today that with the help of new data, I guess theyve got new data and new instrumentation. Scientists have now determined that the universe is 13 billion years old. Yeah, and after hearing this, Strom Thurmond said, You know, it kills me that I missed the first half.There are a lot of gloomy stories coming out of the Middle East. . Because of the Middle East conflict that theyre having over there, a hotel in Jerusalem is struggling to fill rooms. Cant get enough people to fill the rooms. So theyve started offering guests bullet-proof vests. . They are offering guests bullet-proof vests. Not only that, theyre also telling guests that checkout time could come at any moment.Yesterday President Bush was supposed to have a two-hour meeting with Saudi Arabias Prince Abdullah but the meeting ended up stretching on for five hours. Everyones talking about it today. The meeting took a long time because they had to translate from Arabic to English and then from English to Bush.Over the weekend in France, thousands of protesters took to the streets to protest an anti-Semitic presidential candidate. Yeah, they went out there, and they opposed this anti-Semitic candidate. Yeah, and a spokesperson for the protesters said, Lets face it, the French are supposed to look down on all people equally.This week, the Fox News channel found out that a man that they had repeatedly interviewed lied about being a lieutenant colonel in the Army, and he wasnt a real colonel at all. Yeah, and they interviewed this guy for months. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing the news, a spokesperson for Fox said, Big deal. Geraldos not a real reporter. I mean, come on.Latest bulletin, Yasser Arafat was preparing to leave his compound where hes been trapped and surrounded by overwhelming forces. Yeah. Yeah, Arafat said hes glad to be out, and that he finally understands what its like to be Frank Gifford.This afternoon in Washington -- this just happened. Eleven congressional pages were fired after they were caught smoking marijuana. You know, a spokesperson for Congress said, We knew there was a problem when we smelled something funny, and it wasnt Strom Thurmond.Today, after being trapped without out power and running water, Yasser Arafat finally left his compound in Ramallah and he flashed the V for victory sign. Thats big news. Yeah, actually, Arafat said it wasnt a V for victory sign. He was just telling everyone how many months its been since he had a bath.I thought it was as a joke, but I guess its true. . Former President Clinton has met with NBC.about getting his own talk show. Isnt that weird? Yeah, apparently each show would involve Clinton inviting two or three women over to talk. Hey, baby.In some Arab countries, people are so angry about Americas support for Israel, theyre attacking McDonalds -- a local McDonalds. And so now McDonalds is changing its name in those countries. Yeah, I dont think its gonna work, cause theyre changing their name to McGoldbergs.Former President Clinton in the newspaper today. True story. Yeah, yesterday -- just yesterday, President Bush asked former President Clinton to go on a diplomatic mission to southeast Asia. Yeah, hes sending him to Asia. Reportedly -- reportedly, Clinton was so excited about the trip, he told the President, Me love you long time.It was reported today that next week First Lady Laura Bush will travel to France, Hungary and the Czech Republic without President Bush. Going alone. When asked about his wifes trip to Europe the President said, Shes not going to Europe, shes going to France, Hungary and the Czech Republic.President Bush keeping busy. Busy man these days. It was announced just today, a couple of hours ago, President Bush is going to Europe next week, and he will meet with the Pope. Yeah, President Bush said hes looking forward to meeting with the Pope and Mrs. Pope.This week, in a brand-new interview, former President Clinton said he thinks his wife Hillary would make a good president but shed be better in the number two slot of vice president. Yeah, the former President said, Hell, Hillarys been my number two choice for years.The other day, several hundred employees were evacuated from the Pentagon after a strong smell was detected. Yeah, in a related story, the other day, the Pentagon received a surprise visit from Strom Thurmond.The Fox Network has announced that it will launch a news magazine show that will feature Geraldo Rivera. Yeah, apparently, its all part of Foxs plan to get people to stop watching Fox.It was reported today, just this morning, that President Bushs nickname for Russian President Vladimir Putin, one of the most powerful people in the world, is Pootie-poot. I swear. Thats his nickname. Thats his nickname for Vladimir Putin, Pootie-Poot. Yeah, as a result, Putins nickname for Bush is that idiot who calls me Pootie-Poot.The CIA reports that they found a new video of Osama bin Laden, but theyre not sure when the video was made. Yeah, apparently, they think the video is kind of old, because Osama is wearing an XFL sweatshirt.Its been reported that Senator -- Senator now -- Hillary Clinton has put on 30 pounds since she joined the Senate. She put on 30 pounds. Yeah, President Clinton said he doesnt mind Hillarys weight gain because it makes it easier to hear her coming.Earlier today, President Bush arrived in Germany for the start of a big European tour. Thats what hes doing right now. Yeah, the President said the other European countries he plans on visiting are France, Italy and Oregon.In his speech in Germany today, President Bush -- hes in Germany right now. In his speech, he said that Saddam Hussein should be removed from power. Thats what he said. Yeah, the President told the German people, Saddam should be kicked out because he is a maniacal dictator bent on destruction -- oops, wrong crowd.Baylor University in Texas has announced that they would like to be the home of the George W. Bush Presidential Library. . Baylor officials say all they need is President Bush to donate both books hes read, and theyll be in good shape.Last weekend, President Bush traveled to the Vatican and had a meeting with the Pope. President Bush met with the Pope. Yeah. Yeah, the one awkward moment was when the President told the Pope, You know, when I was in school, my teachers used to make me wear a hat just like yours.Yesterday, an Ohio senator created a scandal on Capitol Hill when he refused to attend a hearing because one of the Backstreet Boys was testifying. A Backstreet Boy was like testifying on the environment, and this guy refused to go. He thought it was ridiculous. Yeah, and even stranger, the senator was wearing a t-shirt that said N Sync rules.This, but this week, true story, a woman filed a lawsuit in court because she claims her hairstylist made her look like Osama bin Laden. And shes suing about it. Thats right. Yeah, as a result, the CIA is unable to locate the woman.This week, Chris Matthews, host of Hardball, signed a seven-year contract to remain with MSNBC. Thats right. Yeah, Matthews said staying with MSNBC is all part of his plan to remain completely unknown to the American public.Martha Stewart is being investigated on possible insider trading charges. Yeah. Yeah, I think Martha might be guilty because today, on her program, she showed viewers how to make license plates.US News and World Report magazine claims that members of the Secret Service regularly watch porno on the White House satellite system. Thats what they said. Isnt that weird? Yeah. Yeah, which explains why President Bushs code name is Pizza Delivery Boy.This week, the terrorist group Al Qaeda issued a death threat -- listen to this -- a death threat against rapper Eminem.because, in his latest video, Eminem dresses up like Osama bin Laden. Yeah, and not only that -- they issued a death threat against the Backstreet Boys because, in their last video, they dressed up like the Backstreet Boys.It was a really good day today for the President. . The town of Stockton, California, has announced that theyre naming an elementary school after President George W. Bush. Isnt that sweet? I thought that was really nice. Yeah, not only that, theyre naming the nurses office after Dick Cheney.In a brand-new interview, director Steven Spielberg said he thinks Americans would be willing to give up some of their rights if it will help the government defend the country. Thats what Steven Spielberg said. As a result, the White House asked Spielberg to give up his right to make Jurassic Park 4.This week, President Bush called Americas World Cup soccer team. And he told them, even though he doesnt know anything about soccer, hes rooting for them. Then, Bush called his economic advisers and said the same thing.Governor Jesse Ventura told Minnesota Public Radio he wont run for reelection because his heart is no longer in politics. Thats what he said. Yeah, and apparently when he heard this, Dick Cheney said, Big deal. My hearts barely in my chest.Martha Stewart said that the insider trading charges against her are ridiculous, and that she will be cleared at any moment. That was her statement. Yeah, when asked how she could be so sure, Martha said, I have inside information.Its been reported that the FBI is visiting libraries nationwide and checking the reading records of people it finds suspicious. Thats what theyre doing now. Yeah, when asked about it, President Bush said, Ive always been suspicious of people who go to libraries.President Bush right now is in Canada. I dont know if you even knew that. Hes having a very good meeting with other world leaders at the G-8 economic summit. Thats what hes up to, which is a good thing. Yeah. Working stuff out, doing the peoples work. Yeah, apparently, there was one awkward moment, though, when someone said, G-8, and Bush jumped up and yelled, Bingo!This months Playboy magazine features a naked pictorial of the women of Enron. Its true. Yeah, after viewing the pictures, just hope theres never ever a scandal at 60 Minutes.It was reported today that executives from WorldCom -- thats the company that owns MCI --.these executives could face prison time for the latest accounting scandal there. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, the head of MCI said hell use his one phone call to annoy someone at dinnertime.In a speech on Wall Street today, President Bush spoke out against corporate irresponsibility. And he warned executives not to cook the books. Thats what he said. He said, Do not cook the books. After hearing this, Martha Stewart said, Actually, the correct term is saute the books.Today is Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfelds 70th birthday. Yeah, apparently, Rumsfelds birthday party came as a complete surprise to both the FBI and the CIA.The economys in trouble. And yesterday, in a really big speech, President Bush said the economy was still getting over the hangover from the 90s. Thats what he said, and then the President admitted hes still getting over his hangover from the 80s.Janet Renos campaign for the governorship of Florida is running seriously low on cash. Shes running out of money. Yeah, apparently it was a really bad decision to raise money by selling those Janet Reno swimsuit calendars.It was reported that a student at the University of Delaware broke into the computer system and changed her grades from Fs to As. Changed her grades. Fs to As. Yeah, as a result, the student has been hired to run WorldCom.Things are getting kinda tough for President Bush right now. It was reported today -- a true story -- that President Bushs approval ratings are dropping fast. They are now at 62%, down from a high of 69%. Yeah, when asked to comment, President Bush just kept giggling at the number 69.This week, Martha Stewart announced that she wants to start her own Oprah-style book club. Yeah, not only that, Marthas also thinking of applying for the job of prison librarian.Martha Stewart, she still cannot get a break. NBC announced yesterday, they just made this announcement, this network announced that theyre planning to make a movie based on the life of Martha Stewart that will cover her recent stock market scandals. Its gonna cover all the bad stuff. Yeah, apparently, NBC is gonna call the movie, The Road to Extradition.Silence of the Lamb Chop?Blazing Salads?Yesterday, due to her legal problems, Martha Stewarts company stock fell to its lowest level since the stock went public. Pretty bad. Yeah, the ironic part is Stewarts stock is finally cheap enough to be sold at Kmart.Martha Stewart -- did you hear this? Shes being sued by one of her stockholders because of her part in the insider trading scandal. Yeah, Martha wouldnt comment on the lawsuit, but she did say that subpoenas should be served with a light appetizer.Congress has now asked Martha Stewart for copies of her e-mails and all of her financial records. Thats what they want. Yeah. In addition, Congress asked Martha for tips on how to make mango and grape chutney.President Bush had his annual physical. And afterwards, his doctors said he is in excellent physical condition. Thats right. Doctors say the President has the body of a 30-year-old and the mind of an 8-year-old.Saddam Hussein gave a speech where he referred to the US as a force of evil, and President Bush responded by calling Hussein an evildoer. Hussein then responded by calling Bush a vicious demon, and then Bush called Hussein poopy pants.Today, Senator Hillary Clinton said she wants to meet with President Bush. She even offered to travel to Texas to visit with the President while hes on vacation. After hearing this, President Bush said, Cant she stick to ruining her own husbands vacation?President Bush told reporters that hes still considering attacking Iraq, but theres been too many leaks so hes not gonna release the timetable. . President Bush said, The new October 25th attack Im planning is top secret.President Bush working hard to fix the economy. Hell do it. Im confident. Hes got his abacus, Uh, Im gonna get this one.The New York Times reports that President Bush has called an economic forum in Texas to get advice on how to improve the economy. Apparently, several business leaders couldnt travel to Texas because it would have violated their parole.Some CBS affiliates are talking about dumping Martha Stewarts TV show and replacing it with a different show. However, Martha has been promised a regular guest spot on HBOs Oz.The New York Daily News.reports that Palestinian Chairman Yasser Arafat may have stolen $10 billion in aid money. As a result, Arafat has been appointed CEO of WorldCom.Yesterday at a press conference, actor Leonardo DiCaprio lashed out at President Bush for his environmental policy. After hearing about it, the President said, I thought he died on the Titanic.The other night in New York, one of Senator Hillary Clintons advisers was kicked out of a hotel bar for removing her blouse. As a result, the woman has been fired by Senator Clinton and hired by Bill Clinton. Hes happy about that.Earlier today, President Bush made a speech about Homeland Security in front of Mount Rushmore. There was one awkward moment when Bush looked up at the monument and said, Which one is President Rushmore?The Russian space program announced that they have kicked out Lance Bass because of late payments. In a related story, Greyhound has announced that they have canceled M.C. Hammers trip to Cleveland.The US Congress is gonna hold their first official session in New York City in over 200 years. Yeah, gonna be comin to New York. First time in 200 years. When asked to comment, Senator Strom Thurmond said, Im anxious to see how the citys changed.Yesterday, the President of Afghanistan survived an assassination attempt when somebody fired a gun at him. Or as the President of Afghanistan called it, Another quiet day at the office.Yesterday, Canadas Prime Minister said that as of now, Canada will not help the US if we decide to launch a strike on Iraq. Canadas not going to help. Yeah, when asked why, Canadas Prime Minister said, Id like to help, but Im pretty sure we dont have an army.Janet Reno was turned away from the voting booth at least once before she was allowed to vote. They turned her away. Yeah, apparently, the voting clerk finally recognized Reno when she picked up the voting booth and threw it through the window.A man in Hawaii woke up this week after seven years in a coma. Yeah, reportedly the first thing the man said was, George W. Bush is what?Yesterday it was announced that in Floridas race for governor, Janet Reno, who had a 30-point lead in June, lost the Democratic primary. Janet Reno lost. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, Reno said, I feel like Ive been kicked in the nuts.Al Gore is trying to campaign again. He gave a big speech yesterday at a Democratic fundraiser. Al Gore asked the crowd, Are you better off than you were two years ago? Thats what he asked in his speech. Yeah, and most people in the crowd said, No, but at least were better off than Al Gore.Martha Stewarts stock brokers assistant has agreed to testify against Martha in Federal court. Hes going to spill the beans. Yeah, and the testimony is expected to be shocking. Hes going to say she uses instant gravy.At a fundraiser just the other night, Barbra Streisand was criticizing President Bush, and in the speech, she quoted Shakespeares Julius Caesar, but it turns out that the line she quoted wasnt Shakespeares. It was actually written by someone on the Internet. The mistake was pretty obvious because the quote was, Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your naked pictures of Alyssa Milano.CNN has instructed its staffers to start using hip-hop and rap phrases on the air in order to attract a more diverse audience. CNN is doing that. . As a result, the show Lou Dobbs Moneyline is changing its name to Lou Dobbs Bling Bling.The New York Daily News reports that Barry Manilow performed at a Democratic fundraiser. Yeah, as a result of Manilows appearance, the Republicans raised $10 million.Yesterday, Al Gore said that when it comes to the economy, President Bush is like a lost driver who wont stop to ask for directions. Thats what he said. Of course, people ask Gore for directions all the time because hes now working at a gas station.Last night, President Bush gave his speech outlining the case against Iraq, and the Fox network was the only major network to televise the Presidents address. Unbelievable. Yeah, not surprising, the Fox network insisted on calling the speech When Presidents attack.In like the next month, the Republican Party is gonna make a serious push to attract Latino voters. President Bush said, Yeah, after we get the Latino voters, were gonna go after the Hispanic voters.Tomorrow, it was just announced, Barbara Walters will interview Cuban dictator Fidel Castro, and theyre gonna discuss what its like to be in power for so long that all your contemporaries retire and die. Yeah, and then theyll talk about Castro.Earlier today, Iraq held national elections. The only candidate was Saddam Hussein. So far, exit polls show that Saddam is doing very well with voters who want to continue to live.Officials in Iraq say that Saddam Hussein got 100 percent of the votes in his election yesterday. One hundred percent. Unfortunately, due to a complicated butterfly ballot, some people voted for Saddam Hussein when they meant to vote for Saddam Hussein.Yesterday, Congress passed a bill to overhaul the nations election system. Theyre gonna change the whole thing. The bill calls for new voting machines, voter education programs and the elimination of the state of Florida.Yesterday, the White House press secretary changed the seating assignments for press conferences. He gave reporters from Time and Newsweek really bad seats. I guess hes mad at them or something. The good seats were given to reporters from President Bushs favorite magazines, Highlights and Ranger Rick.Last night, Jeb Bush won the election for Governor of Florida. Reportedly, President Bush was extremely pleased. Very happy about it. President Bush said, It was amazing, not only did Jeb win, he even got more votes than the other guy.In yesterdays election, because theyve had problems there, Florida used a brand new, state-of-the-art touch-screen voting system. There were some problems in Palm Beach County where older voters complained they couldnt withdraw money from it.Last night, during CBS election coverage, Dan Rather said that one race was crackling like a hickory fire. And another was as tight as a botox smile. . In a related story, people are beginning to say that Dan Rather is as crazy as a Dan Rather.The White House is still celebrating their partys sweep in the midterm elections. Very excited about it. President Bush was particularly happy, since these were the only midterms hes ever done well on.In Nevada, voters rejected a ballot measure that would have legalized small amounts of marijuana. Opponents said that legalizing pot would have sent the wrong message to Nevadas young gamblers and prostitutes.A political expert predicts that a war with Iraq would only last two or three months. Thats pretty good. Actually, the exact estimate was two to three months, or the length of a Jennifer Lopez marriage.In a speech yesterday, President Bush said he will not tolerate deception, denial or deceit from Saddam Hussein. Yeah, then afterwards the President told his speechwriter, I havent seen that many Ds since high school.Yesterday, the Democratic National Committee announced its chosen Boston as the site for the 2004 convention. Going to be in Boston. Yeah, I think its perfect. A perfect match because neither the Democrats nor the Red Sox can win in the fall.Roger Ailes, whos the head of the Fox News Network, is denying reports that he sent President Bush a letter, giving him advice on the war. Theyre not supposed to do that, and apparently he did. In his own defense, Ailes said, Im not in a position to give anyone advice. I hired Geraldo.Lawmakers in the United States are now debating whether or not pilots should be allowed to carry guns. Those in favor claim that it would make the skies safer, while critics point out that guns and alcohol dont mix.The other day in Washington, President Bush visited a mosque to acknowledge the Muslim feast of Ramadan. . Unfortunately, there was one awkward moment at the mosque when Bush wished everybody a merry Christmas.This holiday season, a web site is selling talking George W. Bush dolls that speak in the Presidents voice when you press a button. . Apparently, the doll can mispronounce over 100 words.Yesterday in Iraq, UN weapons inspectors paid a surprise visit to Baghdad University. They didnt find any weapons on campus, but they did make a video called Weapons Inspectors Gone Wild.Actor Sean Penn just announced that after a three-day tour of Iraq, he is convinced that Iraq is completely clear of weapons of mass destruction. Afterwards, Donald Rumsfeld called Sean Penn and said, You were at Epcot Center, dumbass.Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott appeared on Black Entertainment Television. . He said he is not a racist. . Lotts exact quote was, I would never get jiggy with racism.Yesterday at the White House, President Bush read the book, Twas the Night Before Christmas to a group of schoolchildren. Isnt that nice? Actually, it was an accident. The kids just happened to walk in on the President while he was reading the book.President Bush refused to defend Trent Lott when asked by reporters if Lott should step down. After hearing this, Trent Lott said, Thats impossible, the President and I are homies.Trent Lott still trying desperately to improve his image with minorities. Hes doing everything he can. Today.he announced his new nickname, T-Lo.The Federal Trade Commission issued a new set of guidelines for telemarketers. Telemarketers now have new rules they have to follow. And the best part is, the Commission told the telemarketers about it by calling them during dinner.Some Democrats say the estimated $60 billion cost of a war with Iraq could be better spent at home. When he heard that, President Bush agreed, and announced plans to bomb Ohio.Yesterday, a senior White House official said that if there is a war with Iraq, it probably wont start till mid-March at the earliest. When asked about the delay, the President said, I want to wait until Joe Millionaire is over.For the first time in history, NASA is going to be sending up an Israeli astronaut. . As a result, just before the launch, the tip of the rocket will be removed by a rabbi.A man from Israel made history by becoming the first Israeli astronaut in space. . When asked about the experience, the Jewish astronaut said, Thats one small step for man, one giant schlep for mankind.Yesterday, President Bush criticized an affirmative action program at the University of Michigan, saying that the schools admissions policy is fundamentally flawed. The President went on to say, To show you how flawed college admissions can be, I got into college.North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il said that the US is deceptive and is trying to mislead the world community. Apparently, Kim Jong Il made the comment after he found out Joe Millionaire isnt actually a millionaire.Earlier today, President Bush said that Saddam Hussein asking for more time is like the rerun of a bad movie that he doesnt plan on watching. . And after hearing this, Kevin Costner said, Hey, why bring me into this?Osama bin Laden was able to escape US forces at Tora Bora by giving his satellite phone to a bodyguard who fled in the opposite direction. Officials say they knew the phone was bin Ladens because was on Verizons Any Cave, Anytime calling plan.A new government report.reveals that the gap between the rich and the poor has jumped dramatically in the past three years. This is true. Yeah. Yeah, and after hearing this, President Bush said, See, my policies do work.Yesterday, a Federal judge threw out a lawsuit by a New York family that claimed McDonalds food made their two children fat. Threw it out, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the children said they would protest the ruling but not with a hunger strike.Officials from France, Russia and Germany accused President Bush of having a fondness for war. When asked about it, a spokesman for Bush said, Its a one-syllable word. Of course hes fond of it.Earlier tonight, in his State of the Union Address, President Bush accused Saddam Hussein of being evil and posing a serious threat to the American people. Then the President said the same thing about the movie Kangaroo Jack.Don Hewitt, the 80-year-old creator and executive producer of 60 Minutes, announced hes retiring. Hewitt said, Im 80 years old. Its time for me to stop producing 60 Minutes and become a correspondent for 60 Minutes.Several European countries are criticizing President Bush, because during his speech last night, he didnt use the word Europe once. In his defense, the President said, I didnt use any words that begin with the letter Y.All of the major networks aired the State of the Union Address, but NBC got the highest ratings. Afterward, NBC viewers said, It was a good speech, but Martin Sheen looked horrible.Its been reported today that MSNBC is in talks with Sam Donaldson about giving him his own talk show. However, at this point, it is only a rumor, and theyve asked Donaldson to keep it under his rug.Only one of the nine Supreme Court justices showed up for President Bushs State of the Union Address on Tuesday night. When asked why they didnt make it, the missing justices said, Hey, we made the guy president, what more does he want from us?The Philip Morris cigarette company changed its name to Altrea because it sounds more pleasant. In a related story, lung cancer has changed its name to Mr. Chest Boo-Boo.Secretary of State Colin Powell told Congress, The crisis will be brought to a conclusion within weeks. Of course, Powell was talking about Joe Millionaire.Earlier today, an audiotape was released allegedly from Osama bin Laden. It tells the Iraqi people not to give up, and that they will succeed. ... Experts say the voice was either Osama bin Laden or Tony Robbins.This week, the Bush Administration announced that the first thing they would do during an attack on Iraq is destroy Iraqs transportation system. Thats what they said they would do. As a result, theyll be blowing up all New York City taxicabs.Theres a rumor in the music industry that the Spice Girls are thinking about getting back together. As a result, the orange alert has been raised to red.If we attack Iraq, the military has decided to allow American journalists to accompany all the US troops. ... Its all part of an operation to get rid of Geraldo Rivera.Atheist groups are upset with President Bush because they say lately hes been using more and more references to Christianity in his speeches. In fact, it happened this morning. This morning, President Bush gave a speech and said, Jesus, look at all those big words.Congressman Dick Gephardt announced his candidacy for president. Wow. ... He knows how to whip a crowd into a frenzy, Dick Gephardt. Yeah, Gephardt now plans to look for a running mate or, as he put it, the alcohol to my sleeping pills.The US is now planning to invade Iraq in mid-March. Thats what theyre saying. When asked why, President Bush said, We want to surprise the Iraqis while theyre getting drunk on St. Patricks Day.The US is now planning to invade Iraq in mid-March. When asked why, President Bush said, We want to surprise the Iraqis while theyre getting drunk on St. Patricks Day.CBS anchor Dan Rather scored an exclusive interview with Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. ... When asked what its like to talk to a crazy person, Saddam said, Its really not so bad.Attorney General John Ashcroft announced the US has started to crack down on people who buy bongs over the Internet. ... Ashcroft says its time kids learned how to make a bong out of soda can like their parents.Last night on 60 Minutes II, Dan Rather conducted an exclusive interview with Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. ... Probably the most surprising part of the interview was when Saddam said, I am Peter Pan.President Bush said that after attacking Iraq, we will send its citizens millions of dollars worth of medicine and food. Bush then added, and if it works in Iraq, we might try something like that here in America.Its been reported that Saddam Hussein...owns part of the company that publishes Elle Magazine. Actually, its kind of obvious because this months cover story is How to Please Your Dictator in the Sack.Earlier today, listen to this, France, Germany, China and Turkey all came out against President Bushs plan to attack Iraq. Yeah, all of them. Yeah, yeah, as a result, President Bush has decided to bomb Epcot Center.Earlier today, Saddam Hussein, I guess, was giving a speech to his people, and he said that President Bush wants to capture the Arab people and use them to do their cheap labor. Thats what he told them. Yeah, after hearing is, President Bush said, We would never do that. Were too close to Mexico.Earlier tonight, President Bush held a prime time news conference in a time slot where people would normally watch Friends. Most Friends viewers say they didnt notice because they thought President Bush was Joey.In California, a speech teacher is in a lot of trouble for encouraging her students to oppose the war with Iraq. Got in trouble, yeah. Yeah, the principal was furious and said, Telling kids to oppose the war is the French teachers job.Intelligence reports from Pakistan say that Osama bin Laden is constantly on the move and is always surrounded by an entourage of ten people. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, as a result, bin Laden keeps getting mistaken for Jennifer Lopez.Today, the Motion Picture Academy said they would not cancel the Oscars even if war breaks out with Iraq. Thats what they said, yeah. Not gonna cancel it no matter what. Yeah. Yeah, when asked why, producers said, Theres a good chance the war will end before our show does.A lot of people angry at the French right now over this whole Iraqi situation. And in Washington, true story, the cafeteria where the members of Congress eat announced that it changed the name of their French Fries to Freedom Fries. Thats a true story. Thatll show em, yeah. They really did that. Yeah, and folks, this is -- this is big. Nothing like this has happened since the 1950s, when Russian Dressing was changed to Commie Sauce.Yesterday, true story, British Prime Minister Tony Blair listed six conditions that he is demanding Saddam Hussein meet to avoid war. Thats right. Yeah, one of the conditions is that Saddam has to admit his beret makes him look kind of gay.This week, McDonalds tried to appeal to more Arab customers in the Middle East by introducing a new sandwich called the McArabia. Thats true. Yeah, not only that, earlier today, they cut off the Hamburglars hands for stealing.Due to the war coverage, this is interesting, ratings at the cable news networks have shot through the roof. Did you know that? Theyre getting their highest ratings ever from cable news. Thats right. Yeah, executives at MSNBC are thrilled and said, Its been years since both of our viewers have tuned in.To protest the war in Iraq, some restaurants in Germany have pulled American products like Coca-Cola and Budweiser off their menu. That will show us, yeah. Taking it off the menu, yeah. Yeah, which begs the question, who goes to Germany and orders Budweiser?On President Bushs flight to Florida yesterday, Air Force One changed the breakfast menu from French toast to Freedom toast. Thats true. They did that. They changed that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and in a further display of patriotism, President Bush then promoted Capn Crunch to Colonel Crunch.Yesterday, American and British troops handed out food to hundreds of hungry Iraqis. Isnt that great? Yeah. True story. They handed out food, yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, the Iraqis handed the British food back. They were like, We are not that hungry. Its okay.This week, true story, the Air Force dropped hundreds of thousands of leaflets over Baghdad telling Iraqi soldiers they have no hope of winning. Thats what they said, yeah. And immediately afterwards, the Air Force dropped the same leaflets on the New York Mets.Reporters in Iraq say a lot of US soldiers are becoming irritable because they are running out of cigarettes. In fact, the troops in the desert are becoming so desperate theyre considering smoking actual camels.Yesterday, it was reported that Saddam Husseins wife is trying to leave him. Yeah, and when asked why, she said, Hes not the madman I married.Its been reported that the Pentagon is trying to kick Geraldo Rivera out of Iraq because he revealed sensitive military information. Yeah, if Geraldo is kicked out, Saddam Hussein will once again be the most hated man in Iraq.Yesterday of course, you all know this probably by now, Saddam Hussein was scheduled to appear on Iraqi television, but once again, Saddam did not show up. Blew it off, yeah. Yeah, didnt show up. Yeah, apparently Saddam has the same agent as James Gandolfini.Sources at the White House -- this is the latest -- say that President Bush thinks he was called by God to lead the country through this difficult time. Thats what he said. Yeah, unfortunately, nobody has the courage to tell the President he wasnt called by God. It was a Morning Zoo deejay.Yesterday, a hijacked plane was flown from Cuba to Florida. Thats right, yeah. Unfortunately, the plane had to be sent back to Cuba because there were no major league pitchers on board.It was announced this week that the Starbucks chain is closing six stores in Israel. Thats right. Theyre closing six stores in Israel, yeah. When asked why, a spokesman said, Theyre jittery enough.Yesterday, Geraldo Rivera was again asked to leave Iraq for giving away sensitive information. Yeah, they want him out. Yeah, yeah. Afterwards, Geraldo said, Ive never been so ashamed, and Im Geraldo.Critics of the media are saying that cable news anchors are hyping the war too much and theyre behaving like game show hosts. Thats what theyre saying, yeah. In fact, today, Wolf Blitzer asked Donald Rumsfeld to give his war update in the form of a question.Producers on Broadway say that because of the war, Broadway shows are suffering from weak ticket sales. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, not only that, over at Les Miserables, the French are refusing to take part in the revolution.Those close to him say that President Bush has not altered his personal schedule very much since the start of the war. Hasnt changed much of anything. In fact, staffers say the only difference is that now he watches the news and tapes Sponge Bob.The US military dropped four huge bombs on a restaurant where they thought Saddam Hussein was having lunch. Its true, they did. Yeah. Yeah, it was right after Saddam made the mistake of telling the waiter, Surprise me.Earlier today, White House sources said that President Bush has a three-part rebuilding plan for Iraq. Thats right. Yeah, not surprisingly, most of President Bushs rebuilding plan involves Legos.MSNBC reports that the Kurdish minority in Iraq are celebrating and dancing in the streets now that Saddam Hussein has been overthrown. Celebrating and dancing. Thats right. Yeah. In fact -- in fact, theyre so happy, theyve released a video called Kurds Gone Wild.Coalition forces destroyed a restaurant where Saddam Hussein was reportedly having lunch. Thats right, yeah, yeah. Blew it up. Blew it up, yeah. Sadly, it was the only Planet Hollywood making money.President Bush spoke directly to the Iraqi people today, and he told them -- this is a quote - Your nation will soon be free. Thats nice. Thats what he said. That was an exact quote, yeah. Actually, the entire quote, Your nation will be free, and our gas will soon be $1 a gallon.US soldiers in Iraq say that one of the things thats keeping them going and inspiring them is all the letters theyre receiving from schoolchildren around the country. I thought that was really nice, yeah. Yeah, then someone explained that those letters are actually from President Bush.In Iraq, four Americans soldiers have been arrested and charged with stealing $1 million cash. And after hearing about this, the Fox Network announced plans for a new reality show called, GI Joe Millionaire.Yesterday, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said he would willing to serve another term. Yeah, Greenspan went on to say, Where else would I find a job in this economy?A conservative group is asking Americans to boycott all companies who advertise on Monica Lewinskys new reality show. The conservative group is made up of several right-wing Republicans and one female Democratic Senator.Yesterday was Saddam Husseins birthday. Birthday yesterday. Yeah, and this is interesting, Pentagon officials now think that Saddam is still alive after witnesses saw a clown and a stripper going into a bunker.In a new interview, Secretary of State Colin Powell repeated that the US has no plans to attack Syria or Iran. No plans. Yeah, after hearing this, Donald Rumsfeld said, Oh, yeah, like hed know.Tomorrow, President Bush is expected to announce that the war in Iraq is over. This is big. Thats right. As a result, Bush will be able to resume his war on the English language.Tonight, just before his nationally televised speech -- this was very dramatic, and I think everyone was watching. President Bush flew on a combat jet and landed on an aircraft carrier. Pretty neat, yeah. Yeah, he flew in. Got in, yeah. Yeah, not only that, next week, the President will go for a ride on a big red fire engine.Earlier today, the Chinese government launched Chinas first 24-hour news channel. Thats right. Yeah, and since the channel will only report stories that are favorable to the ruling party, they decided to call it Fox News.Yesterday, of course, was Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo, thats right. Yeah, when asked if he celebrated Cinco de Mayo, President Bush said, No, Im still mad at the French.Its been reported that just before the war started, just before the war started, Saddam Hussein withdrew $1 billion from Iraqs Central Bank. $1 billion. Yeah, after hearing about the $1 billion, President Bush vowed to hunt Saddam down and give him a huge tax cut.Oprah Winfrey has decided to not quit her show, and she has signed a brand-new contract, listen to this, that will pay her $140 million a year. Yeah. Yeah, in a related story, President Bush has hired Oprah Winfrey to rebuild Iraq.Just before the war started, Saddam Hussein filled up three tractor trailers with $1 billion in cash and drove the money out of the country. Thats right. Yeah, unfortunately, for Saddam, the truckers already spent most of the money on jerky.Florida Senator Bob Graham announced that he is running for President despite the fact that he had double bypass surgery earlier this year. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Political experts dont give Graham much chance because his campaign slogan is, Im a little healthier than Dick Cheney.[From Find The Pattern segment] Joe Lieberman. Dick Gephardt. Howard Dean. John Kerry. Thats right, these men are more and more likely to be the Democratic Partys choice to blow the 2004 presidential campaign.The Bush Administration announced the other day that it doesnt want the Federal Government to run Amtrak anymore. Doesnt want them to do it. Yeah, or, as it was explained to President Bush, Choo choo go bye-bye.Its been reported that 60 Minutes might cancel the debate between former President Clinton and former Senator Bob Dole. Might cancel it. Yeah. As a result, when Clinton wants an argument, hell have to go home to Hillary -- where hell get one.Today, very exciting news -- the US Treasury unveiled a newly redesigned $20 bill that contains more colors, including -- listen to this -- light blue, pale green, and peach. Isnt that great? Isnt that great? Yeah. The Treasury was responding to complaints that their money wasnt gay enough.Iraqi officials are complaining that since the allied troops kicked out Saddam Hussein, food prices in Baghdad have doubled. Its true, yeah. They say the typical family has to rob two museums just to make ends meet.President Bush toured parts of Missouri that were devastated by a recent tornado. Toured them, yeah. Yeah, there was one awkward moment when the President looked at the tornado damage and said, Dont worry, were gonna get whoever did this.A New York Times reporter, who resigned after being accused of plagiarism, may be paid as much as $1 million to tell his story in a new book. True story, yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, the book will be called The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin.Yesterday, White House spokesman Ari Fleischer announced that hes leaving his job. Yeah, after 21 years in government, Fleischer said he wants to lie in the private sector.Yesterday, Christie Whitman, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, announced that shes resigning. Yeah, yeah, reportedly, President Bush was shocked cause he didnt know there was an Environmental Protection Agency. No idea.As part of the anti-terror campaign, the government has declared the airspace over Disney theme parks no fly zones. Thats true. Thats true. Yeah. Yeah, the news came too late for Tinkerbell, who was shot down by an F-15.Today, the United Nations approved a resolution to lift the sanctions on Iraq. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Good thing, yeah. Its a very good thing. Yeah, the move will allow Iraqis to buy things they dont have, such as medicine and weapons of mass destruction.President Bushs daughter, Jenna, is moving to New York for the summer so she can take classes at NYU. Isnt that nice? Yeah, Jenna was quick to point out that unlike her father, shes choosing to go to summer school.The California Senate has approved a bill that would give users of medical marijuana special ID cards designed to protect them from arrest. Yeah, the ID cards will be available by November 1st, and the fake IDs by November 2nd.Today in New York, Martha Stewart was indicted by a Federal grand jury for insider trading. Yeah, as a result, today on her show, Martha showed how to exchange cigarettes for favors.This week, President Bush told Arab leaders that he will -- listen to this. Its a quote. Put in as much time as necessary to achieve peace in the Middle East. Thats what he said. Yeah, yeah. ... Yeah, Bush said the only exception is Monday because The King of Queens is on.In her brand new book, Hillary Clinton says that when President Clinton confessed about his affair with Monica, she wanted to wring his neck. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, thats what she said. Yeah, Hillary decided against it when she realized choking Bill would only enhance his orgasm.Earlier today, Martha Stewart issued a statement saying -- this is a quote - I am innocent, and I will fight to clear my name. Yeah, Martha then said, I look forward to the day when people stop thinking Im guilty and get back to thinking Im cold and arrogant.Earlier today, the executive editor of the New York Times resigned due to the recent scandal involving plagiarism and fraud. Yeah. Yeah, today, the Times named a new executive editor, Sammy Sosa.According to USA Today, former President Clinton has already, already read his wifes new book five times. Already read it five times, yeah. In fact, in fact, the former President has now spent more time in bed with the book than he has with Hillary.Yesterday, Hillary Clintons new book passed the latest Harry Potter book to take the number one spot on Barnes and Nobles top 100 list. Yeah. Passed Harry Potter. Yeah. Which just proves that the public cant get enough books about witches.ImClone systems founder Sam Waksal was sentenced just yesterday to seven years in jail for insider trading. Seven years in jail, yeah. Yeah. Fortunately, its a white collar prison, so the worst that could happen is that hell be gang audited.Its been reported that five young men in Baghdad have started a boy band modeled after Nsync and the Backstreet Boys. In Baghdad. Yeah, folks, if this is true, it means that the Iraqis may finally have acquired a weapon of mass destruction.Yesterday, Saddam Husseins daughter told reporters that her father is still alive. Yeah, her exact quote was, Somebody returned that tie I bought for Fathers Day.The owner of a major New York bookstore says that copies of Senator Hillary Clintons new book are flying off the shelves. They said that, yeah. Yeah, mainly because shes been throwing them at her husband.Frank Keating, the former Governor of Oklahoma, caused a huge controversy this week by comparing the Catholic Church to the Mafia. Yeah, experts say if Keating isnt careful, he could end up sleeping with the loaves and the fishes.In Baghdad, US troops -- this just happened just a little while ago -- captured a high-ranking Iraqi who served as Saddam Husseins personal secretary. This is big. Captured his personal secretary, yeah. Yeah, afterwards, the secretary said Saddam was very thoughtful, Every year on Secretarys Day, he sent me the head of a florist.Former Senator Strom Thurmond, who turned 100 this year, became a grandfather for the first time yesterday. I thought that was very nice, yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, Thurmonds grandson is a healthy, 82- year-old baby boy.In a recent interview, Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling said that she sobbed uncontrollably when one of the characters in her new book died. Yeah. Yeah, meanwhile, Hillary Clinton said she sobbed uncontrollably when one of the characters in her new book didnt die.Yesterday, President Bush said that when it comes to choosing the next Supreme Court justice, he has no intention of including Democrats in the decision. Thats what he said. Yeah, meanwhile, Dick Cheney said that when it comes to choosing the next Supreme Court justice, he has no intention of including President Bush in the decision.Last night in Manhattan, President Bush attended a fundraiser, and the crowd began yelling, Four More Years. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, apparently -- apparently, the crowd was guessing how much longer well be looking for weapons of mass destruction.Barbra Streisand has a new message on her Website that urges blacks and Jews to unite and defeat President Bush. Thats right. Yeah, true story. Yeah, the message probably wont have much of an effect because no black person has ever logged on to Streisands Website.In a speech yesterday, former President Bill Clinton complained that the Bush Administration is erasing all of his accomplishments. Thats what he said. Yeah, today, the Bush Administration said, Hey, all we did was steam clean the rug in the Oval Office.The Secret Service refused to let Microsofts Bill Gates into the White House because he didnt have any ID on him. Turned Bill Gates away, yeah. Yeah, officials say its the first time a billionaire has been turned away from the Bush White House.Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that sex between two men is in fact legal. Thats what they decided, yes. Thats right. It is, in fact, legal. Not only that, the Supreme Court also ruled that sex between two women is very exciting.It was reported yesterday that the US has arrested the former Iraqi Minister of Information. Remember that guy? They arrested him. Hes also known as Baghdad Bob. Thats his name, yeah. Well, they arrested the guy. Apparently, the Information Minister denies hes in jail and insists hes living in an exclusive gated community.Its been reported that the uniforms designed for Iraqs new police force include belts made by Calvin Klein. The belts are made by Calvin Klein, yeah. Yeah, a spokesperson for Iraqs police force said, We cant stop the looters, but we look fabulous.In a speech today, President Bush said he is considering sending US troops to Liberia. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, the President went on to say he wont make his decision until he finds out if its a real place.Yesterday, Vice President Dick Cheney received a clean bill of health from his heart doctors. Isnt that good news? Clean bill of health. I think thats very good. Good for him. Yeah, the doctors said if Cheney keeps to his diet, he should still be in good shape at his next checkup, the day after tomorrow.This week, ABC anchorman Peter Jennings announced that he has finally become a US citizen. Thats very nice. True story. Yeah, not to be outdone, Dan Rather announced he has finally become a citizen of the planet Trylar.President Bush having all kinds of adventures in Africa. You heard about this? True story -- earlier today, President Bush visited an animal refuge in Africa, and he came across a wild pack of elephants. True story, saw a bunch of wild -- yeah, he was walking along and he saw a wild pack of elephants. Apparently, there was one awkward moment when President Bush and one of the elephants pointed at each other and said, Look, theres Dumbo.North Korea announced that they are close to developing nuclear weapons. Yeah, after hearing about it, President Bush said, Man, we getter get Hawkeye and Colonel Potter out of there.Yesterday, controversial talk show host Jerry Springer launched a run for the US Senate. Running for Senate, yeah. Running for Senate, yeah. Yeah, Springer said he wants to give a voice to the little people, and he means actual little people.The government announced that this years budget deficit is gonna be $455 billion -- thats the largest ever. $455 billion. The biggest ever. Yeah, a White House spokesman blamed the war in Iraq, the sluggish economy, and Bushs decision to finance the movie From Justin to Kelly.In a conference yesterday, several Democratic presidential candidates said they would appoint a gay man to the Supreme Court. Thats what they said. Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately, gay men say they wont join the court cause the robes would make them look fat.Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh has signed on to be a commentator during ESPNs NFL coverage. Gonna cover the NFL. Thats true, yeah. Yeah, Limbaugh says the first thing hell do is blame the Chicago Bears terrible season on Hillary Clinton.In a brand-new interview, outgoing press secretary Ari Fleischer, whos leaving, says the best moment of his job was the time President Bush asked him to play catch on the White House lawn. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Yeah, Fleischer says the worst moment of his job was when President Bush asked him to play Hungry Hungry Hippos.The President has invited Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen to Washington next week. Bush will urge Mazen to stop his people from inciting violence in the region. And Mazen will urge Bush to do the same.It was reported this week that of all the Democratic presidential candidates, Congressman Dick Gephardt has raised the least money. Raised the least. Yeah. Yeah, as a result, Gephardt announced that his new campaign slogan will be I aint got dick.Earlier today, Saddam Husseins two sons were reportedly killed in a raid by US forces. Two guys gone. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing about it, Saddam said, Thats not fair -- Im the one thats supposed to kill members of my family.Democratic presidential candidate Richard Gephardt referred to President Bushs foreign policy as machismo and arrogant unilateralism. Yeah. Yeah, Bush was furious and told Gephardt, You wouldnt dare say that if I knew what it meant.According to the Washington Post, Iraqi soldiers claim theyve been mistreated by US troops. Thats right. Yeah, the US troops deny this, but they did admit to making the Iraqi troops watch From Justin to Kelly.This week, at an auction, a pair of boxer shorts once worn by President John F. Kennedy sold for $5,000. Isnt that interesting? Yeah, also going for $5,000 was a bra once worn by Ted Kennedy.Former vice presidential candidate Joe Lieberman said today that if the Democrats nominated Howard Dean, it would be a ticket to nowhere. Yeah. Yeah, Lieberman added, And if theres one thing I know, its about being on a ticket to nowhere.A congresswoman from Texas...is complaining because hurricanes are never given African American names. Yeah. True story. As a result, today, the National Weather Service gave a shout out to Hurricane Tyrell.Earlier today -- big news - Jerry Springer announced that he will not run for the US Senate. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, Springer said, Politics is a dirty business, but Im still not interested.Yesterday, Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he would run for governor of California. Thats the news. Arnolds gonna run. Yeah. Thats right. Yeah, the announcement was good news for Florida residents who now live in the second flakiest state in the country.Apparently, Arnold was inspired by President Bush, who proved you can be a successful politician in this country even if English is your second language.According to the Pentagon, since Saddam Hussein has been hiding, hes been moving his location three times a day to make sure he cant be found. Thats what they said. The weird thing is, theyre saying the same thing about Ben Affleck and J-Lo.According to the latest polls, Arnold Schwarzenegger is leading in Californias governors race by 34 points. Yeah, Arnold. 34 points ahead. Yeah, you can tell that Governor Gray Davis is worried because he spent all day yesterday working on his pecs.Arnold Schwarzenegger is being criticized by the press because instead of discussing issues, he keeps reciting catch phrases like, Hasta la vista, baby. Yeah, when reached for comment, Arnold said, Hasta la vista, baby.Its been reported that some of Arnold Schwarzeneggers opponents have been circulating naked pictures of Arnold on the Internet. Thats right. Yeah. True story. Yeah, in a related story, Arnold is leading the other candidates by four inches.Arnold Schwarzenegger has hired billionaire Warren Buffett as his senior economic adviser. His latest move, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and not to be outdone, Gary Coleman has announced that his senior economic adviser will be Thurston Howell III.Also in California, one of the candidates running for governor -- cause i think theres a lot of them -- one of the candidates running for governor is a 100-year-old woman. Thats the latest. Yeah, good for her. Yeah, the 100-year-old says shed like to recall Governor Gray Davis, but more importantly shed like to recall where she left her teeth.A company has come out with a George Bush action figure that commemorates his landing on the aircraft carrier earlier this year. Yeah. Yeah, the company says by posing Bush and making him talk, kids can get an idea what its like to be Dick Cheney.Yesterday, a political protester hit Arnold Schwarzenegger in the face with a raw egg. Thats right, yeah, but -- heres the best part. Arnold says he didnt mind because protests like that are what makes this country great. Thats what he said. Thats what he said, yeah. Then Arnold ran the guy over with his Hummer.Yesterday, a judge in California ruled that the state must postpone their recall election until March of next year. Theyve got to postpone it. Yeah. After hearing this, Gary Coleman was thrilled and said, This means I could be in the news two years in a row.Earlier today, a new audiotape surfaced in Iraq that is supposedly a message from Saddam Hussein. Thats the latest, yeah, a message from Saddam. Yeah, the CIA thinks it may have been taped some time ago, because in it Saddam wishes Ben and J. Lo all the best.This week an appeals court in California ordered that the recall election for governor be postponed until March. Theyre gonna postpone this thing, yeah. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, the court did this in order to give Arnold Schwarzenegger more time to learn how to pronounce California.President Bush spent the day at Camp David, and said he was preparing for Hurricane Isabel by battening down the hatches. Bush then admitted hes now sure what that phrase means, but he heard it once on Popeye.Israel announced this week that they want to expel Yasser Arafat because he isnt fit to be a leader. As a result, Arafat has announced that he is running for governor of California. Hell fit right in.Yesterday, former General Wesley Clark announced that he was running for president, and right afterwards, his supporters handed out Clark Bars. Yeah, and the promotion was so successful, Richard Gephardt is thinking of changing his name to Dick Butterfinger.The US government will introduce a new $20 bill that will be peach colored. Not surprisingly this announcement came after a visit to the treasury by the cast from Queer Eye for The Straight Guy.In the latest Democratic presidential debate, Dennis Kucinich said hes stop the death penalty, cut the defense budget and setup a department of peace. He made the remark after being asked the question of Why is it you have no chance of winning?Arnold Schwarzeneggers wife, Maria Shriver, announced that, after next weeks election in California, she will return to work at NBC. Thats what she said, yeah. Meanwhile, Gary Coleman announced that, after next weeks election, hell return to work at KFC.Today, the Los Angeles Times broke a huge story that quoted six women that claimed that Arnold Schwarzenegger sexually harassed them. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, President Clinton said, Six? Thats not enough experience to be governor.Its a huge story, though, and a couple of hours ago, Arnold Schwarzenegger apologized for behaving badly. And said that from now on, he will be more respectful of women. Its true, yeah. In fact, Arnold promised that in the next Terminator movie, instead of saying Ill be back, hell say, Youre not fat.Arnold Schwarzeneggers wife, Maria Shriver, announced that, after next weeks election in California, she will return to work at NBC. Thats what she said, yeah. Meanwhile, Gary Coleman announced that, after next weeks election, hell return to work at KFC.During his acceptance speech last night, Arnold said -- this is a quote - I will not let you down. Thats right, yeah. Unfortunately, at the time, Arnold was holding a woman over his head and looking up her dress.In a speech after the election, Arnold Schwarzenegger said, I came here with absolutely nothing, and California has given me absolutely everything. Thats right, yeah. Very nice, yeah. Meanwhile, Gary Coleman made a speech saying, I came here with nothing, and I still have nothing.A toy company announced this week that it is coming out with a Muslim version of Barbie. Thats true. The company says the Muslim Barbie comes with a car shes not allowed to drive.Executives in Hollywood are upset because now that Arnold is Governor, he has no time to make movies. Thats right, yeah. In a related story, Ben and J. Lo are being urged to run for President.In a recent press conference, Donald Rumsfeld said that he had no idea that the US was reorganizing the leadership structure in Iraq, and that nobody had consulted him. Yeah. Yeah, Rumsfeld was furious and said, Im tired of being treated like President Bush.This is the latest on the big Yankee-Red Sox rivalry -- Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy and New York Senator Chuck Schumer made a bet -- and this is the bet -- the loser has to wear the other teams hat. Thats the bet, yeah. Yeah, Senator Kennedy isnt worried, because theyll never find a hat big enough to fit his giant head.In a recent interview, Martha Stewart said she is scared about going to prison. Yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, her future cellmate said shes even more scared.Of course, the Yankees won last night, and because the Yankees were losing until after midnight -- true story -- the New York Post mistakenly printed an editorial saying that the Red Sox had won. It was printed in todays paper, yeah. Not surprisingly, the editorial ran next to a story about President Al Gore.This week, big announcement, Ashton Kutcher announced that he has decided to back Senator John Edwards for president. Hes throwing his political might behind Edwards, yeah. Yeah, when asked why, Kutcher said, Cause his mom is really hot.In California, youve probably all heard about this. Wildfires are still burning out of control and destroying thousands of acres of trees. Losing a lot of forest there, yeah. Yeah, but everythings going to be fine, because this morning, Governor-elect Schwarzenegger told residents, Dont worry, I played a fireman in Collateral Damage.In other celebrity news this week, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston traveled to the Middle East to bring Israelis and Palestinians closer together. Yeah, and it seems to be working, because the Israelis and Palestinians keep going up to each other, saying, What the hell are they doing here?This week, the post office announced that its coming out with a brand new stamp honoring Dr. Seuss. Oh, good. Very nice. Yeah, after hearing about it, President Bush said, Finally, an author Im familiar with.Public schools in California are so strapped for money that they are dropping foreign language classes now. Gonna drop them. Yeah, people in California complained that unless the students study a foreign language, they wont be able to understand their governor.The most popular mask for this Halloween was an Arnold Schwarzenegger. The best part about wearing the Arnold mask is that when you have a mouthful of candy you sound like him.The US economy grew by seven percent last quarter. Thats the biggest increase in twenty years. Of course the White House is taking credit for it. Today, President Bush landed on an aircraft carrier dressed as an accountant.A new erectile dysfunction drug claims that it will allow men to last seven times longer than Viagra. Seven times. Seven times longer. In a related story, Elizabeth Dole has gone into hiding.This is last night, during a Democratic presidential debate -- Ill tell you - - candidates John Kerry, John Edwards and Howard Dean all admitted that they have smoked marijuana. Yeah. Big. Yeah. Yeah, not only that - - Al Sharpton admitted that his barber smokes marijuana.Its been reported that ever since Arnold Schwarzenegger was elected governor, Schwarzenegger impersonators have been making as much as $400 an hour. Yeah. Which is a lot, considering the real Gary Coleman only makes $4 an hour.Barbra Streisand is reportedly furious that CBS has canceled its Reagan miniseries, starring her husband, James Brolin. Shes furious. Yeah, furious. Yeah, not only that, James Brolin is reportedly furious, cause hes married to Barbra Streisand.Yesterday, during a speech on Iraq, President Bush warned Americans to avoid what he called a blanket of fear. Yeah, President Bush might have lost some credibility, because he actually called it a blankie of fear.Yesterday, President Bush met with his foreign policy advisers to talk about how to give power back to the Iraqis by finding a powerful leader the Iraqis know and respect. Not surprisingly, the only name President Bush could come up with was Saddam Hussein.Yesterday CNN admitted, this is shocking, admitted that they planted someone in the audience during the question and answer part of last weeks Democratic debate. Which explains why someone asked the question, Isnt Larry King hot?Rush Limbaugh spent the last few weeks at a rehab program. But now Rush says hes ready to head back to work. Hes going back. Yeah, apparently, Rush apparently, Rush first realized he had a problem with drugs when he said something nice about Hillary Clinton.Just about a half hour ago, the US Senate finished a marathon session on judicial nominees that lasted 30-straight hours. 30-straight hours. Yeah. In fact, around 5:00 AM, Ted Kennedy was so tired, he put his head down on several desks.The Bush Administration announced that it is starting its own news channel in Iraq so they can deliver the Administrations point of view without any interference. Not surprisingly, theyre going to call it the Fox News Network.Theyre furious over in England over President Bushs visit. He visited the country and theyre all getting upset. And in fact -- this is the latest -- in a speech, the Mayor of London described President Bush as -- and this is a quote - The greatest threat to life on this planet. ... Yeah, after hearing this, President Bush said, Thats ridiculous, what about Godzilla?The other day in LA, Madonna held a fundraising party for former General Wesley Clark. Thats right. And actually, when you think about it, Madonna and General Clark have a lot in common. They both had thousands of soldiers under them.President Bush is staying at Buckingham Palace this week, and today, thousands of English protesters gathered outside the gates to protest. A lot of English protesters. Yeah, fortunately, the protesters quickly dispersed when guards fired a toothbrush into the crowd.In Iraq right now, US troops are launching no-holds-barred attacks on opponents by targeting and raiding their homes. Thats the new strategy, were targeting and raiding the homes. Yeah. Yeah, the Iraqis are furious: Theyre treating us like were Michael Jackson.Last night in London, President Bush had dinner at Buckingham Palace with Queen Elizabeth and the Prince of Wales. Thats right. Yeah, and apparently, everything was going fine until the President told the Prince of Wales, I loved Free Willy.President Bush is back in the US after his trip to England. He said he was looking forward to getting back to loved ones - like the reporters at Fox News.This years parade featured a giant Uncle Sam balloon -- a giant Uncle Sam balloon for the first time in 60 years. Isnt that amazing? First time in 60 years. Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately -- unfortunately, halfway through the parade, the Uncle Sam balloon accused the Pikachu balloon of being an evildoer.President Bush continued a White House tradition, and he pardoned the Thanksgiving turkey. Pardoned it. Yeah, thats a nice thing to do. Yeah, immediately afterwards, Michael Jackson hired the turkeys lawyer.Early today, President Bush met with the Premier of China. This is big. Isnt this nice? Yeah, apparently, the Chinese Premier asked Bush to loosen trade restrictions and Bush asked the Premier if he was Jackie Chan.Earlier today, Al Gore endorsed presidential candidate Howard Dean instead of endorsing his former running mate, Joe Lieberman. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, when asked why, Gore said, I could never endorse Lieberman, he supported Al Gore.Yesterday, President Bush signed a new bill that will overhaul Medicare. Yeah. ... Afterward, the President called the bill the greatest victory for Americas seniors since JAG moved to Friday night.You all probably stayed up late last night and watched the big Democratic debate, huh? You dont even know what Im talkin about. Exactly. Well, you missed out, cause one of them married Trista last night.During last nights debate, Howard Dean was the only candidate -- the only candidate to raise his hand when Ted Koppel asked, How many candidates think Howard Dean can beat President Bush? Yeah. Meanwhile, all eight candidates raised their hands when Ted Koppel asked, Who thinks I have the worst comb over ever?This week in Washington, President Bush attended a concert given by a newly reformed Iraqi symphony orchestra. Yeah, very nice. Yeah, it was a lovely evening of classical music, until President Bush asked them to play the theme from Bonanza.This week, the Pentagon announced that only -- only the countries that supported the United States in the war in Iraq can participate in rebuilding Iraq. Thats what they said. Yeah, among the eligible countries -- England, Spain and Halliburtonstan.Its being said by the White House that this year President Bush will be sending out 1.5 million Christmas cards - one million of which will start with Dear Santa.A liberal group called Babes Against Bush have released a nude calendar. Which might sound sexy, but Miss December is Madeline Albright.Everyone is still buzzing about the capture of Saddam Hussein. Thats still the big story. He was found in a six foot by eight foot hole that was covered with garbage, mice and spiders. A New York apartment like that could go for $6,000.During Saddams questioning he was said to be smug, curt and sarcastic. When he was asked to apologize he said he was just doing his impression of Donald Rumsfeld.The day after Saddams capture Howard Dean was supposed to give a major speech. At the last minute the speech had to be dramatically altered. The new title of the speech was Oh Crap!Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi denied that he had weapons of mass destruction and this was his quote. He said, We have not these weapons. Yeah. Yeah, in response, President Bush said, Oh, yes, have you.According to a poll in USA Today, Americans chose President Bush as the most admired man of 2003. Thats right. Most admired man. Good for him. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, the President narrowly beat out the guy in the Paris Hilton video.In California, thats a serious state. In California, a new beer is being sold called The Governator, in honor of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yeah, apparently, if you drink six of them, you start to talk just like Arnold.President Bush gave a big speech earlier today. Im sure you all saw it. Their silence was a yes.No, this is big. Earlier today, President Bush announced plans to create a permanent lunar space station. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, President Bush said if the lunar space station works out, then well build one on the moon.According to a new survey about the Democratic candidates for president, most of Howard Deans support comes from urban voters. Most of Wesley Clarks support comes from rural voters. Yeah. Yeah, the survey also revealed that all of Dennis Kucinichs support comes from his family.According to the latest polls -- this is interesting -- the race in Iowa between John Kerry, Howard Dean and Dick Gephardt could end in a three-way tie. Isnt that amazing? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, political experts say there hasnt been a three-way in politics since Bill Clinton.Carol Moseley Braun announced that she was dropping out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination. Dropping out. Yeah, Braun said shes dropping out cause I dont want to be remembered as the person who stopped Dennis Kucinich from finishing last.According to a brand-new study, most Americans under 25 get their information about politics from the Internet. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, which may explain why the Democratic frontrunner is Senator You-Can-Add- Inches-To-Your-Penis.Last night, of course, Iowa caucus, yall followed this. Howard Dean came in a disappointing third place. Third place. Yeah. Yeah, afterwards -- afterwards Dean said, Iowa is behind me. Now Im looking forward to going to New Hampshire and screaming at voters there.That was crazy last night. He was like the Incredible Hulk last night.Yesterday in the Iowa caucuses, Democratic candidate Dennis Kucinich got only 1% of the votes. 1%, yeah. Yeah, apparently Kucinich knew he was in trouble when he saw a sign that said, You must be this tall to win the Iowa caucus.While most TV channels were covering President Bushs State of the Union address, the Cartoon Network aired Pokemon. Thats true. Thats true. True story. Everyone else showed the address. The Cartoon Network showed Pokemon. True story. Yeah, but dont worry. President Bush has TiVo.Political experts say Democratic Senator John Edwards did well in Iowa because he emphasizes optimism and kindness. Yeah, it doesnt always work though. Today, Edwards tried to kiss a baby, but it turned out to be Dennis Kucinich.Last night, during the Democratic presidential debate, Howard Dean started off by apologizing to the crowd for having a cold. Yeah. Yeah, then John Kerry apologized for once having a cold while serving his country in Vietnam.Man, seven primaries today. I hope you all went out and voted in each and every one.True story -- Al Sharpton campaigned in South Carolina, and friends say that Sharpton got angry when he drove past the house and saw a jockey statue on the front lawn. He got mad. Yeah, then the statue moved, and he realized it was Dennis Kucinich.Yesterday, on the campaign trail, former General Wesley Clark brought on stage a man who saved his life in Vietnam. Yeah. Yeah, the stunt may have backfired on Clark, because the man was John Kerry.Earlier today, California first lady Maria Schriver announced that she has decided to quit her job as an NBC reporter. Shes leaving. Yeah, Schriver said she quit her job so she can devote all her time to figuring out what the hell her husband is saying.Yesterday, after performing poorly in all of the primaries, Senator Joe Lieberman decided to drop out of the race. He dropped out. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, Lieberman said, I knew I was in trouble when the Jewish guy in North Dakota didnt vote for me.Both John Kerry and Wesley Clark are making campaign appearances with the men who saved their lives in Vietnam. Thats what theyre doing. Meanwhile, President Bush is going to campaign with a man who once took a math test for him.In a recent interview, First Lady Laura Bush said that the Janet Jackson breast incident bothered her very much. Yeah, the First Lady said, I think its unfortunate that children and the President had to see that.Tough week for the Democratic candidates, very tough this week. John Edwards got caught trying to bring a pocketknife through airport security, and Wesley Clarks motorcade got stopped for speeding in Oklahoma. Thats true. Yeah, in a related story, Howard Dean cant get arrested.Yesterday, the key witness in the Martha Stewart trial testified that Martha is nasty, rude and arrogant. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, Marthas lawyer immediately jumped to his feet and shouted, Duh!Yesterday, a 27-year-old woman came forth to deny rumors that she had an affair with the Democratic frontrunner, John Kerry. Yeah. Yeah, the woman added, I would never cheat on Bill Clinton.Earlier today, President Bush was scheduled to appear at an event in Louisiana with hundreds of National Guard troops. Yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, Bush said he went, but no one can remember him being there.Today in the Oval Office, President Bush said hes troubled by all the gay weddings that have been going on in San Francisco. Yeah. Yeah, Bush says hes also troubled by Bert and Ernies relationship on Sesame Street. It bothers him.President Bush backed away from his earlier claim that the economy will create 2.6 million jobs this year by saying, Im not a statistician. Thats what he said. Yeah, then Bush said, Actually, Im an Episcopalian.Today, the head of the AFL-CIO endorsed John Kerry, saying, The time has come to unite behind one man, one leader, one candidate. Yeah. Then he said, Until we find that man, we will endorse John Kerry.It was reported today that the advertising firm thats been hired to produce ads for President Bushs campaign is the same firm that came up with the Taco Bell chihuahua. True story, yeah. Yeah, which explains why, in his new ads, President Bush says, Yo quiero another term.Of course, Howard Dean ended his campaign for president this week, but so far, he has refused to endorse another candidate. Yeah. As a result, Dean received thank you notes from both John Kerry and John Edwards.President Bush said gay marriage is immoral and heterosexual marriage must be defended. Thats what he said. Yeah, said it was immoral and heterosexual marriage must be defended. You can tell Bush is serious because he said the new axis of evil is Cher, Bette Midler, and Clay Aiken.Earlier this week -- very exciting -- consumer activist Ralph Nader announced he would run for president. Yeah, Ralph Nader. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard about it, Dennis Kucinich was furious and said, Hes going to steal my voter away.Yesterday, President Bush announced he would support a constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage. Yeah. Yeah, Bush said its wrong for two men to publicly express their love, unless theyre trying to get into a fraternity.Presidential hopeful John Edwards is being criticized for patting a wheelchair-bound voter on the head. Pat on the head, yeah. Edwards apologized, saying, I should have put the bumper sticker somewhere else.Yesterday, the city of Washington, DC issued a warning that their tap water may not be safe to drink. Yeah, not only that, President Bush accused the water of being gay.Earlier today, a disturbed man jumped the fence at the White House and raced across the lawn before being tackled by security. Yeah, not surprisingly, it was Howard Dean.During last nights debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other that some political experts think the may end up running together. Yeah, in fact, Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage.Today was Super Tuesday, where ten states got to vote on who should be the Democratic nominee. Yeah. As expected, the winner in all ten states was The Lord of the Rings.Speaking of Super Tuesday, while campaigning the last couple of days, John Edwards was repeating his key phrase, There are two Americas. Unfortunately for Edwards, neither one voted for him.Earlier today, President Bush said that he believes that Senator Kerry will be a tough and hard-charging opponent. Yeah, yeah. Which explains why Bushs nickname for Kerry is Math.The mayor of a small town in New York is facing criminal charges for illegally performing gay marriages. Yeah, yeah. If convicted -- if convicted, he could face up to a year in jail, where he will enter into his own gay marriage.Yesterday, more than 800 gay men, 800 gay men staged a protest at City Hall in New York to demand gay marriages. Yeah. Apparently, the protest had to be cut short when everyone decided to put on a Broadway show.Yesterday, over 20 members of Iraqs Governing Council made history by signing a temporary constitution. Isnt that good? They signed it. I think this is good. Yeah. Yeah, President Bush said hes thrilled because, although the constitution isnt perfect, it does ban gay marriage.This is a weird story, this week the CIA, the Central Intelligence Agency, announced that theyve asked Alias star Jennifer Garner to tape a CIA recruitment video. Yeah. Yeah, which is fine, but they also asked Jerry Orbach to look for Osama bin Laden.Yesterday, right-wing Attorney General John Ashcroft had surgery to remove his gall bladder. Yeah, hes doing fine, yeah. The doctor said the surgery was difficult because Ashcroft refused to take his clothes off.Former President Clinton is in the news. He says yeah, he says he hopes President Bush and John Kerry can have a smart, rigorous campaign without childish name calling. Yeah, in response, President Bush said, Its okay with me if its okay with poopy pants.President Bush launched a new wave of attack ads against John Kerry where he accuses Kerry of being, wrong on taxes and wrong on defense. Thats what he said, yeah. Yeah, John Kerry responded with an ad that says, George W. Bush, wrong on his SATs.Yesterday the California Supreme Court ordered that the city of San Francisco must stop marrying gay couples. They said they gotta stop. Not because of legal problems, theyre just running out of size 15 heels.A 96-year-old woman is facing charges of possessing crack cocaine. 96. Yeah. Police say the woman could get 30 days, or life in prison, whichever comes first.It was reported today that John Kerrys hoping to raise $80 million before the Democratic convention. Thats a lot of money. Yeah, Kerry has two ways to raise the $80 million -- soliciting Democratic donors, and going through his wifes purse.This week, John Kerry has been meeting with African American leaders, trying to figure out ways to appeal to black voters. Yeah, which makes sense. Unfortunately, President Bush released a new attack ad accusing Kerry of trying to cut bling-bling.In order to get her sentence reduced, Martha Stewart has asked all her friends to write her judge and tell them good things about her. Thats true. Yeah, as a result, Martha is expected to get life in prison.In Arkansas, a house that former President Clinton lived in for about three years is up for sale. Yeah, not surprisingly it was a womens sorority.Yesterday, in California, John Kerry made a speech announcing a plan to control gas prices. After hearing this, President Bush said, Thats crazy, only Dick Cheney can control gas prices.Last night, John Kerry appeared on MTV. And he tried to appeal to MTV viewers by saying that he is fascinated by rap and hip-hop. Thats what he said. Yeah, then he added, Some day I hope to meet them both.Several reporters have asked Dick Cheney to release his entire medical records, cause they say voters are concerned about his health. Yes. Cheney says he wont release his entire medical records, just volumes 1 through 30.Several Democrats started criticizing John Kerry because of all the time off hes been taking from the campaign. Hes getting some flak, yeah. Yeah, Kerry couldnt be reached for comment because he was having lunch with Omarosa.In a speech, earlier this week, Senator Ted Kennedy said that Iraq was President Bushs Vietnam. Thats what he said. And when he heard about it, President Bush said, Thats not true. I went to Iraq.President Bush held a press conference earlier tonight, and as a result, the Fox network had to postpone American Idol. Yeah, some American Idol fans were confused, kept calling in to vote for the old white rapper.President Clintons almost done with his autobiography, and apparently, hes been calling up friends and reading them passages. Yeah, friends say every chapter begins, There once was a gal from Nantucket.Earlier today, the White House released President Bushs tax return. Yeah. Not surprisingly, under dependents, the President listed Iraq.At his press conference last night, President Bush said he could not remember a single mistake he had made in the last two years. The presidents exact quote was, I aint made none mistakes never.In his testimony before the 9/11 Commission today, CIA Director George Tenet said it would take another five years to have the kind of intelligence service our country needs. Yeah, thanks for letting everybody know that. Good job! Were defenseless for five years!This week, President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney released their tax returns. Cheney made more money than the President. Yeah, when asked about it the President said, Thats true, but he also made more decisions.Its Saddam Husseins birthday today. Yeah, you know youre having a bad year when your birthday wish is to be back in a spider hole.Volkswagen announced this week that its trying to sell 10% of its ownership to an Arab government. Yeah. A spokesperson for the company said, We think Jews need one more reason not to buy a VW.Today President Bush and Dick Cheney appeared together before the 9/11 Commission. Thats the big story. Yeah. Afterwards, when reporters asked President Bush how it went, Cheney said, Just fine.Today in New Mexico, Senator John Kerry spent the day reading childrens books to a group of kindergarteners. Yeah, after hearing about it, President Bush said, Showoff!Earlier this week, Bill Gates agreed to pay an $800,000 fine for violating the rules of a stock purchase. On the bright side, in the time it took the judge to say the words  $800,000, Gates made $4 million!Secretary of State Colin Powell says he may not serve a second term if President Bush is re-elected. Powell is angry that after four years, Bush keeps mistaking him for Cuba Gooding Jr.The Disney Company is blocking the distribution of Michael Moores new documentary, because it criticizes President Bush. Yeah, when asked if the block has anything to do with the tax break Disney wants from Florida Governor Jeb Bush, a spokesman for Disney said, Its a small world after all.Donald Rumsfeld testified before Congress today. I dont know if you watched that. Okay, uh...no, Donald Rumsfeld said -- this is what he said. He said he didnt read the report on Iraqi prisoners, because it was too long and contained too much information. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Hey, thats my line.In a new interview, an Iraqi who worked closely with Saddam Hussein said that despite what has been reported, Saddam only had one body double. The surprising part is, it was Burt Reynolds.More fallout over the prison scandal in Iraq. Over the weekend British Prime Minister Tony Blair apologized for the incident. Apparently some of the prisoners were given British food.In a recent interview, Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle said that American politics is becoming meaner and meaner. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, top Republicans said, Daschle makes a good point for a guy whos ugly and probably gay.Donald Rumsfeld told senators that the Geneva Convention on prisoners rights applies in Iraq, but not for prisoners held in Guant namo Bay. Thats what he said, yeah. When asked what the difference was, Rumsfeld said, Nobody has pictures of Guant namo Bay.Rumsfelds having a very rough week. People are calling for him to step down. In fact, yesterday Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told reporters that he has stopped reading the newspaper. After hearing this, President Bush said, Thats too bad. Hes missed a couple of pretty good Marmadukes.Rumsfeld keeping busy, though. Earlier today, Donald Rumsfeld flew to Baghdad and made a surprise visit at Abu Ghraib prison. Its true. Yep. Apparently the visit went really well until Rumsfeld got out his camera, and said, How about a few pictures?Earlier today, President Bush delivered a commencement speech at a university in Wisconsin. Very nice, yeah. Very inspirational speech. Apparently, Bush told the students, You can do anything in life if your parents work hard enough.A Bush Administration official told Congress yesterday that the war in Iraq could cost almost $60 billion. $60 billion. Yeah, President Bush said he plans to pay for it with a video series called, Prison Guards Gone Wild.Gay marriages become legal in Massachusetts next week. And, as a result, lots of wedding planning companies and florist shops have opened there. Yeah. Its true. Thats what they said in the paper, yeah. Unfortunately, gays in Massachusetts dont have time to get married now, cause theyre too busy working at the wedding planning companies and florist shopsIts been reported that California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger gets his nails done twice a month at a salon in Beverly Hills. Yeah, when asked why, Arnold said, Nobody likes to be groped by dirty fingernails.This week, the government of China announced they have cancelled plans to put a man on the moon. A spokesperson for China said, Sorry, but we only deliver within a 100,000 mile radius.Earlier today, John Kerry met with independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader. They had a meeting, yeah. Afterwards, Kerry said, The meeting with Nader didnt go as well as I had hoped, because my gun jammed.Earlier today, President Bush met with the prime minister of Greece. True story, yeah. Yeah, in the meeting, Bush praised the Greek people, saying, You gave the world Plato, which I once ate a can of.NBC announced that next Monday, they will be replacing Fear Factor with a live speech by President Bush. Yeah, as a compromise to NBC, President Bush will deliver the speech while bungee jumping into a vat of roach dung.According to USA Today, John Kerrys campaign now has $28 million in the bank. Yeah, after hearing this, Mrs. Kerry said, That is so cute.President Bush said that by June 30th, the Iraqis will be able to govern themselves. Thats what he said. Yeah, not only that -- President Bush said that by June 30th, hell be able to pronounce Abu Ghraib.Shrek 2 made more than $128 million in its first week. Yeah. In a related story, John Kerry asked Shrek to marry him.Out of respect to Ronald Reagan, John Kerry, did you know this? John Kerry suspended his presidential campaign for the week. True. Yeah, unfortunately for Kerry, no one could tell.NBC announced that during the summer Olympics, theyre going to set a new record by airing over 1,200 hours of coverage. 1,200 hours. 1,200 hours, yeah. Which is amazing, cause thats ten hours longer than the coverage of Reagans funeral.Even Nancys like, Enough! Move it along!This Sunday on 60 Minutes, former President Clinton discusses his problem with infidelity. Yeah, yeah. At one point Clinton says Its a shame you guys only have 60 minutes. It should be on 48 hours.Hundreds of people, hundreds, waited outside the Barnes & Noble in the pouring rain for a chance to meet Bill Clinton. Yeah, when asked if she minded the rain, one woman said, Im meeting Bill Clinton. I just assumed my dress would get ruined.Oprah Winfrey asked former President Clinton if he had talked to Monica Lewinsky since their affair. Yeah. Clinton responded, Are you kidding? I didnt talk to her during the affair.Experts say by picking Peter Camejo, Nader is guaranteed to win the vote of Peter Camejo.Former President Clinton revealed that for two months while he was president, he slept on the couch. Thats what he said, yeah. Clinton also revealed that his nickname for Monica was The Couch.In a brand-new interview, Star Treks Jeri Ryan -- very sexy woman. -- claims that her ex-husband, whos running for the US Senate, tried to get her to have sex in public places. Yeah. When asked why he did this, her ex-husband said Cause I was married to Jeri Ryan!President Clinton has agreed to sign copies of his book at a Costco Shoppers Warehouse. Thats true. Hes gonna sign his book at a Costco Shoppers Warehouse. Yeah, Clinton said he loves Costco because he likes to be surrounded by giant cans and big jugs.Former President Clintons book is selling so well, this is true, its selling so well, that it has boosted sales of Hillarys book. Yeah, apparently, apparently reviewers are calling the two books great separate bedroom reading.Earlier tonight, Barbara Streisand and Neil Diamond sang together at a fundraiser for John Kerry. Barbara Streisand, Neil Diamond, yeah. As a result, experts say Kerry has a really good shot at winning the 1976 election.Last night on Larry King, former President Clinton said hes been married to Hillary for so long, he can just look at her and tell what shes thinking. Yeah, and usually shes thinking, You son of a bitch.Yesterday in the Senate -- you probably heard about this -- Vice President Dick Cheney got angry, really angry, at a senator and used the F word. Yeah, yeah. Not surprisingly, the F word for Cheney is fibrillate.Its already getting nasty. After Kerry selected Edwards, the Republicans immediately denounced Edwards as disingenuous. Disingenuous, yeah. When he heard this, President Bush said, I didnt know the guy was a foreigner.Vice President Dick Cheney congratulated Edwards and said that he looked forward to a spirited campaign. Thats what Dick Cheney said. Yeah. In response, Edwards has hired someone to start his car every morning.The New York Post made a major mistake. They said Kerry had chosen Dick Gephardt. ... This is not the only major mistake the Post has made recently. Take a look at this headline right here: Dick Cheney wins New York marathon.It was reported today -- the fun facts are coming out -- reported today that John Kerry and his running mate John Edwards are together worth over half a billion dollars. True story. In fact, Kerry and Edwards are so rich, theyve decided to vote for the Republicans.The state of Oregon is considering a bill that would make it legal for medical personnel -- medical personnel to possess a pound of marijuana. Yeah, true story. In a related story, Snoop Dogg has enrolled in the Oregon school of nursing.Last night at a Democratic fundraising concert -- true story -- John Kerry played guitar while everyone on stage sang, This land is your land. Thats true. Yeah, then Kerry admitted that much of the land is actually his wifes land.According to USA Today, this week, President Bush met the 14-year- old boy who won this years national spelling bee. Yeah, nice. Yeah, the boys name is David Tidmarsh, or as Bush calls him, Mr. Smarty Know- It-All.In an interview in Esquire magazine, Donald Trump said if he were president, he wouldve caught Osama a long time ago. Thats what he said. Yeah, then somebody explained to Trump that Osama and Omarosa are not the same person.In a speech just the other day, President Bush called marriage between a man and a woman the basis of an orderly society. Thats what he said, yeah. Then Bush said, Unless the bride is Jennifer Lopez. All bets are off.Republicans in the Senate failed to get enough votes to pass an amendment banning gay marriage. Couldnt get it through. Yeah. Yeah, afterwards Republicans said, Were not giving up. If we cant ram it down their throats, well get it in through the back door.Its been reported that vice presidential candidate John Edwards drinks four diet Cokes every morning. Yeah, when asked why, Edwards said, Youd drink that much caffeine if you had to stand next to John Kerry all day.When John Kerry was a little boy -- did you hear this? He liked to play make-believe and pretend he was Robin Hood. Isnt that nice. Thats what he did as a little boy. Liked to pretend he was Robin Hood. Yeah, of course when Kerry played Robin Hood, instead of robbing the rich, hed marry the rich.This week, President Bush became the first US President to visit Michigans Upper Peninsula since William Howard Taft. William Howard Taft was the last one to do it. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Who are they?Yesterday, the diet company Slim Fast fired Whoopi Goldberg as their spokesperson after she appeared at a fundraiser and made vulgar comments about President Bush. Yeah, when asked about it, Slim Fasts president said, Were not firing Whoopi for her comments. We finally saw tape of her sitcom.It was just announced that Hillary Clinton will speak at the Democratic convention. And in fact, she will introduce her husband, Bill Clinton. Which means he will be introduced as that lying son of a bitch.The Department of Health and Human Services officially recognized obesity as a medical illness. It finally happened, yeah. Doctors say symptoms include shortness of breath, and wideness of ass.During a recent interview, Martha Stewart says that the business part of her wants to accept her guilty verdict and move on. But the personal part of her wants to appeal the verdict. Now, Martha said the third part of her wants to put the prosecutors balls in a food processor.Yesterday, Vice President Dick Cheney attended his 45th high-school reunion. Thats right. Not surprisingly during high school Cheney was voted most likely not to live to his 45th high school reunion.The other day, John Edwards attended a fundraiser at Disney Worlds Magic Kingdom. John Edwards, yeah. Unfortunately for Edwards, park officials kept coming up to him and asking where his mommy and daddy were.President Bushs daughter Jenna is campaigning with the President now. And today she stuck her tongue out at reporters. Yeah, President Bush was so furious at Jennas childish behavior, that he called her a doodie head.Yesterday at the White House, to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the moon landing, President Bush met with Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong. Isnt that nice? However, there was one awkward moment when President Bush said to Armstrong, You know, I hear youre doing great in the Tour de France.It was reported today that when Bill Clintons book was translated in China, the Chinese government added passages where Clinton praises Mao Tse Tung and the Chinese people. In fact, this is true, in the Chinese version, Clintons book isnt called My Life. Its called, Me Love You Long Time.Both President Bush and John Kerry campaigned in Davenport, Iowa, just a few blocks from each other. Isnt that weird? This allowed voters the chance to get scared to death or bored to death.The Bush Administration is receiving a lot of criticism because much of the information that led to this weeks terror alert is almost four years old. Thats right. You can tell that the intelligence is almost four years old because Homeland Security has almost solved Who let the dogs out.Yesterday, residents of Missouri voted overwhelmingly to make gay marriage illegal. Not only that, the people of Missouri also voted to change their nickname to the Dont Show Me state.This week, the Bush campaign unveiled its new slogan. The new slogan is, Weve turned the corner, and were not turning back. Thats the slogan. Yeah. This replaces their old slogan, Do what Dick Cheney says, and nobody gets hurt.According to CNN, many people along the campaign trail are now coming up to Teresa Kerry and telling her to keep speaking her mind. Not surprisingly, they all work for the Bush campaign.Yesterday, President Bush tried to appeal to voters in Iowa by peeling a raw ear of corn and eating it. Afterwards, Bush said, Thats the worst banana Ive ever tasted.A lot of Republican delegate are going to Broadway shows, yeah. When asked about it, a spokesperson for the Republicans said, A lot of us are curious to see what gay people look like.The Secret Service tackled a man at Madison Square Garden because he was screaming profanities and running towards Vice President Dick Cheneys seat. Yeah. Afterwards, the Secret Service said they never realized Michael Moore could move so fast.Many people in Britain are upset because last night at the Republican convention, Rudy Giuliani compared President Bush to Winston Churchill. Not only that, President Bush was upset because he has no idea who Winston Churchill is.Governor Schwarzenegger stopped at a firehouse, and he praised the firefighters for quote, this is an exact quote, The balls you have to do the jobs you do. ... Then, so, he didnt appear sexist, Schwarzenegger told the female firefighters they had nice hooters.During his speech last night at the convention, Arnold Schwarzenegger led the crowd in a chant of four more years. ... Actually, Arnold said, Fire more ears.Earlier today, protesters made it inside the Republican convention and started taking off their clothes. Republicans said it could have been a lot worse. One of the naked protesters could have been Michael Moore.Earlier this week, the Republican Party held a reception for black Republicans. Yeah, apparently, the reception was a big success. They both showed up.Actor Ron Silver is reportedly very worried that speaking the other night at the Republican convention could end up hurting his career. Then someone explained to him that being Ron Silver is whats hurting his career a little bit.Last night at a New York bar -- this is true -- a group of reporters were told to move out of their seats so President Bushs daughters could sit down and have a drink. Yeah, yeah, not because theyre the daughters of the President, but because theyre regulars.According to a new poll, okay, most women would rather sleep with President Bush than John Kerry. However, most women said they would sleep with John Kerry if they were having trouble sleeping.Republicans in town for the convention have been going to see The Lion King on Broadway. Its true. Yeah. Yeah, in order to make the Republicans more comfortable, producers went through the script and replaced the word Africa with Connecticut.Earlier today, Vice President Dick Cheney delivered a speech at the Republican Jewish Coalition. Theres a Republican Jewish Coalition. Yeah, not surprisingly, the group is made up entirely of Cheneys cardiologists.After his speech last night, Dick Cheneys entire family came on stage with him, except for his lesbian daughter, Mary. When asked why, Mary said, Im sorry, I just dont like to be anywhere near Dick.Yesterday, former President Clinton underwent successful quadruple bypass surgery. Quadruple bypass -- yeah. Or, as Clinton calls it, a four- way.Yesterday on the campaign trail, John Kerry -- listen to this -- he said that President Bushs middle initial stands for wrong. Yeah, in response, President Bush said, My middle initial isnt R.During a speech yesterday, Dick Cheney said if John Kerry is elected president, America will face another attack. Thats what he said, yeah. Then Cheney said, But if Bush wins, Ill call it off.Since Bill Clintons operation -- true story, the number of patients complaining of similar chest pains has increased dramatically. Doctors are calling the trend the Bill Clinton Syndrome. Thats true. Yeah. Before the operation, the Bill Clinton Syndrome was characterized as a burning sensation in the groin.Its been reported that a record made by a band that John Kerry was in during college has been bought for $2,500. Yeah. Meanwhile, the White House said that President Bush was in a college band, but that all the records have been lost.Vice President Dick Cheney denied he said that if John Kerry were elected, the US would have a terrorist attack. Yeah, Cheney explained, What I actually said was that if Kerry were elected, I would have a heart attack.Former President Clinton is expected to be released from the hospital and hell be allowed to go home. ... Clinton was excited about it and said, I never thought Id be this eager to put my pants on.President Bush said, It is critical, -- this is a quote - It is critical that the president of the United States speak clearly and consistently. Yeah, immediately afterwards, Bush resigned the presidency.The White House called the producers of the Today Show and asked them not to air any more interviews with the author of a new book thats critical of President Bush. ... I guess the White House means business, because at the end of the call, they said, Do as we say, or youll be asking, Where in the world is Matt Lauer?Martha Stewart announced that she wants to serve her prison term as soon as possible, and she wants to serve it in Florida. And when they heard about it, Florida residents said, You know, were getting really tired of fleeing the area.This is the latest news, that 18,000 people have sent a petition to President Bush, asking him to pardon Martha Stewart. Yeah, not surprisingly, all the signatures were from prisoners.This week, a law banning the sale of assault weapons expired, which means, I cant believe this, its now legal to buy Uzis and AK-47s. Yeah, the NRA said, Finally, Americans can protect their loved ones from up to 200 burglars at once.Democrats are saying that President Bush is refusing to take part in a town hall debate with John Kerry, cause Bush is worried about the questions the audience will ask him. After hearing this, the President said, Thats ridiculous. Im not worried about the questions, Im worried about the answers.CBS admitted that the documents they aired about President Bushs National Guard duty were forged. As a result, CBS is now planning to drop the letter C.In his recent speeches, John Kerry has been talking more about religion and God. Yeah, yeah. True. Apparently, Kerry keeps saying, Oh, God, Im going to lose.Us Weekly says they knew something was fishy about Britney Spears wedding when they found out the wedding was performed by Dan Rather.The Bush and Kerry campaigns are still trying to decide on the debate format. Yeah, apparently, Kerry wants a town hall format, while Bush wants to do rock/paper/scissors.During a speech today, John Kerry said that the Bush Administration is so distracted that Osama bin Laden has become Osama bin Forgotten. Yeah, then Kerry introduced his new speech writer, 9-year-old Mikey Sullivan.49% of MTV viewers think the United States did the right thing by going into Iraq. 49%, yeah. The other 51% of MTV viewers said that Beyonces booty is off the hook.President Bush marked the opening of the American Indian national museum and he said, this is his quote, It will serve as a powerful reminder the spirit and vitality of American Indians. Yeah, then Bush said, So, which one of you is Tonto?CBS has been receiving a lot of e-mails asking them to fire Dan Rather. In fact, the only people who want to keep Rather on the air are Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings.Iraqs Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi thanked President Bush for liberating his country from Saddam Hussein. Yeah. Then Allawi said, Now, please dont make me go back there. Its a mess!Everybodys talking about all the ground rules that the candidates are insisting on for the Thursday debate. For example, John Kerry wants his podium to be tall enough so he can rest his hands, and President Bush wants his podium to be wide enough to hide Dick Cheney.During a speech this week, John Kerry suggested that if President Bush is reelected, he might bring back a military draft. Thats what Kerry said, yeah. When asked about it, President Bush said, Trust me. Even if I bring back the draft, theres plenty of ways to get around it.For the debates, USA Today said being likable is more important than being smart. ... Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Whew!Christina Aguilera has joined a campaign that encourages young voters to vote. When asked about it, Aguilera said, If I cant get teenage boys to pull a lever, no one can.President Bush won the coin toss before the debate, and as a result, at the end, he was allowed to have the last word. True story, yeah. Not surprisingly, the word was courageosity.I missed the debate. I watched Pimp My Ride.Last night was the first, the very first presidential debate, and it lasted a full 90 minutes. It was 90 minutes long. Yeah. Or, as President Bush calls it, three Sponge Bobs.No, during the debate, there were several tense moments when President Bush and John Kerry really when after each other. Not only that, Ralph Nader got into a heated discussion with the guy working the McDonalds drive-thru.Some political experts -- this is true -- say that Dick Cheney was at a disadvantage during tonights debate because Cheney is short, fat and unhealthy-looking. ... Yeah, the debates moderator made it worse when he introduced Cheney as the white Ruben Studdard.In a recent interview, an author whos writing a book about Dick Cheney, said that Cheney is misunderstood and is not a monster. Then the author admitted, Cheney told me if I didnt say that, hed eat my children.During the debate, John Edwards accused Dick Cheney of not being straight with the American people. Thats what he said. Yeah, and apparently, Cheney misunderstood, cause he started yelling, Who you callin gay?During last nights debate, there were four reporters for every person in the audience. Yeah, not only that, there were four paramedics for every Dick Cheney.Tomorrow night, President Bush and John Kerry will hold their second presidential debate on TV. Or as most Americans call it, game three between the Yankees and the Twins.The CIA just came out with a new report, and it says that Saddam Hussein was so fearful of the US that he used the phone only two times after 1990. Yeah, once to call his generals, and once to vote for Justin Guarini.Former President Clinton and his wife, Hillary, will be celebrating their 29th wedding anniversary this weekend. Isnt that sweet? Thats right. Yeah, Bill said its going to be a romantic weekend with dinner and a movie and then, later, hell give Hillary a call.The last time John Kerry did a town hall meeting -- true story -- a woman in the audience told him he was hot. Then, she told Kerry that she needs health care so she can afford a pair of glasses.Over half of adults in the United States say that they get their news about the presidential election from the Internet. Not surprising, the most popular website is Swift Boat Veterans for Paris Hilton.During the first debate, the audience couldnt ask questions. During the second debate, the audience could ask questions. And during tonights debate, the audience got to stay home and watch the baseball game.Bob Schieffer, the moderator of tonights presidential debate, says that, for the past couple of weeks, people had been coming up to him in airports and suggesting questions. Yeah, which explains why Schieffers first questions tonight was, Would you like to become a Hari Krishna?Today, the state of Ohio rejected Ralph Naders attempt to get on the ballot. Yeah, experts say this will hurt Naders chances of losing all 50 states.President Clinton plans to tape a phone message that will be sent to voters homes, urging people to vote Democrat. Hes gonna tape a phone message, yeah. Apparently, youll know its Clintons message because it start with, What are you wearing?Fox News commentator Bill OReilly is being sued for sexual harassment by a female co-worker. Apparently the last straw was when he changed the name of his show from the OReilly Factor to the Oh, Baby, Factor.The election is now only 19 days away. Thats right, 19 days. Which means in 19 days, the most annoying TV ads will be about that guy whos jellin like Magellan.Dick Cheneys wife, Lynne, was upset that John Kerry brought up their lesbian daughter. Upset. Yeah, she said, The only thing that upsets me more is that I brought up a lesbian daughter.John Kerry spent the day reaching out to voters that he calls persuadable. Meanwhile, President Bush spent the day reaching out to voters he calls persuady-ish.John Kerrys been accused of using bad grammar to appeal to uneducated voters. Cause yesterday, he stopped in a store, and asked, Can I get me a hunting license here? Yeah. After hearing about it, President Bush said, It should be, Can me get me a hunting license here.Former President Clinton says hes feeling better, and that every day he walks a mile from his house. Yeah, Clinton added that the hard part is sneaking back in without waking Hillary.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger says that after he gave his speech at the Republican convention, his wife, Maria Shriver, was so mad, she wouldnt have sex with him for 14 days. Yeah, yeah. Schwarzenegger said things got so bad, he had to call up Bill OReilly.Nickelodeon asked children who they would vote for in the presidential election. And the kids picked John Kerry. And President Bush was so angry, he told the kids that tonight theyll get a visit from the Boogey Cheney.Yesterday, one of Irans top leaders announced that he wants President Bush to win the election. One of the leaders in Iran, yeah. After hearing this, President Bush said, You know, for an evil doer, hes not such a bad guy.Former President Clinton sent an email to Democrats, saying there is so much riding on the outcome of this election. Its true. This is too bad. Clinton accidentally used his private email logon, Studcracker69.John Kerry went hunting for geese in Ohio, but President Bush said Kerry only did it for the photo-op. Yeah, the weird part is, Bush said this while wearing a flight suit while standing on the deck of an aircraft carrier.In Florida, voting in the presidential election started two weeks early. Senior citizens are already reporting problems with the voting machines. Yeah, apparently the seniors are confused because when they pull the lever, no quarters come out.Conservatives are very happy about the Bush victory. Yeah, when Bill OReilly heard about it, he said, I havent been this excited since -- well, you know.In his concession speech this afternoon, John Kerry said he is so grateful he wishes he could hug every one of his supporters. ... After hearing this, Ralph Nader said Actually, I was able to hug all of my supporters. One, two and three.During NBCs genius election coverage, a giant map of the United States was painted on the Rockefeller Center ice skating rink. ... The states were painted red when President Bush won -- blue when John Kerry won -- and yellow when Tim Russert had to relieve himself.Political experts said that this years Florida was Ohio. As a result, this years spring break is expected to suck.Marion Barry was elected overwhelmingly as a city councilman in Washington, DC. After hearing this Marion Barry said, Wait, arent I the same guy that was caught smoking crack?!When John Kerry called President Bush to concede the election, the call apparently lasted less than five minutes. And the phone call would have been even shorter, but for the first three minutes, President Bush was talking from the wrong end.In a speech yesterday, President Bush called his victory over John Kerry historic. ... The President said its the first time in history only 49% of Americans opposed my presidency.On election day, a young boy in the South was kicked out of a polling place because he was wearing a John Kerry T-shirt. Yeah, yeah, later, the child was led back in when they realized it was John Edwards.Twice as many people watched Tom Brokaws coverage of the election on NBC than watched the coverage on Fox News. Apparently, the ratings for fox news would have been higher, but Bill OReilly kept asking women if he could poll them.In a speech today -- this is the latest -- former President Clinton gave his two cents. He said -- this is a quote - Democrats shouldnt sit around and whine about the election. Thats what he said. Yeah. Yeah, instead, Clinton said Democrats should use the election as an excuse to ask for pity sex.Friends of John Kerry say he has been extremely depressed after losing the election this week. In fact, Kerry is so down; he hasnt been able to leave any of his houses.CBS aired the 38th annual Country Music Awards. Yeah, apparently, 51% of Americans watch the Country Music Awards, and the other 49% voted for John Kerry.The Washington Post reports that Ralph Nader is demanding a recount of all his ballots in New Hampshire. ... A New Hampshire official agreed and said, One, two. Yeah, its two.President Bush has selected Alberto Gonzales to be his new attorney general. Alberto Gonzales, yeah. Yeah, there was one awkward moment when Bush asked if he was related to Speedy Gonzalez.Controversial Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat passed away. In the Middle East, thousands of Palestinians showed their respect by flying flags at half-mast and throwing rocks underhand.Palestinians said an emotion farewell to their former leader, Yasser Arafat. Thats right. A spokesperson for the Palestinians said, We havent been this upset since last week.Bill Clintons presidential library opened yesterday, and it costs $7 to get in. Thats a fact, $7. Yeah, on the bright side, every night is ladies night.Earlier today in Washington, Vice President Cheneys wife, Lynn, lit the star on top of the national Christmas tree. ... There was an awkward moment when Cheney said, If you have any trouble with the electrical work, my daughter is a lesbian.President Bush announced that his nominee for Commerce Secretary is a former CEO at Kelloggs. Yeah. Afterwards, the President admitted, Maybe I shouldnt nominate people on an empty stomach.Syndicated radio host Don Imus was slapped with a lawsuit for calling his nanny a terrorist on his radio show. Yeah. Yeah, the nanny wants monetary damages and the destruction of the state of Israel.Yesterday, the Pentagon announced it would increase the number of US troops to 150,000. Yeah, not for Iraq -- for the next Pistons/Pacers game.Barry Bonds testified that he used steroids but didnt realize what they were. Yeah, Bonds said, I thought they were candy that gave you big muscles and made you impotent.Since Bernard Kerik withdrew his nomination to become secretary of Homeland Security, its been revealed that Kerik had a secret marriage, two mistresses, and worked for a mafia-related company. Yeah, as a result, Kerik has been given a role on Desperate Housewives.Yesterday, true story, former President Clinton was walking in Central Park when someone started shouting at him. And they screamed at him, You are an embarrassment to the office of commander and chief. Yeah, to which the President responded, Not now, Hillary.President Bushs daughter, Jenna, announced plans to teach at a public school in Washington,DC. As a result, the teachers lounge is adding a happy hour.This year at the White House -- true story -- the First Lady has had the staff put up 41 Christmas trees. Yeah. Yeah, 41. Yeah, or as President Bush said, One for each state.According to the White House -- this is true -- so far this year, President Bush has logged over 100,000 miles on Air Force One. Isnt that amazing? Yeah, even more impressive, President Bush has logged over 200,000 hours on PlayStation 2.This week, President Bush was chosen as Person of the Year by Time magazine. Not only that, Martha Stewart was chosen as Person of the Year by Doing Time magazine.Todays USA Today features an editorial by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld defending the war in Iraq. And you can tell it was written by Rumsfeld because the opening line of the editorial is, Shut your pie hole and listen!The University of Arkansas has bought the house where former President Clinton and Hillary lived in the 1970s and plans to turn it into a museum. The University also plans to buy the dog house where Clinton spent most of the 90s.President Bush announced today that he wanted to institute a test to ensure that high school students are reading at their grade level. ... Yeah, Bush said the program is necessary cause many students arent reading at their grade level -- theyre reading at a presidential level.Today, the White House announced that Ruben Studdard will be performing at one of President Bushs inaugural celebrations. Republicans say they chose Studdard cause hes one of the red states.Major League Baseball announced today its going to institute tougher steroid testing. For the first offense, players will receive a ten-game suspension, for the second offense, players will receive a batting championship.Its been reported that both John Kerry and Al Gore want to run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008. Yeah, Senator Hillary Clinton is furious, saying, Hey, its my turn to lose.President Bushs inauguration is going to cost $40 million, due in part to the huge security force. ... Security personnel will be on hand to keep people away from President Bush and to keep Dick Cheney away from the scallops wrapped in bacon.The Pentagon tried to develop a weapon that would turn enemy troops into homosexuals. ... Apparently the weapon is a cast album from the show Rent.Historians say the most commonly used phrase during inaugural addresses is, My fellow citizens. That is the most common phrase. However, the most common phrase during President Bushs speech is expected to be, My fellow United Statesers.The Secret Service announced that people attending President Bushs inaugural ceremony will not be able to bring coolers or alcoholic beverages. So in other words, the Bush twins will not be going.Yesterday, talk show host Jerry Springer called the war in Iraq immoral. Springer made the remarks while breaking up a fight between a hooker and a deadbeat dad.President Bush visited the national archives, and he was shown an original copy of the US Constitution. When Bush saw the Constitution, he said, Look, its that thing from Schoolhouse Rock.During President Bushs inaugural speech today, the President used the word freedom 27 times. Yeah. And 34 times, the President used the word okey-dokey.Vice President Dick Cheney got out of his limo and walked part of the way. Yeah, or as Dick Cheney calls it, My 2005 workout.President Bush is being criticized because his inaugural celebration cost $40 million. Yeah. When asked about it, the President said, Sorry, but my daughters insisted on an open bar.Yesterday, President Bushs mother, Barbara Bush, brought a camera to the inaugural festivities and was taking pictures the whole time. When asked why, Mrs. Bush said, Because my granddaughters wont remember any of this tomorrow.The turnout for the election in Iraq was higher than expected with 60% of Iraqis casting votes. Isnt that great? 60%, 60%, yeah. President Bush said dont worry. Once their democracy is as sophisticated as ours that number should drop to 40%.The mayor of Baghdad said hed like to erect a statue of President Bush in the middle of the city. Yeah, then the mayor of Baghdad said, Unfortunately, there no longer is the middle of the city.Senator Hillary Clinton fainted. Yeah, yeah, she fainted. Apparently Hillary fainted after she came home and found her husband alone.Historians say that most presidents have begun their State of the Union address by saying, The State of the Union is strong. Thats how they usually start it. However, President Bush started his speech a bit differently. He said, The State of the Union is Strongtastic. Then he wandered away.Yesterday on Good Morning America, First Lady Laura Bush said that Jenna Bushs new boyfriend is not a serious boyfriend. Yeah, yeah. Laura Bush described him as more of a drinking buddy.CBS announced that they would temporarily replace 72-year-old Dan Rather with 67-year-old Bob Schieffer. It is all part of CBS effort to attract younger viewers.Today, the White House announced that President Bushs personal chef is quitting his job. When asked why, the chef said, Theres only so much you can do with Spaghettios.President Bush unveiled his new budget proposals yesterday. They call for eliminating money for Amtrak. Yeah. Or as Bush explained it ? Choo choos go bye-bye.In his new book, baseball slugger Jose Canseco says he took steroids when he played for the Texas Rangers and that owner George W. Bush knew all about it. In response, President Bush said, Thats ridiculous. Ive never known all about anything.In an interview yesterday, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said shes always loved Beethoven. When he heard this, President Bush said, What a coincidence, thats my favorite movie, too.This week, the first Taco Bell opened in Iraq. Which means Iraq finally does have weapons of mass destruction.A guy pretending to be a journalist was able to get into a White House press conference and actually ask President Bush a question. Luckily, somebody recognized Geraldo and got him out of there.In a new book thats coming out, a top presidential historian ranks President Harding as the dumbest President of all time. After hearing this, President Bush said, Tonya Harding was President?Yesterday, a painting of dogs playing poker sold at an auction for $600,000. No word yet where exactly it will be placed in the White House.The US Navy just put a new sub named after Jimmy Carter into commission. The sub will be ineffective for four years, but then will be widely respected after its retired.President Clinton and wife Hillary were seen holding hands at a D.C. restaurant. Later, Hillary said that they werent holding hands but were actually arm wrestling, and that she won.People are already talking about the next presidential election. Theres stories all over about who might run. At a recent speech, a prominent Democrat said that Hillary Clinton should not run because she cant win. Immediately after the speech, Hillary told her husband to shut up.Over the weekend, Senator Hillary Clinton visited Iraq to boost morale. Yeah. Yeah, and apparently it worked because former President Clinton has never been in a better mood.This week the White House announced they are looking for a new chef. The candidate must be able to prepare formal dinners, serve meals to the President, and make a good choo-choo noise.In New Jersey, three mayors have been arrested by the FBI and accused of taking bribes. If convicted, they could be given 15 years in prison or 20 years in New Jersey.In a recent interview, Dan Rather says he doesnt mind being attacked because -- this is a quote ? The stronger the breeze, the stronger the trees. Then Rather said, What the hell am I talking about?And former President Clinton underwent surgery. He is expected to make a full recovery.The New York Post says that Chelsea Clinton got so drunk the other night at a New York bar she had to be helped outside by the bouncer. Yeah, afterwards, Chelsea said, Im sorry, but Im really competitive with the Bush twins.It was reported today that the United States Marines Corp is having difficulty meeting their recruiting quotas. I dont know why, but...no one wants to join the Marines these days. Yeah, in fact the new slogan is, The few, the fewer, the Marines.Governor Schwarzenegger may be in trouble. Its been reported that Arnold Schwarzenegger may go on trial this year for groping a reporters breast. Yeah. When asked about it, Arnold said, I didnt want to, but Barbara Walters kept insisting.Yesterday, President Bush met with Mexican President Vicente Fox at his ranch in Texas. Yeah. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush asked the Mexican president, How did you sneak in here?India is upset with President Bush because Bush has agreed to sell F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, which India doesnt want. And this could cause a problem because, if the US goes through with the sale, India says they will stop answering our computer questions.In New York, Federal agents busted a $12 million marijuana operation that was operating across the street from a public school. Police became suspicious when the schools bake sale raised $40 million.Yesterday, President Bush told reporters that even though his Social Security plan has hurt his popularity, he remains undeterred. Yeah. Then the President giggled and said, I said turd.Belgium has got President Bush really angry. In Belgium, government officials had to apologize because they recently compared President Bushs face to a chimps. The weird part is, they apologized to the chimp.Ted Koppel says that since hes announced hes leaving Nightline, hes gotten dozens of job offers. Yeah. And, in a related story, Dan Rather says that since leaving the CBS News, hes gotten thousands of thank you notes.President Bush flew to the Vatican today and he told reporters, this is nice, that he had tremendous respect for Pope John Paul II. Yeah. Then heres the bad part: Bush added, I was also a big fan of his dad, Pope John Paul I.It was reported today that Cuban leader Fidel Castro will not be attending the Popes funeral. Fidel Castro wont attend, yeah. Yeah, probably Castro wanted to attend, but he doesnt think his raft will arrive in time.Heres what happened when President Bush was shown on the giant TV screens during the Popes funeral today. The crowd at the Vatican booed. Yeah, when President Bush heard this, He asked what does boo mean in Italian?Executives at the Fox News Channel announced theyre going start a Fox News financial channel. Yeah, the Fox News financial channel will be different because whenever the stock market goes down, theyll blame it on Hillary Clinton.Its been reported that Governor Arnold Schwarzeneggers approval rating has dropped from 59% to 43%. Yeah, or as Arnold explained it, hes dropped from Terminator to Jingle All The Way.Earlier today, President Bush gave a speech to the American Society of Newspaper Editors. Thats right. Not surprisingly, the speech was titled, Thank You for Marmaduke.And according to this new poll, Laura Bushs popularity, the First Ladys popularity rating is 80%, which is very high, while President Bushs rating is down to 47%. Yeah, when she heard this, Laura said, Hey, its just like our grades in college.President Bush had a big news conference. Thats right. Bush discussed his plans for Social Security, the insurgency in Iraq and why holding hands with another man doesnt mean youre gay.A group of Arab Americans are suing Dennys cause the manager kicked them out and told them, We dont serve no bin Ladens here. Yeah, which is too bad, because if we really wanted to kill bin Laden, wed have him eat at Dennys.Yesterday, President Bush gave a speech in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, and he said, The path of freedom you have chosen is not easy, but you will not travel it alone. Apparently the Presidents speech was written by Yoda.The President today, President Bush met with six central American leaders to discuss the new Latin American trade agreement. Isnt that good? Yeah. That was good. Yeah, things got off to an awkward start when Bush introduced them as the band, Los Lobos.Yesterday, the White House and the Capitol building were briefly evacuated after a small plane drifted into restricted airspace. Yeah, things got very tense. Yeah, police chased down the plane and identified the pilot -- runaway bride, Jennifer Willbanks.President Bush was spotted carrying around a book, and he told reporters he started reading the book four months ago. Yeah. And, apparently, he still hasnt found Waldo.Its been reported that real estate prices in Baghdad, real estate prices in Baghdad have quadrupled in the last two years, which means that a 2,000 square foot home will now cost you $4.President Bushs nominee for UN Ambassador, John Bolton, is in danger of being rejected by the Senate because hes known for abusing subordinates and frequently losing his temper. Today President Bush announced his second choice, Coach Bobby Knight.President Bush met with former South Africa President Nelson Mandela. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Yeah, Mandela said that he was pleased to meet the President, while Bush said it was a thrill to finally meet Bernie Mac.Yesterday, Newsweek had to retract a story that suggested US interrogators flushed the Koran down a toilet and that story sparked riots around the world. So Newsweek had to give a retraction. A spokesman for Newsweek said, We didnt realize Muslim fanatics took their religion so seriously.Yesterday, voters in Los Angeles elected a new Mayor, Antonio Villaraigosa. Thats right. Yeah, voters admitted that they only voted for Villaraigosa because they wanted to hear Schwarzenegger pronounce it.The Senate finally reached a compromise to allow President Bushs candidates to be voted on without a filibuster. Everyones been talking about this. Yeah. Yeah. In a related story, President Bush still thinks a filibuster is a chocolate-covered peanut bar.We have an excellent show this evening. It will be some fine TV. And speaking of TV, everyone catch the American Idol finale last night? Yall see this thing? The crowd cheers, then an audience member boos. In response, OBrien says, Sounds like the Senate in here now. Yea! No! I say no! Boo!The paperback version...of president Clintons memoir just came out. And in it, President Clinton admits that the hardcover version may have been too long. ... Clinton admits his mistake in a new 200-page introduction.Ive got to mention this. Everyones outraged, but conservative groups are really outraged, over a new Carls Jr ad that features a bikini-clad Paris Hilton hosing down a car while eating a burger. Yeah. People are upset. ... Yeah, the ad is racy, but not as offensive as the ads Paris did for Oscar Mayer Weiner.Ive learned...from politicians that when you come out, if you point, it looks like youve got a lot of friends in the audience. Thats my new thing. It creates the subliminal impression that I have a lot of friends here. Instead of people who have no idea who the hell I am.Of course, its graduation season right now. A lot of commencement speeches out there. Yeah. Everyones giving commencement speeches. Earlier today, President Bush was scheduled to give the commencement address at the US Naval Academy. ... Unfortunately, was there a mix-up and Bush gave a 20-minute speech to the employees at an Old Navy.President Bush sent a congratulatory message to the new president of Azerbaijan. Yeah, Bush also wished the president of Azerbaijan good luck in his fight against Harry Potter.At a press conference yesterday, President Bush said -- this is interesting. He said hes learned a lot about what its like to live in Africa from U2s Bono. Thats what he said, yeah. The President also said hes learned a lot about what its like to live underwater from Spongebob.Earlier today, at the White House, President Bush met with the President of South Korea. Isnt that good? Yeah. Get some work done. Yeah, things got off to an awkward start when President Bush asked, Are you from the good Korea or the bad Korea?I dont know if youve heard about this, but President Bushs approval rating has dropped to its lowest point since he took office. Thats true, yeah. In fact, Bushs ratings are so low, hes been offered a show on NBC.Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, hes a fun guy, hes been in the news twice this week because twice hes made statements that conflicted with statements made by President Bush. Theyre disagreeing a lot. Yeah. And as a result, Rumsfeld had to back down and admit that Sponge Bob is way cooler than Pokemon.In Belgium, government officials had to apologize because they recently compared President Bushs face to a chimps. Yeah. The weird part is, they apologized to the chimp.Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was supposed to give a speech to Californias voters, but it was bumped so that Michael Jacksons verdict could be televised. So even the Governor, who was gonna give a speech, and they took it off the air. Yeah, Arnold was really upset and said, If I cant speak to the voters, how are they supposed to not understand me?According to the soldiers who are guarding Saddam Hussein, Saddam likes having Raisin Bran for breakfast, but hates Fruit Loops. Hates Fruit Loops, yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, President Bush said, He hates Fruit Loops? Hes more evil than I thought.Government officials in California now have to pay a $1 fine each time they use a word thats difficult for a taxpayer to understand. Isnt that weird? If they use a word thats difficult for a taxpayer to understand they have to pay $1 fine. In a related story, Governor Schwarzenegger now owes $50,000.Yesterday, President Bush announced that he has decided to visit Vietnam. Hes going to visit Vietnam. The President said, It must be a pretty nice place. I hear John McCain spent five years there.In a speech today, President Bush said that his economic plan would help Americans from all walks of life. Bush said, My plan will help you whether youre a billionaire or just a millionaire.Despite protests from conservatives this week, President Bush appointed an openly gay man as his assistant secretary of commerce. Yeah. Everyones talking about it. Yeah, Bush claimed that the gay man is perfect for the Commerce Department because, Those people love to shop.Yesterday, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld made the news. He testified before Congress, and Ted Kennedy called for Rumsfelds resignation. Asked him to resign, yeah. Yeah, this is interesting. This marks the first time Kennedy has ever come out against anything with rum in it.President Bush has agreed to meet with a bipartisan group of senators to discuss who he will appoint to the Supreme Court. Everyones wondering, yeah. The President says that, so far, he has it down to Judge Reinhold and Judge Judy.Earlier this week, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke about the dangers of global warming, yeah. Yeah, Schwarzeneggers exact words were, Fire, hot, bad.While in Scotland for the G-8 summit, hes there for the G-8 summit, President Bush fell off his bike and had to be treated for scrapes on his hands and arms. Yeah, yeah. The White House physician said the President will be fine and should be back on his Big Wheel in no time.Its hard to tip one of those, too. He got caught in the colored streamers.The International Olympic Committee shocked everybody when they chose London to host the 2012 Olympics instead of the front-runner, Paris, France. Everyone thought it was going to be Paris, France, and they didnt go that way, yeah. The French say this is their most embarrassing defeat since every single war theyve ever fought in.Well, the White House, the White House says President Bush is in no hurry to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court and he might take four weeks to make a decision. Four weeks, yeah. Yeah, which makes sense because it took him three weeks to pick his favorite Teletubby.Earlier today, the International Olympic Committee voted to eliminate baseball from the summer Olympics. Gone, yeah. When asked why, officials said, We simply dont have enough steroids for both baseball and track and field to go around.Today, Vice President Dick Cheney had a medical checkup. He received an electrocardiogram, an echocardiogram and a stress test. Yeah. In other words, he got what the doctors call the full Cheney.Earlier this week, Ralph Naders 2004 election coordinator was found guilty of election fraud. Ralph Nader, yeah. Yeah, apparently Nader didnt really get six votes, he got five.In a speech this week, Hillary Clinton compared President Bush to Mad magazines Alfred E. Newman. ... After hearing this, the President said, Finally a literary reference I understand.The White House today says President Bush is standing by his top adviser, Karl Rove, even though Rove apparently revealed the identity of a CIA agent. Yeah. However, the President says he will fire Rove if he reveals the ending to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.Yesterday, heres the latest, President Bush was asked if he would consider nominating someone to the Supreme Court who has never been a judge before, and he said, You bet. He said, You bet. Yeah. Then the President said the same thing when someone asked if he wanted to take the day off and play laser tag.President Bush went to Indiana today. Indiana, to try to reach out to the states black voters. Thats right. Apparently, Indianas black voters are divided. One likes Bush, but the other doesnt.The other day, former President Clinton played golf with Yankee manager Joe Torre. They play golf together. Yeah. Apparently, they spent most of the time trying to figure out whos a bigger pain in the ass, Hillary or George Steinbrenner.Theres also a report that Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day OConnor is now being urged not to retire. Yeah. In fact, Clarence Thomas told her, Please dont go. Youre so much hotter than Ruth Bader Ginsburg.Its so hot, Karl Rove is sweating.Earlier tonight, President Bush announced his nominee for the Supreme Court and get this, it was expected to be a woman from New Orleans. ... Yeah, which is surprising because experts say if he wanted a Southerner who sits around in a robe all day he should have picked Kevin Federline.President Bush announced that he has nominated Judge John Roberts to the Supreme Court. Yeah. And when asked why, Bush said he picked Roberts because he has one of the finest legal minds since Matlock.President Bush, speaking of the president, hosted a state dinner for the Prime Minister of India. Big state dinner, yeah. Yeah, and there was an awkward moment when Bush urged the Indian Prime Minister to clean his plate because there are people starving in his country.Parent across the country are furious because the video game Grand Theft Auto contains hidden sex scenes. ... Yeah, the parents say, We bought our kids Grand Theft Auto so they could be exposed to violent car jackings, not sex.Big story yesterday, Canada joined Spain by becoming one of the only countries to legalize gay marriage. True. Yeah. As a result, Canada and Spain are going to spend the weekend antiquing in Vermont.In Iraq, the US military wants to disperse angry rioters by using a new weapon called a microwave beam. A microwave beam theyve invented, yeah. Officials say the microwave beam works perfectly. The trouble is getting rioters to stand on a slowly revolving plate.Yesterday, President Bush had breakfast with his Supreme Court nominee, John Roberts. The two of them got together and had breakfast, yeah. Afterwards, Bush said hes never seen a better qualified candidate, while Roberts said hes never seen a grown man eat Count Chocula.In Iraq, this is the latest -- American helicopters are dropping teddy bears with tiny parachutes attached in order to improve relations with Iraqi children. ... However, the plan may have backfired, because Iraqi children now think that America is really gay.Today at White House, President Bush spoke to the astronauts who are orbiting the earth on the space shuttle Discovery. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Had a chat, yeah. Unfortunately, the astronauts couldnt hear the President because he was standing on the White House lawn with a megaphone.Baltimore slugger Rafael Palmeiro tested positive for steroids, a few months after telling Congress, I never took steroids, period. Yeah, then today, today, Palmeiro said, I meant to say I never took steroids, question mark.According to the New York Post, Michael Jackson is going to leave the country and move to the Middle East. ... Which means -- which means we finally figured out a way to strike back at al Qaeda.Yesterday, President Bush left for an extended vacation. President Bush is planning to relax and take it easy at his ranch for five weeks. Which is why President Bushs new Secret Service codename is Kevin Federline.It was reported today that an anti-Hillary Clinton Website has only been able to raise $12,000. Thats it. Yeah. When asked why, Bill Clinton said, Thats all I had.It was reported today that Baltimore Orioles slugger Rafael Palmeiro may be prosecuted for lying to Congress about using steroids. They may prosecute him. Yeah, and after hearing this, Palmeiro was furious and said, They can kiss my frequently injected ass.On Tuesday, President Bush left for a five-week-long summer vacation. But the White House insists its a working vacation. Yeah. Yeah, for instance, this morning the President worked on a model airplane and a fort made out of Legos.Earlier today at his ranch in Texas, President Bush met with the President of Colombia. The President of Colombia, yeah. At one point, the President of Colombia said, Can I use your bathroom? Those balloons I swallowed are killing me.Good news for NASA, good news for all of us about the space shuttle. Earlier today the space shuttle landed safely, even though bad weather forced NASA to reroute it from Florida to California. Isnt that nice? Thats good. Everyones safe. They were rerouted. Yeah. Not surprisingly, the shuttle crews luggage was sent to Atlanta.In a radio speech this week, President Bush said, this is a quote, I will not be satisfied until every American who wants to work can find a job. Yeah. Then, Bush went back to his five-week vacation.The Rolling Stones new album, did you hear this? Contains a song that criticizes President Bush. Yeah. This marks the first time, the first time the Rolling Stones have criticized a president since Millard Fillmore.In New York, Senator Hillary Clinton is being challenged for her seat by a female candidate. Yeah. Yeah, Hillary says shes looking forward to the election, while Bill Clinton says hes looking forward to the girl on girl action.Earlier today, President Bush signed a sweeping 1,000 page highway bill. Yeah. Officials got the President to read all 1,000 pages by calling it Harry Potter and the Highway Bill.In Crawford, Texas, President Bush met with his defense team and his foreign policy team. Yeah. Yeah, they briefed Bush on the state of global affairs, and he showed them how to pop a wheelie on a mountain bike.Tomorrow, Cuban leader Fidel Castro turns 79. Yeah. You can tell Castros getting older because hes thinking about retiring to Florida.Yesterday, the Israeli government began moving thousands of Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip. This is huge. Yeah. Yeah, and officials, officials say, once the area is cleared of all Jews, the land will be renamed Utah.This weekend, Lance Armstrong is going on a bike ride with President Bush. Lance Armstrong and President Bush are gonna go bike riding. Yeah, apparently Armstrongs mom called the Presidents mom and they set the whole thing up. Theyre gonna have a sleepover and make a tent and eat smores.This week, Israel began evacuating thousands of Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip. Its big. Yeah. As a result, the Jewish settlers will be forced to return to their traditional home, Miami Beach.Today, President Bush announced hes going to leave his ranch in Crawford, Texas to visit Idaho for two days. Yeah. However, Bush told his supports, Dont worry, I wont do any work there, either.According to a new survey, 40% of adults in Mexico, 40% of adults in Mexico say they would move to the United States if they got the chance. Yeah. Yeah, the number one would have been higher but the other 60% already live here.Seven cities in Texas are competing to be the future home of the George W. Bush presidential library. Thats right. President Bush. Or as President Bush plans to call it, My Learnin Shed.Officials are saying its gonna take 80 days -- 80 days to drain all the floodwater from Hurricane Katrina out of New Orleans. 80 days, yeah. And when he heard this, President Bush said, 80 days? Thats almost half a vacation.During an interview this week, Celine Dion criticized President Bush for the slow evacuation of New Orleans. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, Celine said, I could have driven everyone out of that city in two songs.Many Americans are calling on President Bush to fire the head of FEMA, Michael Brown, because of the slow response to the crisis. They want to fire him. Yeah. Unfortunately, due to the red tape, firing Brown will take six to eight months.The US government has chartered three luxury cruise ships to house families displaced by Hurricane Katrina. Theyre gonna put them on cruise ships, yeah. Because theres one thing those people want to see is more water.Democrats in California are trying to find a candidate to run against Arnold Schwarzenegger next year. Yeah, they want to run against Arnold. They think they can take him, yeah. Unfortunately, the only person whos as qualified as Arnold Schwarzenegger is Vin Diesel.We asked three celebrities to complete a phrase. Okay? Our first phrase was...I think FEMA is... FEMA head Michael Brown said, Doing the best job under tough circumstances. Jesse Jackson wrote, Woefully unprepared for the task at hand. George W. Bush wrote, A good name for a unicorn.The new chief justice of the Supreme Court should be... Rudolph Giuliani wrote, Conservative, but also rational. Al Gore wrote, Liberal, but also practical. George W. Bush wrote, FEMA the Unicorn.Earlier today, true story, the government of Mexico sent a Navy ship packed with food and supplies to help in the hurricane relief effort. Isnt that nice? A whole ship. Mexico sent a whole ship. Yeah. Yeah, reportedly its the largest shipment from Mexico to the United States since Snoop Doggs birthday.This week theres gonna be a New Orleans benefit concert in Madison Square Garden featuring Elton John, Rod Stewart, and Stevie Nicks. Thats a nice thing, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, apparently -- apparently, their plan to save New Orleans is to send it back to the 70s.Yesterday, a spokesperson for NBC said that rapper Kanye Wests recent comment that President Bush doesnt care about black people does not reflect the opinion of NBC. Yeah. Actually, its NBCs primetime line-up that suggests NBC doesnt care about black people.Just barely a week after Hurricane Katrina, another hurricane is brewing off the coast of Florida. Did you know that? Yeah, and apparently, theres a pretty good chance the hurricanes gonna be serious, cause this morning, President Bush left on vacation.Officials are warning Americans to be careful when they donate to the Hurricane Katrina funds, because several Websites on the Internet are scams. Thats true. Too bad, but theyre scams, yeah. Too bad. Yeah, apparently the funds to avoid are the ones that ask for a check and nude photos of your girlfriend.Earlier today, this is the big story. Michael Brown, the controversial head of FEMA, was relieved of his duties in New Orleans. They relieved him. Hes gone, yeah. Yeah, hes been told to report to Washington immediately, which means he should get there in about a week.Northwest Airlines became the first commercial airline to resume flights to New Orleans. Isnt that good? Yeah. Theyre flying to New Orleans. Very good. Yeah. Yeah. In order to prepare passengers for the disaster in New Orleans, the in-flight movie was Deuce Bigelow, European Gigolo.Yesterday, Michael brown, the head of FEMA, who was heavily criticized for his handling of the Katrina disaster, decided to resign. He stepped down. Yeah, people were mad. Yeah. Browns next job is overseeing NBCs fall lineup.Crazy day in Manhattan today. You people notice that today? Manhattans insane. Traffic was horrible in Manhattan today because 170 world leaders are in town for the anniversary of the United Nations. 170 world leaders. On the bright side, all 170 leaders were able to find a cab driver who spoke their language.Yesterday, at his confirmation hearing, Supreme Court nominee John Roberts said, quote, Good lawyers can argue any side of a case. Then Roberts said, No, they cant.During his testimony in front of the Senate today, this is the latest. Supreme Court nominee John Roberts said that his favorite movie is Doctor Zhivago. Isnt that nice? Doctor Zhivago is his favorite movie. President Bush said, I also loved Doctor Zhivago, especially the part where he talks to the animals.A group of scientists is very worried because -- this is serious. Because mice infected with bubonic plague have escaped and are on the loose in Newark, New Jersey. Thats true. Yeah, apparently, these scientists are worried for the mice.Yesterday the Federal Government asked the people of New Orleans not to return to the city because its still not safe. The latest, yeah. Then the government said the same thing to the people of Detroit, Cleveland and Newark.According to the latest polls, President Bushs approval ratings are at an all-time low right now. Yeah. In response the President said, Yeah, but my disapproval ratings are at an all-time high.The FBI is being criticized, right now, for having their priorities mixed up because this week they launched a huge investigation into the adult porn industry. Yeah. Its true. The FBI said, We think Osama bin Laden might be hiding out in the movie Butt Bandits 8.Yesterday, President Bush made his fifth visit to the area that received the most damage from Hurricane Katrina. In other words, the White House.In a speech today about Hurricane Rita, President Bush declared, This is a big storm. True. In a related story, the White House announced that President Bush has started writing his own speeches.This week, President Bush hinted that his next choice for a Supreme Court nominee could be a minority. Yeah. The President said it could be a Latino or it could be a Chinese-o.President Bush is about to nominate another judge for the Supreme Court. Republicans say he has it narrowed down to about 12 people, or as Bush says, all my fingers and two toes.Tom DeLay was indicted, and he was stripped of his congressional leadership powers. When asked what it feels like to lose all his power, DeLay said, I feel like a Democrat.Are there any other energy-saving tips for us? President Bush: All you Americans out there, you can also save a ton of electricity if you just dont watch the news. Please.In a speech earlier this week, President Bush asked Americans to conserve gas by stopping nonessential travel. Then the President flew to Hawaii to make the same speech.President Bush defended his Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers, calling her plenty bright. Not only that, the President also said that Miers has real purty hair.Yesterday, Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers told reporters, this is a quote, President Bush is the most brilliant man Ive ever met. Thats a quote, yeah. Actually, the entire quote was, President Bush is the most brilliant man Ive ever met who still eats paste.The White House is denying a report from the BBC that claims that President Bush said God told him to invade Iraq. Yeah. Hes denying it. President Bush denied the report and said, Thats not true. I invaded Iraq because Batman told me to.This week, this is terrible, this week in California, the mansion that was used as Batmans house in the original Batman TV series burned down. Yeah, when he heard about it, President Bush said, This time the Jokers gone too far.According to the latest poll, this is interesting, only 2% of African-Americans think that President Bush is doing a good job. 2%. Yeah. Probably the percentage would have been higher, but Condoleezza Rice has a small family.A lost manuscript by the composer Ludwig von Beethoven has been discovered, and its gonna be sold for over $1 million. Absolutely. Yeah. When he heard that Beethoven had written a manuscript, President Bush said, Man, that dog can do anything.Tonight on 20/20, Barbara Walters interviews the new King of Saudi Arabia about womens rights. Walters asked why the King doesnt let women drive cars. Yeah. The King answered with two words: Lindsay Lohan.Tomorrow in Iraq, Saddam Husseins trial finally begins and one Iraqi said, We hope we see Saddam cut to pieces and spread among the families. To show you how bad things are, that was one of Saddams lawyers.Over the weekend, speaking of Iraq, Iraq held an election to approve their constitution. Some Iraqis claim the voting was fixed and the provinces of Nineveh and Diyala, which, by the way, are the Iraqi words for Ohio and Florida.This week, the US government announced it would not accept more than 300,000 meals donated to Hurricane Katrina victims by the British. Not going to accept the British meals. Yeah, yeah. A spokesperson for the US government explained the Katrina victims have suffered enough.Saddam Husseins trial began today, and during the proceedings, Saddam refused to identify himself. Yeah, luckily everyone recognized him from that time he ran the country for 25 years.Saddam Husseins trial was televised live and, of course, many Iraqis were glued to their TV sets. Yeah. Mainly, because years ago, Saddam had them glued to their TV sets.In New Jersey, legislators are trying to pass a bill that would ban smoking while driving a car. Yeah. The lawmakers say if New Jersey drivers want to inhale polluted air, they should just roll down the window.Hurricane Wilma is hitting parts of Florida, and many residents are getting out of there as fast as they can. Yeah. Apparently, some of the Florida residents are driving at speeds as high as 35 miles an hour.In a press conference today, President Bush said that he and Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers share the same judicial philosophy. Yeah. When asked what that philosophy was, Bush said, He who smelt it, dealt it.Earlier today, former President Clinton appeared in New York City to launch a campaign against obesity. Yeah. Not surprisingly, Clintons campaign is called, No Fat Chicks.The Washington Post reports that morale is so bad at the White House, that Vice President Dick Cheney has been giving the staff pep talks. Yeah. You know things are bad when Dick Cheney is the most cheerful guy in the room!If Judge Alitos confirmed -- this is an interesting fact -- if hes confirmed, there will be two sitting Supreme Court justices from New Jersey. Very good. Yeah. Experts say this could cause a reversal in the famous New Jersey case ? Mullet versus Back Hair.Yesterday at the White House, President Bush met with Silvio Berlusconi, the Prime Minister of Italy. Yeah. There was one awkward moment when President Bush asked, When does the sixth season of the Sopranos start?Big day in Washington. Thats right. Prince Charles and his wife Camilla flew to Washington DC today to meet with President Bush and the first lady. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Unfortunately, during a 21-gun salute on the South Lawn, Camilla got frightened, bolted and jumped over a fence.During a press conference this week -- this is weird -- a journalist asked President Bush what he carried in his pockets, and Bush showed him that all he had was a handkerchief. Yeah. Or as President Bush calls it, his booger motel.Officials in the Philippines are charging the environmental group Greenpeace $7,000 because one of Greenpeaces boats destroyed a coral reef. Yeah. Greenpeace says it will pay the fine by selling off its collection of rare ivory.Yesterday at the White House, President Bush met with Prince Charles and his wife Camilla. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Yeah. There was one awkward moment when Bush told Prince Charles, Hey your mom looks even older than my mom.Political experts say that because President Bush has been having so much trouble with domestic issues his advisors are urging him to focus on international issues. Good advice, yeah. As a result, today the President had breakfast at the International House of Pancakes.Earlier today, Vice President Dick Cheneys former assistant, Scooter Libby, pleaded not guilty to the charges against him. Yeah. The weird thing is since his name is Scooter hes being tried in juvenile court.It was reported this week that when he was in college, Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito supported gay rights. Yeah. See, apparently, his exact words were, Lets get Jen and Stacey drunk and see if they make out.The election for governor of New Jersey is taking place today, and, as we speak, it is way too close. Yeah. I dont mean the race, Im talking about New Jersey.Last week President Bush was in Latin America, and later this week hell be going to Asia. Yeah. These trips are all part of Bushs new domestic program, Dont blame me, I wasnt there.It was reported today that plans are underway to build a new five-star hotel in Baghdad. Yeah. Unlike most hotels, all the rooms will be smoking.Senator John McCain is in the news. He has introduced a bill in the Senate that would ban torture by US citizens. McCain decided to ban torture after hearing the new rap single from Kevin Federline.The election for governor of New Jersey is taking place today, and, as we speak, it is way too close. Yeah. I dont mean the race, Im talking about New Jersey.Last week President Bush was in Latin America, and later this week hell be going to Asia. Yeah. These trips are all part of Bushs new domestic program, Dont blame me, I wasnt there.It was reported today that plans are underway to build a new five-star hotel in Baghdad. Yeah. Unlike most hotels, all the rooms will be smoking.Senator John McCain is in the news. He has introduced a bill in the Senate that would ban torture by US citizens. McCain decided to ban torture after hearing the new rap single from Kevin Federline.According to the latest poll, California Governor Arnold Schwarzeneggers approval rating is down to 30%. Yeah. After hearing this, Arnold said Im not going to act all hurt and upset because I dont have that kind of range.In a speech earlier today, President Bush said that his opponents are rewriting the pages of American history. Yeah. Yeah, and what really makes him mad is, theyre using big words.President Bush is in Japan today, and the prime minister took Bush on a tour of the temple. There was an awkward moment at the temple when Bush told the Japanese prime minister, Funny, you dont look Jewish.The rioting continues in France. French President Jacques Chirac is asking his government to extend the national state of emergency. Under the rules, Frenchmen cannot go out after sundown unless they can prove theyre just gonna cheat on their wives.Earlier today, former President Clinton gave a speech in the Middle East, and he said that invading Iraq was a big mistake. Yeah. Now, in fact, Clinton called the war in Iraq President Bushs Hillary.Its been reported that North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il doesnt want his son to take over when he retires, because his son is too girlish. Thats what he said, yeah. Yeah, which is really odd coming from a guy in womens sunglasses named Kim.For the first time ever, Republicans in Congress -- Republicans! -- are demanding that President Bush come up with an exit strategy for Iraq. Yeah. Today, Bush said, I have an exit strategy; Im leaving office in 2008.In order to curb illegal immigration, the United States -- have you heard about this? -- is considering building a giant fence along the US-Mexico border. A giant fence along the US-Mexico border. Yeah. In a related story, the Mexican government is building a giant catapult.It was reported today that Al Gores manager, Al Gores manager from the 2000 presidential campaign is writing a book. Yeah. Yeah, the manager says hes rushing the book to print cause he wants to catch some of that Al Gore heat.The Iranian basketball league has begun recruiting American basketball players. Yeah. The Iranians are recruiting Americans. Yeah. The only drawback with the Iranian basketball league is if you steal the ball, they cut off your hand.This week, Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito said hes embarrassed by some of the things he wrote in the 1980s. Yeah, yeah. It turns out Alito wrote the song Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go.Speaking of Judge Alito, this week, liberal groups -- liberal groups launched a series of ads attacking Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito. Republicans are saying the ads are offensive. Yeah, they said the only ads that are more offensive are the ones with the guy whose Gellin like Magellan.Today, President Bush continued a longstanding Thanksgiving tradition by pardoning the White House turkey. Isnt that nice? Yeah, apparently, Dick Cheney was really upset, cause he wanted to torture the turkey.Yesterday, former President Clinton told reporters that it would be a mistake for the US to pull out of Iraq. Yeah. Clintons exact words were, Pulling out early would be a mistake, and you can write the rest of this joke yourself.President Bush spent Thanksgiving at his ranch in Crawford, Texas with his family. Yeah, meanwhile, Dick Cheney spent the day watching the film Its a Wonderful Life and rooting for Mr. Potter.Yesterday was the big Thanksgiving day parade. Once again -- did you know this -- the most popular giant balloons were Grover and Spongebob Squarepants. Yeah. The least popular balloon this year was Big Bird with Avian Flu.During his trial yesterday -- this is the latest -- Saddam Hussein spent part of his time in court writing a poem. Seriously, he was writing a poem, yeah. Apparently, he kept interrupting the judge to ask, What rhymes with spider hole?President Bush and the First Lady sent Christmas cards to the leaders of 200 countries. Isnt that nice? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it would have been 201 but someone told the President, Legoland is not a real country.Bulgaria and Ukraine announced that theyre considering pulling their forces out of Iraq. Yeah, apparently the troops will be withdrawn as soon as they can find a car that seats six people.Fidel Castro announced today that the Cuban national team will play in next years world baseball classic in Puerto Rico. Theyre going to let them go. In fact, the Cuban team left on a raft this morning.In a speech yesterday, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld criticized the media for portraying the Iraq war in a negative light. Yeah, Rumsfeld said, The media should focus on the more lighthearted, fun aspects of the war.This week in California, Arnold Schwarzenegger met with rapper Snoop Dogg to discuss pardoning a convicted murderer. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, then Vin Diesel met with 50 Cent to discuss agriculture subsidies.President Bush is being criticized by Christian groups because his holiday cards dont have the word Christmas in them. Yeah. In response, the President said, You try spelling it.Last night, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger checked into a hospital because of a heart murmur. Yeah. Yeah, hes fine now, though. Yeah. The weird thing is, Arnolds heart murmur is easier to understand than Arnold.President Bush lit the candles on the White House Menorah. ... And there was an awkward moment when Bush saw the Menorah and said, Cool, a flaming rake.Yesterday at an event in Washington, First Lady Laura Bush read The Grinch who Stole Christmas to a group of children. Isnt that nice? Yeah, unfortunately the First Lady was interrupted when Vice President Dick Cheney yelled, Go, Grinch!In Washington, a rumor is circulating that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld will retire next year. Today, though, Rumsfeld denied it, saying, If youve seem my work in Iraq, you know I dont plan that far ahead.In the city of Detroit, theyre in the midst of a recount to determine the winner of the mayors race. Not surprisingly, both candidates in Detroit are claiming that the other guy won.This week, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger met with rapper Snoop Dogg to discuss pardoning a gang leader. Snoop asked Arnold to change his sentence from the death penalty to life in prizzle.During an interview yesterday, President Bush told Brian Williams, You can call me anything you want, but do not call me a racist. Yeah. Yeah, thats good, yeah. Brian Williams responded, Whatever you say, dumbass.President Bush, working hard to defend his position in Iraq. In a recent interview, President Bush said -- this is a quote ? I know a lot of people who are glad were in Iraq. Yeah. When asked who, the President said, The leaders of North Korea and Iran.The only time more people voted in the Middle East was during Fallujahs Funniest Home Videos.It will take up to two weeks to figure out who won todays Iraqi elections. So far it looks like the winner will be the dark-haired guy with the mustache.At the White House, President Bush was very excited to show reporters his iPod. Did you hear about that? He showed them his iPod. Reporters said they didnt have the heart to tell the President that his iPod is really just a garage door opener.According to CNN, top Democrats have mixed feelings about Senator Hillary Clinton running for president. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, some Democrats dont like the idea, while the others hate it.Due to the transit strike, New Yorkers are not allowed to drive into the city unless there are at least four people in every car. Yeah. The situation has become so desperate, some New Yorkers have been forced to talk to their neighbors.Police are actually stopping cars to make sure they have four people. Yeah. As a result, Donald Trump had to come to work today with three chauffeurs.Some New Yorkers say that trying to find people to share cabs with is creating an excellent way to meet other New Yorkers. Thats true. Thats what theyre saying, yeah. In fact, this morning, I met a guy who screamed, Hey, a-hole, thats my cab.Because of the strike -- this is true -- yesterday, there were 15,000 bus stop shelters that were going completely unused. Yeah. Today, the city started calling the shelters studio apartments and renting them for $4,000 a month.Earlier today, Saddam Hussein claimed that he and his co-defendants were beaten and tortured while in US custody. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, his exact quote was, They Saddamed us.Yesterday, Vice President Dick Cheney warned members of Congress that parts of the Patriot Act are set to expire in ten days. Yeah. Not only that, parts of Dick Cheney are set to expire in ten days.Subway employees have agreed to return to work, but before they can reopen the subways, officials say they have to make sure the trains are working and clean. Yeah. In other words, the subways will never open again.Mayor Michael Bloomberg estimated that during the strike, the city lost $700 million. Fortunately, Bloomberg was able to make up for it when he found $700 million in an old pair of his pants.President Bush is being criticized by right wing groups because the Christmas cards he sent to his friends dont include the word Christmas. Yeah, instead, the cards say, Sorry to hear about your indictment.According to the White House, while President Bush was spending the holidays at his Texas ranch, he was clearing brush and a tree branch cut his face. Yeah. As a result, the tree was cut down and tortured by Dick Cheney.Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff has agreed to cooperate with Federal prosecutors. He could name up to 20 congressmen. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Thats amazing. I can only name three congressmen.Donald Trump is reportedly considering running for president in 2008. Yeah, trump said hell choose a running mate and then dump her for a younger, hotter running mate.Earlier today, the American Bar Association gave Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito their highest rating. Isnt that good? He got the highest rating, yeah. Yeah, President Bush gave Alito his highest rating, too, because he called him super and duper.The election in Iraq was three weeks ago. Believe it or not, officials are saying its going to be another two weeks before they announce who won. Yeah, the odd part is, the winner will be announced by Ryan Seacrest.The state of Rhode Island became the 11th state to legalize medical marijuana. Yeah, as a result, theyre changing the name of their state to Rhodizzle Iszizzle.Dick Cheney is limping today because he injured his foot. Cheney said, If you think my foot looks bad, you should see the old lady I was kicking.During Judge Alitos hearing, Senator Ted Kennedy accidentally referred to Alito as Ali-oto. Yeah. Afterwards, Kennedy said, Youll have to forgive me, Im sober.Yesterday, President Bush was asked about Judge Alito. The President said, this is a quote, He is eminently qualified. Yeah. Then the President said, Unless the word eminently means not.Yesterday, Vice President Dick Cheney was rushed to the hospital after complaining of shortness of breath. Yeah. Yeah, you could tell that Cheneys used to these trips because he told the ambulance driver, I know a shortcut.This week, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was in a motorcycle accident and needed 15 stitches on his lip. Yeah. Yeah, you can tell the accident really messed Arnolds lip, cause now you can understand every word hes saying.Its been reported that President Bush calls Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito Sam. Thats what he calls him, yeah. Yeah, Alito says hes happy with his nickname, especially since the President calls Ruth Bader Ginsburg Gins-dog.The Washington Post reports that former DC Mayor Marion Barry has once again tested positive for cocaine. Yeah, apparently, police suspected Marion Barry was using cocaine when they noticed that he was Marion Barry.This week, New Jersey voted to temporarily suspend the death penalty. Yeah. Not going to have the death penalty, yeah. Yeah, lawmakers say the ruling sends a clear message to death row inmates. If we cant leave New Jersey, you cant, either.Los Angeles police have decided not to press charges against California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, even though Arnold was involved in an accident with improper vehicle registration. Yeah, officials said its punishment enough to hear Arnold say improper vehicle registration.During an odd moment at the [Alito] hearings yesterday, this is true -- Senator Arlen Specter announced out of nowhere that he goes to the same gym as Senator Ted Kennedy. Yeah, not surprisingly, its the gym thats closed 364 days a year.New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin caused a controversy cause he said that when New Orleans is rebuilt it will be a chocolate city. A chocolate city, yeah. Nagin went on to say that chocolate New Orleans will be protected by a system of graham cracker levees.In a speech honoring Dr. Martin Luther King yesterday, President Bush called him one of the greatest Americans that ever lived. Very good, yeah. Bush said, How many people grow up to be both a doctor and a king?Yesterday, former Vice President Al Gore gave a passionate ten-minute speech where he criticized President Bush for repeatedly breaking the law. Yeah. Yeah, those who heard the speech were describing it as the worst elevator ride ever.Earlier today, President Bush met with the prime minister of Belgium. Things grew tense when the prime minister demanded the United States close the prison on Guantanamo Bay. Yeah. Bush quickly replied, The prison is closed. Thats how we keep them in there.A Texas paper is reporting that lobbyist Jack Abramoff charged a client $25,000 to have lunch with President Bush. Yeah. Not surprisingly, this is the most anyone has ever paid to have lunch at a Chuck E. Cheese.A tape was broadcast on al Jazeera that is reportedly the first message from Osama bin Laden in over a year. Yeah, experts think it may not be a new tape, because in the background you can hear, Who Let the Dogs Out?One of the tabloids is reporting that Senator Ted Kennedy has a 21-year-old illegitimate son. Yeah, Kennedy isnt denying the story, but the kid is.Earlier this week, President Bush met with the Belgian prime minister, and things grew tense when the prime minister called for the US to leave Guantanamo Bay. Did you know about that? Yeah, President Bush was so angry, he told the Belgian prime minister to shut his waffle hole.In his latest audiotaped message, Osama bin Laden recommends a book that all Americans should read. Yeah. You can tell bin Laden is hungry for power, cause now he thinks hes Oprah.Earlier today at the White House, President Bush met with an official from Lebanon, and the President told him that hes always admired the Lebanese. Then the President said, In fact, Dick Cheneys daughter is a Lebanese.Today in Switzerland, Angelina Jolie told a conference of political leaders that they need to concentrate on the real issues confronting the world. The political leaders said, Youre exactly right. So whats going on with you and Brad?According to the Washington Post, one of President Bushs biggest pet peeves is when a cell phone goes off during a meeting. He hates that, yeah. Apparently his second-biggest pet peeve is when his Pez dispenser gets jammed.Well, the Super Bowl is this Sunday. Its in Detroit this year, yeah. And security measures will include gunboats, armed helicopters and bomb-defusing robots. Thats true. So in other words, its a typical Sunday in Detroit.It was reported today that California Governor Arnold Schwarzeneggers re-election campaign is several hundred thousand dollars in debt. Yeah. So in other words, there will be a Terminator 4.Earlier today -- this is big news -- President Bush unveiled his new $2.2 trillion budget. Trillion dollar budget, yeah. Yeah, the President settled on $2 trillion after being told that two bazillion was not a real number.President Bush met at the White House with Jordans King Abdullah. Yeah, there was one awkward moment when Bush asked King Abdullah, Hows Queen Latifah?You, of course, all heard a controversial Danish cartoon still sparking protest from Muslim fundamentalists. They claim the cartoon defames Islam. Theyre upset. Yeah. Folks, if that werent bad enough, today, Marmaduke came out against stem cell research.Yesterday, President Bush asked people around the world to stop the violence that has erupted over controversial cartoons in a Danish newspaper. Yeah. The President said, Instead, lets go after the guy that makes the Junior Jumble so hard.Earlier today at the White House, President Bush met with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Isnt that nice? Yeah. There was an awkward moment when Bush asked Berlusconi, How much longer till the new season of The Sopranos?Yesterday, Saddam Hussein announced he has ended his month-long hunger strike. Yeah. Yeah, Saddam explained, I had to do something, I was starting to look like Nicole Richie.Senator Hillary Clinton hired a former advisor to President Clinton. Yeah. Apparently, Hillary is taking his advice because today she hit on three waitresses.Earlier today, President Bush made a surprise trip to Afghanistan. And he promised the Afghanis that the United States would not cut and run. Yeah. Then, Bush got in his plane and left.After Afghanistan, President Bush flew to India where he was greeted by over 10,000 angry protesters. Yeah. As a result, most Americans spent all day on hold with computer problems.Today in India, President Bush announced he was lifting a US import ban on Indian mangoes. Yeah, Bush said, That was my plan all along -- first, liberate the people of Iraq, then Indian mangoes.Earlier today on his visit to Pakistan, President Bush mistakenly called Pakistan an Arab country, instead of a Muslim country. Yeah, then he said, Good thing no one over here takes that stuff seriously.The most significant moment of my judicial career was -- Antonin Scalia wrote, Defending flag burners in Blakely vs. Washington. David Souter wrote, Dissenting from the conservatives in Bush vs. Gore. Clarence Thomas wrote, Anna Nicole Smith dropping her prepared statement and bending down to pick it up.Im glad Saddam Hussein stopped his hunger strike because -- Donald Rumsfeld wrote, It was a cheap ploy for sympathy. Condoleezza Rice wrote, It made a mockery of the Iraqi judicial process. George W. Bush wrote, Now I can put him in charge of US port security.Earlier today, President Bush flew to New Orleans. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when the President looked around, and said, Oh, my God, what the hell happened here?Its been reported that Vice President Dick Cheney is donating more than $2 million to the cardiology center that treats him. Yeah. Well, actually, in Cheneys case, its not really a donation, its more of an advance.According to the Washington Post, newly retired Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has been offered $8 million to write a book. Yeah. Yeah, finally, a book that captures the romance and excitement of an old man talking about interest rates.Last night, President Bush flew back to the White House from New Orleans. When asked about New Orleans, the President said, I had to get the hell out of there. Those levees dont look very safe.In a new interview that just came out, First Lady Laura Bush says that she started exercising when she married President Bush because it was already part of his lifestyle. Isnt that nice? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, which explains why shes also stopped reading.Earlier today in Baghdad, Saddam Hussein called his trial a comedy. Yeah, he said his trial was a comedy, yeah. After hearing this, NBC called Saddam and asked, What are you doing Thursday night?Jessica Simpson turned down an invitation to meet with President Bush at a Republican fundraiser. Turned him down, yeah. Yeah, President Bush says he invited Simpson to the fundraiser cause he likes to be around people who challenge him.Earlier today -- big story earlier today -- the United States announced that it would withdraw most of its forces from Iceland. Yeah, so -- so welcome home, Bob and Joe.Earlier today at the White House, true story, President Bush met with the prime minister of Ireland, who gave him the traditional bowl of shamrocks. Isnt that nice? Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush said, Where are the pink hearts and yellow moons?President Bush surprised 30 immigrants by showing up and personally swearing them in as US citizens. Isnt that nice? ... Yeah, there was an awkward moment when President Bush said, You may now kiss the bride.In France, hundreds of thousands of protesters are marching the streets. And to restore order, police have been forced to use water cannons. Yeah. On the bright side, thousands of Frenchmen can go another year without showering.The Mayor of Newark, New Jersey, announced he will be stepping down after serving five terms. When asked why, the Mayor of Newark said, Ive paid my debt to society.President Bush is in Mexico this week, and while hes there, hes going to visit the ancient Mayan ruins. Yeah, apparently Bush is trying to learn from his mistakes because today he promised that FEMA will help the Mayans rebuild.In a speech yesterday -- this is true -- President Bush told the Iraqi people to, this is a quote, Get governing. Then, the President introduced his new speech writer, Larry the Cable Guy.Earlier today, President Bush attended a summit in Mexico and thousands of Mexicans attended a rally to protest his immigration policies. Yeah. The protest was cut short because the Mexicans had to get back to their jobs in Los Angeles.While in Mexico yesterday, this was the latest, President Bush was greeted by protestors wearing President Bush masks. Yeah, the President was overheard saying, I dont know who those people are, but their faces look familiar.Yesterday at opening day in Cincinnati, President Bush threw out the first pitch. Yeah, then the President started crying because the manager took him out of the game.Earlier today, Senate leaders announced that they had made a huge breakthrough in reforming immigration laws. Thats it, reformed immigration laws. Yeah. Then the senators adjourned early so they could drop their illegal nannies off at the bus stop.Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote an editorial in the Wall Street Journal calling for immigration reform. Yeah. Yeah, in the editorial, Arnold complained that too many immigrants are sneaking into the country and becoming governors.Tomorrow, President Bushs childhood home in Midland, Texas, will be officially turned into a museum. Yeah. Yeah, so -- so it turns out that the President has been to a museum.Earlier today, in Texas, true story, President Bushs childhood home was turned into a museum. Yeah, after hearing about it, President Bush said, I hope they got rid of that scary thing under my bed.Yesterday, the president of Iran announced that they now have the capacity to enrich uranium. Yeah. Yeah, the Iranian president added, By the way, the girls didnt help at all.The Pentagon admitted its been spying on gay groups, yeah. The Pentagon also admitted that since its started spying on gay groups, its been having some weird feelings.President Bush -- true story -- delivered a Passover greeting to the Jewish people. Yeah, Bush explained that Passover celebrates that great day when the Jews were led out of Egypt by the Easter Bunny.Iraqis are going to court to change their names so they wont be identified as either Shiite or Sunni Muslims. Thats right. Yeah, reporters got the story from Iraqs spokesman, Mohammed OReilly.The Pentagon admitted that its been spying on gay groups. ... The government said they didnt find any terrorist cells, but they did learn that this fall, Prada is bringing back round-toed pumps.President Bush issued an Easter proclamation. ... This is a quote, This is a season of renewal, and for remembering that hope overcomes despair. Nice, yeah. Then he said, Lets not forget those delicious marshmallow peeps.Speaking of Presidents, earlier this week, former President Clinton was giving a speech in Washington, DC, and someone in the crowd yelled out, We miss you. Yeah, I should mention that Clinton was giving the speech in the Champagne Room at Crazy Girls.In a speech this week, California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said that America needs to work together to conserve oil. Then Arnold lit a cigar and drove over the crowd in his Hummer.The new issue of Rolling Stone magazine features a cover story about President Bush titled, The Worst President in History. President Bush said, Thats not fair -- Im also the worst President in math, English, and geography.Sources close to President Bush say that the next White House press secretary is going to be Tony Snow. The Fox News anchor said, Itll be great to have a job where I can be less pro-Bush.President Bush introduced his new press secretary, Tony Snow, and the President said, this is a quote, His job is to help explain my decisions to the American people. Yeah. Then Bush turned to Snow and said, Good luck, you poor bastard.Senator Hillary Clinton said she is in favor of building a wall between and Mexico and the United States. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, She means a metaphorical wall of silence and resentment.Despite record profits and sky-high gasoline prices, today, Exxon Mobil denied that theyve engaged in price gouging. They denied it, yeah. ... A spokesperson for Exxon Mobil said, We prefer the term, Kicking America in the nuts.President Bush said that Spanish-speaking immigrants should learn to sing the national anthem in English. Thats what he said, yeah. The President said thats only fair, since he learned all the words to The Macarena.Very busy, though, the President. Earlier today, at a press conference, this is true, President Bush said that when it comes to hurricane preparedness, step number one is to pray that theres no hurricane. ... Later, Bush admitted, actually, thats our entire plan.They had a poll, and they said Condoleezza Rice is the most popular member of the Bush Administration. Yeah, experts say that claiming to be the most popular member of the Bush Administration is like claiming you got the good kind of herpes.Thousands of legal and illegal aliens staged what they called A day without immigrants. Yeah, or as its known in Utah ? Monday.Here in New York, tens of thousands of immigrants gathered for the protest, tens of thousands. Yeah, reportedly it was the most immigrants gathered together since baseballs spring training.A mild form of bird flu has been detected in New Jersey. Yeah, health officials said the bird flu was hard to detect because in New Jersey, every bird coughs.FEMA officials announced today that they are closing their New Orleans field office. Yeah, yeah. A spokesperson said, Theres nothing left for FEMA to do in New Orleans. Now, could someone please get my car out of that tree?Yesterday, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said that North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is, quote, A pervert. Yeah, when he heard this, Kim Jong-il said, Tell her to say it again slowly while licking her lips.And at the White House today, President Bush gave a Cinco de Mayo speech to an audience of Mexican Americans. Thats right, yeah. There was an awkward moment when Bush said, Isnt it amazing that Cinco de Mayo always falls on May 5th?Yesterday, Ted Kennedys son, Congressman Patrick Kennedy, crashed his car but got out of a breathalyzer test by claiming he was on his way to the Capitol to vote. Yeah, apparently Kennedy was gonna vote on whether Miller Lite is less filling or tastes great.Barry Bonds could tie Babe Ruths career home run total. Of course, there is a difference. The Babe called his shot in the right field stands, and tonight Bonds calls his shot in the right butt cheek.Chicagos Mayor Daly just got back from a trip to the Middle East. Did you know that? Yeah, when asked about it, Daly said, I didnt realize the Palestinians and Israelis hated each other as much as Sox and Cubs fans.Neil Young has written a new song that says Barack Obama should run for president. Neil Young says he doesnt know much about Obama. He just needed something that rhymes with Hot mama.Yesterday, President Bush announced a plan to send 6,000 members of the National Guard to patrol the US/Mexico border. Thats his plan, yeah. Yeah, when asked where well come up with 6,000 additional troops, the President said, Simple, well hire illegal immigrants.Senator Hillary Clinton is being criticized because she recently called todays college kids lazy and uninformed. Yeah, a spokesperson for college kids said, Whatever, lady from TV.Former presidents Bush and Clinton were spotted having lunch with Ellen Degeneres. Yeah, former President Bush congratulated Ellen on the success of her show, and Clinton congratulated her on the whole lesbo thing.The state of Texas is considering raising some speed limits to 80 miles per hour. Yeah. Yeah, the Texas legislature says they want to do this so that illegal immigrants can get to work faster.Earlier today -- this is big news -- the Senate voted to build a 370-mile fence along the Mexican border. Yeah. 370-mile fence. Yeah. Experts say a 370-mile fence is the perfect way to protect a border that is 1,900 miles long.Attorney General Alberto Gonzales says he is not sure whether his grandparents entered the United States legally. Yeah. As a result, President Bush has sent the entire Gonzales family back to Ireland.Senator Arlen Specter and Senator Russ Feingold got into a shouting match over the issue of gay marriage. They were screaming at each other, yeah. As a result, Specter and Feingold have cancelled their wedding in the Florida Keys.Former President Bill Clinton is writing a book designed to encourage Americans to become more active in their communities. Yeah. A book to get people to be more active. Clintons book is called, Dont Just Lay There.Vicente Fox, the president of Mexico, arrived in the United States today for a state visit. Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately, Fox was caught at the border and sent back to Mexico.President Bush told reporters that he wont see Al Gores documentary about the threat of global warming. He will not see it. Yeah. On the other hand, Dick Cheney said hes seen the global warming film five times, and it still cracks him up.Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert told Bush that he intends to defend Israels borders. Yeah, when he heard this, Bush said, You mean you have trouble with Mexicans, too?First Lady Laura Bush flew from Washington to New York. And instead of flying Air Force One, she took the Delta shuttle. The First Lady said she did this because, unlike Air Force One, commercial airlines are cheaper, they waste less gas, and she doesnt get stuck sitting next to a dumb guy.At the end of last nights American Idol -- true story. Ryan Seacrest announced that more than 63 million votes were cast, which is more than any president in US history has ever received. Thats true, yeah. In a related story this morning, Hillary Clinton bought a karaoke machine.This week, President Vicente Fox of Mexico is on an official visit to the United States. Yeah, Fox has only been in the US for three days. And hes already got a job and a Social Security number.Tariq Aziz testified at Saddams trial while wearing pajamas. Yeah, Aziz said he was confused and thought he was testifying at the Michael Jackson trial.In a new interview -- this is true. -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says shes a big American Idol fan and she took Wednesday night off so she could watch the finale. Yeah. In a related story, President Bush took the week off to catch up on Blues Clues.Yesterday, of course, former Enron executives Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling were found guilty of bankrupting the company and its employees. Theyre both facing over 100 years in prison. Yeah, this makes them the only two Enron employees who dont have to worry about paying for retirement.Yesterday, the Secret Service caught a man trying to climb over the White House fence. ... Yeah, when they caught the man, the Secret Service said, Not so fast. You have three more years, Mr. President.President Bush gave his speech about illegal immigration. Yeah. In his speech, the President told the people of New Mexico, Well never let you into our country.The Senate is considering a constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage. Thats right. Yeah. The amendment is expected to fall a few votes short because Senators Orrin Hatch and Trent Lott are antiquing in Vermont.This week, Congressman Patrick Kennedy left rehab and returned to Rhode Island. He left rehab and returned to Rhode Island. Unfortunately on his way back, he hit Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Hampshire.Yesterday, Yankees outfielder Melky Cabrera made a spectacular catch...against the left field fence to defeat the Red Sox. And he went up and over. It was incredible. Experts say its the first time all year a Hispanic mans been cheered for leaping over a fence.Yesterday, President Bush went to Nebraska and gave a big speech about immigration. Yeah. Of course, to people in Nebraska, immigration means moving to Iowa.Next week, 88-year-old Senator Robert Byrd will become the longest-serving US senator in American history. Yeah, 88. Thats crazy. When asked if he was still capable of conducting the business of state, the 88- year-old Senator said, I like lemons.It was announced today that the US military dropped a bomb that killed Iraqs number one terrorist, Abu Musab al Zarqawi. They got rid of Abu Musab al Zarqawi. Yeah. Afterwards, President Bush said, Oh, great, and I just learned how to pronounce his name.They got al Zarqawi while he was hiding in his safe house. Yeah. As a result, its been renamed the Not-so-safe house.This week, President Bush said that any attempt -- any attempt to deport 11 million illegal aliens aint gonna work. Thats what he said. Then when reporters asked Bush what he was gonna do for the rest of the afternoon, he said, aint gonna work.Earlier today, President Bush made a surprise visit to Baghdad. Big story. Apparently, the President was confused by all the destruction because the first thing he said was, Hello, Detroit.Last week, the US eliminated Iraqs number one terrorist, Abu Musab al Zarqawi. This week, al Qaeda announced his successor, Abu Hamza al Muhajir. Yeah. When asked why they chose him, an al Qaeda spokesperson said, We have a lot of leftover stationary that says From the desk of Abu.In a recent interview, Al Gores wife Tipper said she would -- she would support her husband if he decided to run for president again. Yeah. And she said, But theres no way Im sitting through his movie.President Bushs Iraq trip was so top secret that before he left, he lied to his Cabinet members, told them he was going to bed early so he could read. Yeah, when the Secret Service heard this, they said, Weve got to come up with a better story.After visiting Baghdad for five hours, five hours yesterday, President Bush told reporters that he is upbeat about Iraq. Yeah. Right, Bushs exact were, Next time, Im going to stay for six hours.According to a new report, $1.4 billion of FEMA money for Hurricane Katrina victims was used to buy alcohol, vacations and pornography. Even worse, some of it was wasted.Yesterday, President Bushs chief speech writer announced hes leaving the White House. His exact words were, Me go now.President Bush has apologized today for scolding a member of the White House press corps for wearing sunglasses, cause he found out the reporter was legally blind. He yelled at the guy, the guys legally blind, yeah. Bush also apologized for telling physicist Stephen Hawking to get off your lazy ass.US Immigration service busy. You hear this? They deported 2,000 illegal immigrants this week in a program theyre calling Operation Return to Sender, or as the program is also known, Operation Were Taking Away Your Gardner.In a recent speech, former President Bill Clinton said that if Hillary runs for president, hell do whatever is asked of him. Yeah, Hillary says the first thing shes going to ask Bill to do is to stop winking when he says that.Earlier today in the world cup, this is the latest. Mexico lost to Portugal, but still advanced to the second round. Yeah, they still advanced to the second round, yeah. Actually Mexico snuck into the second round through a hole in the fence.North Korea is reportedly trying to develop a missile that can reach the West Coast of the United States. Yeah, actually -- apparently, the Korean missile will land in California and open up a nail salon.A powerful storm in Washington DC knocked over a 100-year-old elm tree on the White House lawn. Yeah, President Bush was not hurt, because he was playing in a different tree at the time.This week, President Bush urged the Senate to give him line-item veto power. He wants line-veto power. Yeah. Later, the President said that line-item veto power would be nice but what he really wants is X-ray vision.This week, Washington, DC, received a foot of rain and part of the IRS building was flooded. The bad news, part of the IRS building was not flooded.New York Senator Hillary Clinton says she wants to block a plan to hold an extra caucus before the New Hampshire primary. Yeah, when he heard this, Bill Clinton said, Ive always said that Hillarys a caucus blocker.Earlier today, the Supreme Court ruled that President Bush over stepped his authority by ordering military trials for prisoners at Guantanamo Bay. Yeah, yeah, a setback. They also said that Bush overstepped his authority when he appointed Capn Crunch to be joint chief of staff.A senator from Iowa is proposing a new law that will tax pimps on their profits. No joke. They want to tax pimps on their profits, yeah. However, pimps will still be allowed to write off business expenses like lost bling and uncooperative hos.Earlier today, Israel completely destroyed Hezbollahs TV station in Lebanon. Destroyed their TV station, yeah. Yeah, the attack occurred halfway through an episode of Everybody loves Hakel Lakel.This morning, the Vatican weighed in on the crisis. The Vatican came out and condemned Israels attacks on Lebanon. Yeah. Yeah, which is great, cause all day yesterday, the Jews and Muslims were asking, What do the Catholics think?While President Bush was greeting crowds in Germany today, he grabbed a baby from its mother and the baby burst into tears. Yeah, President Bush says he doesnt care how much the baby cries, hes keeping the blankie.This week, Russia announced that it is willing to store nuclear waste from other countries. Theyre willing to do it, yeah. A spokesperson for Russia said, Our goal is to be the New Jersey of Europe.In a speech yesterday, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced that he -- this is a quote ? supports lessening our dependence on foreign oil. Yeah. Unfortunately, it came out sounding more like I support lesbian independence for all.Scientists in boulder, Colorado, installed what they call an early warning system to detect global warming. Yeah. Yeah, the scientists say that they call their global warming detection device a thermometer.Israeli planes have been dropping thousands of leaflets that warn Lebanese citizens to stay away from Hezbollah members. Yeah. The leaflets also promote a special at Nate N Als Deli in Tel Aviv.The US government has chartered a cruise ship, a cruise ship to evacuate Americans stuck in Lebanon. Thats right, yeah. Officials say their first priority is getting everyone out of Lebanon, their second priority is organizing a shuffle board tournament on the lido deck.Early this week at the White House, President Bush met with the Prime Minister of India. Thats right. There was an awkward moment when Bush asked the Indian Prime minister, Now that youre here, could you see why my computer is acting up?This week, a lab report found that Tour de France winner Floyd Landis had too much testosterone in his body during the race. Yeah, in Landis defense -- everyone seems like theyre full of testosterone when theyre surrounded by Frenchmen.Cuban dictator Fidel Castro is still in the hospital with a serious medical condition. Yeah, Castro says that a half century of communist rule seems like a good idea, right up until the part where he was rushed to the hospital in 55 Oldsmobile.This week, violence in the Middle East continued with Israel bombing Hezbollah strongholds in southern Lebanon. Yeah. Then today, Israel launched an attack on Mel Gibsons house.All this week, angry political protesters have been shutting down traffic in Mexico City. Yeah. As a result, thousands of Mexicans were unable to get to their jobs in Los Angeles.Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has been out of sight for so long, theres a rumor that hes dead. Yeah, people are saying that Castro is either dead or has a show on NBC.North Korean leader Kim Jong Il sent a message to Fidel Castro, wishing him a speedy recovery. Yeah, the card said, Hey, crazy beard, feel better soon. Love, giant sunglasses.Earlier today, President Bush made a speech about immigration at the border between Texas and Mexico. Thats good. Yeah. There was an awkward moment when an illegal immigrant interrupted Bush and said, Can you give me directions to Dallas?Then after the speech, President Bush traveled to his ranch in Texas for a ten day vacation. The President says now is the perfect time for him to take a vacation while everything in the world is running so smoothly.Yesterday, President Bush denied that Iraq is close to a civil war, saying, Civil war? What civil war? Coincidentally, thats the same thing Bush used to say in his American history class.While on vacation, President Bush -- I guess this was in the paper today -- reportedly is reading a book about Abraham Lincoln. Or as President Bush calls him, The guy from the pennies.Lindsay Lohan announced that she wants to go to Iraq with Hillary Clinton to entertain the troops. Yeah. When the troops heard this, they asked, Why does the hot girl always have to bring a dumpy friend?The Bush Administration is preparing to ease immigration rules for Cubans who want to live in the United States. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Which explains why Mexicans have started sneaking into Cuba.Because of the terrorist plot, airport officials are now confiscating, this is true, all shampoos and hair gels. You go to the airport, theyre gonna take away your shampoo and your hair gel. Yeah. In other words, Ryan Seacrest is grounded.Because of heightened security concerns, many flights -- many flights from Britain to the United States were canceled today. Yeah, passengers were furious until they learned that the in-flight movie was Basic Instinct 2.President Bush, of course -- hes responding to the crisis by -- hes on vacation. Thats his plan.President Bush is urging his staff to join the 100 degree club, but running three miles in 100 degree heat. Thats what hes telling people to do. Yeah. Yeah, experts say its proof that the president can come up with a bad idea at any level.The Bush Administration is preparing to ease immigration rules for Cubans who want to live in the United States. Which is kind of nice. ... The rule changes are being supported by Cuban-American lobby groups and by Major League Baseball.A top official in England said -- this is a quote ? Britain is living through its most frightening time since the Second World War. Yeah. Of course, he wasnt counting that three year run by the Spice Girls.Earlier today, a mild earthquake shook Mexico City. Yeah. Fortunately, no residents of Mexico City were hurt, cause theyre all living in Los Angeles.Today, ladies and gentlemen, is the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Its the one-year anniversary today. Yeah. Not only that, its the six-month anniversary of when President Bush found out about it.Over the weekend, two Fox News journalists who had been kidnapped in the Middle East were released. Isnt that nice? ... Afterwards, the Fox News journalists said, It was the worst experience since being trapped at the Christmas party with Geraldo.Yesterday, the President of Iran -- did you hear about this -- challenged President Bush to a televised debate. President Bush turned down the debate, but did challenge the Iranian president to a game of Hungry Hungry Hippos.Mexicos top court proclaimed Philippe Calderon is the new president-elect. Isnt that nice? Yeah, court officials contacted Calderon this morning in his home in Phoenix, Arizona.This week, a new oil field was discovered under the Gulf of Mexico that could boost the US gas and oil reserves by 50%. Yeah, finally, some good news for the oil companies, huh? About time those guys caught a break.Its been reported that British Prime Minister Tony Blair is going to be stepping down next summer. Hes going to be stepping down, yeah, stepping down. After hearing about it, President Bush said, Damn, hes the only foreign guy who speaks American.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is in trouble, because he said that Cubans and Puerto Ricans are hot blooded. Arnold said, Sorry, when I made those comments, I assumed no one would understand what it was saying.Late last night, during his live speech, President Bush spoke directly to Osama bin Laden and said, No matter how long it takes, America will find you. Yeah. Then the President uncovered his eyes and said, Ready or not, here I come.The Democratic and Republican primaries were held all across the country. Yeah, so far its evenly split between those who forgot to vote and those who chose not to vote.Its been reported that Condoleezza Rice is dating a high-level Canadian diplomat. Yeah, sources say you can tell, cause Rice has an extra bounce in her step and is giggling a lot as she prepares for the invasion of Iran.California raised their hourly minimum wage to $7.50. $7.50, yeah, or as its called in California, 200 pesos.Yesterday, the US House of Representatives passed a bill to build a 700-mile fence along the Mexican border. Yeah. Apparently, the idea is to keep Mexicans from getting back home.This week, President Bush -- hes said a lot of things, but he said he has no plans -- I repeat, no plans to invade North Korea. No plans, yeah. Bush said, This time, Rumsfeld and I are gonna wing it.Dozens of world leaders are in town at the United Nations today. Thats right. Yes, incredible. France sent President Jacques Chirac. Canada sent Prime Minister Stephen Harper. And Mexico sent the five guys who arent already here.President Bush is in town, as well. Earlier today -- true story -- at the main branch of the New York public library, President Bush and the First Lady gave a speech on literacy. Thats right. Yeah. Apparently, she was for it and he was against it.This morning in New York, President Bush gave a speech at the United Nations. Yeah, yeah, to help everyone understand, Bushs words were simultaneously translated into French, German and English.According to the latest poll, President Bushs approval rating has rebounded to 44%, the highest level in a year. Hes up to 44%, yeah. Yeah, the White House says its thrilled that Bush has gone from an overwhelming dislike to a general dislike.Earlier today, the president of Iran refused to attend a United Nations banquet because wine was being served. Yeah, the Iranian president said he was afraid he would get really drunk and say something pro-Semitic.Earlier today, the President of Venezuela gave a speech, kind of a weird speech, at the United Nations. And he said the room still smelled from President Bush being there the day before. Yeah, President Bush responded by saying, Whoever smelt it dealt it.Today, the President of Venezuela addressed the United Nations. He said maybe we need to move the UN out of the United States. We should move the UN out of the United States. Yeah, afterwards, a confused President Bush said, But then it would just be the Ited states.During his controversial speech yesterday, the President of Venezuela said the room still smelled from President Bush being there the day before. Yeah, later, someone pointed out, thats just the wind from New Jersey.Not only that, during his speech yesterday, the president of Venezuela called President Bush the devil. ... Then today, he called him a cowboy. Yeah, President Bush was upset and said, Hes making it really hard for me to choose my Halloween costume.This week -- this was a big announcement -- California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he will no longer drive a Hummer. Hes driving a Hummer all these years. Hes no longer gonna drive a Hummer. Yeah, Arnold said, I want to find a more environmentally friendly way to look like an a-hole.Theres a report right now, out of France, that Osama bin Laden is either dead or dying -- of dysentery caused by E. coli. ... We tried tanks and bombs and guns, but all it took was spinach.President Bush is gonna spend most of October going from city to city, fundraising. Thats the plan. Yeah, then Bush will spend the last day of October traveling from house to house, trick-or-treating.According to the latest polls in California, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is favored to win a second term. Yeah, yeah. Or, as Arnold calls it, The Sequel.British Prime Minister Tony Blair gave his final speech to the Labor Party. And he said -- this is a quote. Its hard to let go, but its right to let go. Yeah, witnesses say it was a thoughtful, eloquent speech until he ended it with, Blair out!President Bush had dinner with the president of Pakistan and the president of Afghanistan. Thats right, yeah. Tomorrow, the president will have breakfast with Count Chocula and Captain Crunch.For the second day in a row Saddam Hussein was ejected from the courtroom. Yeah, yeah. Afterwards, the judge was furious and said, He is the rudest mass murderer I have ever met.Yesterday, Senator Hillary Clinton lashed out at Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice for comments Rice had made about former President Clinton. So theyre all fighting, yeah. Then today, Bill Clinton suggested, You know, we should settle this with an old-fashioned three-way.Earlier this week, Pope Benedict met with Islamic leaders, and he said -- this is a quote ? Christians and Muslims must learn to work together. Yeah, yeah. And that was the end of that 2,000-year-old problem.Last night, President Bush had dinner with the President of Pakistan and the President of Afghanistan. ... The President of Pakistan claimed Osama bin Laden is hiding in Afghanistan. The President of Afghanistan said Osamas in Pakistan. And President Bush said, I like sprinkles on my ice cream.The Washington Post reports that theres a car shortage in Cuba. And as a result, many Cubans are still riding in horse-drawn buggies. Yeah, the Cubans say the hardest part is teaching the horse to swim to Miami.A Republican congressman from South Florida resigned after e-mails surfaced that suggests hes been making sexual advances to a male teenaged assistant. Yeah, his constituents in south Florida were shocked, and said, Whats a teenager?Yesterday, in an effort to ease tensions with Islamic groups, Pope Benedict made a speech urging tolerance. I dont think it helped. I dont think it helped. Cause what the Pope said was, Everyone should try to get along with these heathens.In a recent interview, Oprah Winfrey says that she wants Senator Barack Obama to be the next president. Yeah, when Oprah heard that Obama doesnt want to be president, she parted the clouds and said, Oprah has spoken!Congressman Mark Foley, who resigned last week after sending sexually suggestive e-mails to teenagers, has checked into alcohol rehab. When asked about it, Foley said, I have a problem with 18-year-old scotch and 16-year-old boys.Bob Woodward has a new book, it just came out. It claims the Bush Administration has bungled the war in Iraq. Yeah, when reached for comment, President Bush said, Just one more reason to hate books.The White House claims that President Bush is getting so many requests to campaign with other Republicans, that hes running out of time. Yeah, not surprisingly, the requests are all coming from Democrats.Apparently, new evidence that just came out shows that former Congressman Mark Foley once engaged in Internet sex with a former page while a vote was being taken in the House. Yeah, during a vote in the House, he was doing this, which is amazing. Apparently, instead of voting Aye, he voted, Oh, God, yes!Today, President Bush is on a trip to California. But he and Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger went out of their way to avoid each other. Yeah. Experts say this is bad news for the Republican Party, but great news for the English language.CNN is reporting that former Congressman Mark Foleys instant messages were not only sexually inappropriate, but also full of typos. ... Yeah. In his own defense, Foley said, Its hard to type with one hand.The other day in Washington, DC, President Bush attended the sixth annual national book festival. Yeah. President Bush began his speech by saying, Its great to be here to celebrate the sixth anniversary of books.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger says that, so far, this has been his most bipartisan year yet. Yeah. Arnold said, This year, my speeches confused both Democrats and Republicans.This week, President Bush condemned Congressman Mark Foley. Called for a thorough probe of the congressional page scandal. Yeah. However, Foley says that a thorough probe is what got him in trouble in the first place.This weekend, Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il defied the United States and tested a nuclear weapon. Yeah. ... President Bush very angry about this. President Bush responded to Kim Jong-Il with a formal letter of protest that begins, Dear Kimberly...Myspace.com said it is launching a voter registration page targeting young adults. A page just for young adults, yeah. Sadly, the only person the Myspace page has attracted so far is former Congressman Mark Foley.Sesame Street announced they are coming out with a special version of the show for Afghanistan. Theres going to be a Sesame Street for Afghanistan. Yeah. Yeah, during the first episode, the Afghani muppets wage a jihad on Spongebob.President Bush helped dedicate an aircraft carrier named after his father. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Yeah, he christened the ship by saying, Its great to be here on the USS Dad.The big story yesterday, North Korea conducted a nuclear test, and the blast was so small, that many scientists are saying it was a dud. Yeah, apparently, the nuclear bomb didnt work well because it was made in Korea.The US Army just announced that in order to help recruitment, they are raising the weight limit for female soldiers. Yeah. So theyre -- theyre also changing their slogan to The Army, now with more junk in the trunk.In a press conference this morning, President Bush said that he has no intention of attacking North Korea. Yeah. Then Bush said, However, I cant speak for Donald Rumsfeld.Sources close to John Kerry say they think hes planning on running for president again in 2008. Yeah. Yeah, apparently Kerrys serious, because hes already practicing his concession speech.At a press conference yesterday, President Bush said that the United States has no plans to attack North Korea. Yeah. Yeah, the President said we cant invade North Korea -- they actually have weapons of mass destruction.A congressional candidate is very angry about how loose security is at the US/Mexico border, so to prove his point, yesterday, he snuck an elephant across the border. Yeah. Apparently the elephant likes it here and has already been hired to do yard work in Encino.According to the US Census Bureau, this week the population of the United States reached 300 million people, 300 million, yeah. Yeah. When they heard about it, China called and said, Youre off to a great start.News out of Afghanistan. In Afghanistan, soldiers say that enemy fighters are hiding out in forests of marijuana plants that are ten feet high. Hard to get at em, theyre in forests of marijuana plants ten feet high. As a result, Snoop Dogg has volunteered to go in and smoke them out.And this last story is very strange. Scientists say theyve proven that homosexuality is genetic after observing gay behavior in 1,500 species. Yeah. Not surprisingly, all 1,500 species claimed it only happened that one time at camp.According to the latest poll about the 2008 election, many voters in Iowa consider Hillary Clinton to be their second or even third choice. Yeah. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, I feel the same way.Political experts say that the US Senate race in New Jersey is neck and neck. Yeah. Not only is the New Jersey race neck and neck, its also mullet and mullet.President Bush invited several prominent Muslims to the White House for dinner to mark the end of the Muslim holiday of Ramadan. Thats very nice. Yeah. Actually, the President thought he was inviting three Muslims, but he only invited Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.Earlier today, the United States population officially reached 300 million people. Yeah, after hearing about it, the President of Mexico said, Hey, we got plenty more where that came from.When the population of the United States passed 300 million today, employees at the Census Bureau celebrated with cake and punch. A spokesperson for the Census Bureau said, We work hard, but we play hard, too.This week, President Bush held a dinner for prominent Muslims to mark the end of the Muslim holiday of Ramadan. Which is good, yeah. Thats good. They celebrate Ramadan at the White House. Yeah, before the dinner, President Bush brushed up on Muslim culture by watching the movie Aladdin.The Iranian government just announced that they are going to slow down Internet access speed, because they dont want Iranians to have good Internet service. ... Apparently, the government is so serious about this, theyre making all Iranians subscribe to AOL.Wal-Mart announced, this week, that they are expanding their operations in communist China. Yeah. When asked how it felt to work with an oppressive dictatorship that denies basic human rights, China said, Wal-Mart isnt that bad.A consumer watch group has released its annual list of the most dangerous Halloween costumes for kids. The dangerous ones, yeah. Apparently the most dangerous thing for kids to wear this year is a congressional page blazer.North Koreas Kim Jong-Il apologized for last weeks nuclear test. He apologized, yeah. True story, yeah. Kim Jong-Il says he wanted to apologize sooner, but he was waiting to find the perfect Sorry I detonated a nuke card.President Bush is being criticized for campaigning only in areas that are friendly to him. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah. For example, this morning, he spent the day campaigning at Dick Cheneys house.Rush Limbaugh recently upset a lot of people cause he accused Michael J. Fox of exaggerating his Parkinsons Disease symptoms for political reasons. Yeah. Then Limbaugh accused Stevie Wonder of exaggerating his blindness for free sunglasses!For the first time in over a month, Fidel Castro appeared on Cuban television. Thats right. Yeah. Cubans were excited to hear this and said, We have a television?This week, the British government hired Al Gore as a global warming advisor. Yeah. Gore says hes looking forward to being completely ignored in a new country.Senator John Kerrys in trouble for making a joke about soldiers being uneducated. Yeah. As a result, Kerry promised to stop making jokes and stick to boring people.Congressman Duncan Hunter announced hes thinking about running for president in 2008, and hes put together an exploratory committee. Yeah. The first thing the exploratory committee is gonna do is find out who the hell is Duncan Hunter?In Afghanistan, Osama bin Ladens former hideout is being converted into a million-dollar tourist resort. Yeah, the resort will be called Six Flags Cave of Terror.John Kerry apologized and some political analysts are now saying that Senator John Kerrys botched joke about the troops hurt his chances at becoming president in 2008. Yeah, apparently, Kerrys chances at becoming president went from zero to less than zero.The verdict in Saddam Husseins trial is expected to be announced this Sunday. And folks, if the verdict is guilty, Saddam could be hanged. Yeah. Yeah, if hes found innocent, Saddams going to move to Florida and play golf with OJ.The leader of a Christian group has resigned after allegations surfaced that hes frequently paid a man for sex. And people are shocked, because this guys always been a critic of gay marriage. Yeah. In his defense, the Christian leader said, Hey, its not like I married the guy.Hillary Clinton and former President Clinton are being criticized by republicans because the Clintons often use the same lines in speeches they give. Yeah. I think they are right because yesterday Hillary looked at a woman in the front row and said, Nice rack.MSNBC is reporting that the average poll worker for Tuesdays elections will be 72, and that many of these seniors are not comfortable with computerized voting machines. Yeah. Which explains why the projected winner is expected to be Franklin Delano Roosevelt.Yep, Saddam Hussein found guilty. Yesterday in Iraq, after Saddam Hussein was found guilty, there was celebratory gunfire in the streets. Yeah. Unfortunately, it couldnt be heard over the regular gunfire.A new survey of Americans says that Saddam Husseins conviction and execution will make no difference to them. Yeah. Yeah, after he heard this, Saddam said, Really? Cause it will make a huge difference to me.According to a new study, voters are more likely to vote for a candidate who has good looks and charisma. Yeah. Yeah, if you want proof, just ask that stud Dennis Hastert.Today in Florida on the last day of campaigning, a Republican politician refused to appear in public with President Bush because the President is so unpopular. Yeah, and its worse than it sounds because the politician was former Congressman Mark Foley.Big day for news ... Earlier today secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld announced he is stepping down. ... Yeah, Rumsfeld said, I made the decision after it became clear that I couldnt do my job effectively, and then I waited three years.Bad, bad, day for President Bush. ... Earlier tonight, President Bush said hes disappointed with the outcome of the voting. Yeah, of course he was talking about the show Dancing with the Stars.Senator Hillary Clintons overwhelming victory has fueled speculation that she will run for president in 2008. ... Yeah, in other words, there was some good news for Republicans.California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger -- everybody counted him out, but he was reelected. And he said he plans to use the next four years to showcase California as a one-of-a-kind model of bipartisan cooperation. Of course it was much funnier when Arnold said it.The US military has begun using Blackhawk helicopters and interceptor jets to patrol the Canadian border. Did you know that? Yeah, yeah. A US military spokesman explained, They already got one Celine Dion past us.According to Iraqi officials, Saddam Hussein is expected to be hanged at the end of December. Yeah, end of December, yeah. And, folks, you can watch it live on Baghdads Rockin New Years Eve.Federal agents raided the offices of several doctors who prescribed medical marijuana. They raided the offices. ... During the raid the Feds yelled, Put your hands up, and stop staring at them.This week, President Bush is flying to Asia to meet with leaders of Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. Yeah. Or as Bush calls them -- China.Yesterday, Democrat Russ Feingold announced he has decided not to run for president in 2008. Yeah. Which finally answers the question no one asked!Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in the news. After winning re-election last week, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger made a quick visit to Mexico. Thats right. Arnold said he went to Mexico so he could thank everybody who voted for him.Political experts say President Bush planned a trip to several foreign countries this week because hes unpopular at home. Yeah. In response, the White House said, Thats ridiculous. The President is just as unpopular overseas.Democrats say now that they control the House and the Senate, they plan to raise the minimum wage. Yeah, the Democrats say theyre raising the minimum wage because something must be done to protect Kevin Federlines future.President Bush just announced that, next month, he will host a White House conference on malaria. Yeah, Bush told reporters, Im looking forward to meeting the Malarians.President Bush just announced that, next month, he will host a White House conference on malaria. Yeah, Bush told reporters, Im looking forward to meeting the Malarians.President Bush, right now, trying to gain international support for the war in Iraq. Today, he met with leaders from several countries in Vietnam. Its true. Experts say that nothing builds support for an unpopular war like a trip to Vietnam.President Bush is finishing up a trip to Vietnam. Yesterday, he went to Ho Chi Minh City. He was in Ho Chi Minh City. Unfortunately, when Bush addressed the crowd, he said, Greetings, Hos.The first time President Bush has visited Vietnam. His first time there. Afterwards, the President said, Its nice here. I dont know what John McCains talking about.Senator John Kerry says hes thinking about running for president in 2008. Yeah. In other words, Kerry is still telling bad jokes.A new poll finds that 60% of Americans -- 60% -- think that President Bush is a worse president than his father. Thats what the poll said, yeah. However, President Bushs advisers cheered him up by telling him hes the second best George Bush whos ever been president.Well, I hope you all had a nice Thanksgiving. I got some little, nice, happy news, actually. Yesterday -- this is a true story -- the two turkeys that were pardoned by President Bush; you know, every year, the President pardons one or two turkeys. Well, yesterday, the two turkeys pardoned by President Bush were flown to Disney World to be grand marshals of Disneys Thanksgiving Day Parade. Isnt that nice? I thought it was sweet. Yeah. Then the President pardoned a ham and appointed it to the Supreme Court. Its very conservative.This is interesting. The animal rights group PETA says that instead of eating a turkey dinner yesterday, people should have feasted on tofu turkey, vegetarian stuffing and a vegan apple pie. Yeah. Which explains why nobody invites PETA members over for Thanksgiving; thats the worst sounding meal.President Bush visited Estonia today. And he thanked the Estonian president for sending troops to Iraq. Thats nice. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, Bush ? Bushs exact quote was, Those two guys are doing a great job. Its not a lot.This week -- this is the latest -- President Bush is planning to attend a two-day NATO summit to discuss strategies for the war in Afghanistan. Thats the purpose, yeah. Yeah, President Bush will be giving a speech called Strategies: Whos Got One?NBC News is in some hot water. The Bush Administration is upset with NBC News, because NBC News has started referring to the situation in Iraq as a civil war. Yeah. Yeah, White House officials say they prefer the term, explosion-filled misunderstanding.The Pentagon is, of course, making some decisions on Iraq. The Pentagon is trying to convince Germany to send more troops to the war in Iraq. Yeah. This marks the first time anyone has asked the Germans to send more troops.President Bush keeping busy. President Bush is putting together his presidential library. Thats right, hes putting together his presidential library. And apparently, the library is going to cost $500 million, yeah, which works out to $100 million per book.This years is Rockefeller Center Christmas tree, by the way, is a Norway spruce. Its a Norway spruce, yeah. Experts say -- yeah. There you go, yeah. Experts say its just one more example of Norwegian trees taking jobs away from American trees.This is a weird story about the holidays: 40% -- 40% of American business owners say they are going to give their employees holiday bonuses instead of having a holiday party. No holiday party this year, I guess. Yeah. Yeah, which means thousands of office workers will have to get drunk and go to Kinkos to Xerox their ass.White House keeping busy. The White House announced today it was banning the sale of iPods to North Korea. Yeah, yeah. President Bush said, If North Korea is gonna make nuclear weapons, then we wont let them listen to Coldplay. Thatll show them. Take that!White House is not happy. Did you know this? Theyre unhappy. The Bush Administration is upset because The New York Times has started describing the situation in Iraq as a civil war. Yeah, yeah; apparently, President Bush prefers the term, something whacky in Iraqi.Speaking of the government, the U.S. Government has unveiled 144 new questions -- 144 new questions -- that immigrants will have to answer when taking the U.S. citizenship test. Yeah. The first question on the immigration test is, When did you first become governor of California?I cant believe this. The 2008 presidential race is already heating up. You ready for it? Im not ready for it. No, Im not ready. I want it -- like, 2010, Ill be ready for that crap. But not right now. Well, its heating up. Yesterday, Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack announced he is running for president in 2008. Yeah. Thats what he said. Yeah. Yeah, Vilsack will face questions on national security, tax cuts and who the hell he is.President Bush very hard at work in Washington, right now, trying to solve all the problems. And earlier today, true story, President Bush met with the head of one of Iraqs Shiite political parties. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, however, there was an awkward moment when Bush asked him, Are you the Shiite head?White House Christmas decorations are up. They just put the White House Christmas decorations up. This year, the White House Christmas decorations include a ten-foot tall nutcracker. Thats right. Its true, yeah. Experts say this is the biggest nutcracker at the White House since Hillary Clinton.Well, Katie Couric ? having her problems, but shes working on it. Several months after taking over the CBS Evening News, CBS says that Katie Couric has decided to make some adjustments to improve ratings. Ratings have been down. Shes going to make some adjustments. I think shes getting desperate because the first thing Katie wants to do is hire Matt Lauer and Al Roker. She wants a big window behind her. She wants the news on in the morning for a couple hours...on NBC.This week -- this is an interesting story -- Customs officials inspected a flight from Jamaica to Miami and they seized 2 tons of marijuana. Yeah, as a result, the flight arrived in Miami with only 4 tons of marijuana.This sounds fantastic, but its true. Yesterday, NASA announced plans to build a space station on the moon. Build a space station on the moon, yeah. Yeah, when asked where on the moon they would put the space station, a spokesperson for NASA said, Between the two Starbucks.According to a new study, children figure out the truth about Santa Claus between the ages of 3 and 6. Yeah, although the study says that the age is much later for some US presidents. Right now, Bush is calling the Pentagon ? What does he mean? Santas coming, right? Hes coming? Yes, sir. Hes coming. Oh, okay. All right.The Iraq Study Group report came out today. Thats right. The Iraq Study Group report was released as a book this morning. And after only a few hours, it soared to number 18 on Amazons bestsellers list. Yeah. Yeah, they even got President Bush to buy a copy because they called it Harry Potter and the Iraq Study Group Report.Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter, Mary, and her partner, Heather Poe, announced that theyre going to have a baby. Mary and Heather Poe, yeah. Yeah, after hearing the news, President Bush pointed at Heather Poe and said, Wait a minute, shes not a dude.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has warned Western leaders to follow the path of God or vanish from the face of the Earth. Yeah, experts say its the most bone-chilling threat ever delivered by a four-foot tall man in a Members Only jacket.The Iraq Study Group was released as a book yesterday. Today, its number two on Amazons bestseller list. Yeah. Publishing insiders are already calling it the Tuesdays With Morrie of bipartisan commission findings.Today is December 7th, the 65th anniversary of Pearl Harbor. Yeah, thats right. Yeah. Or, as President Bush refers to it, a day that will live in the infirmary.Earlier today -- I dont know if you heard -- just a couple hours ago, the Christmas tree in front of the White House fell over. Yeah, no one was hurt. It just fell over. Yeah. Yeah. And even after the tree collapsed, President Bush insisted that the tree was doing a heck of a job.A new study has found that one in seven Mexican workers are employed in the United States. Yeah. Its true. One in seven Mexican workers is employed in the United States. Apparently, the other six just live here.This is a weird story. Conservatives in Iran -- imagine being a conservative in Iran. Conservatives in Iran are very upset at the Iranian president because video footage has surfaced of the Iranian president watching a group of female dancers who werent wearing veils; apparently scandalous, scandalous, yeah. Yeah, its hard to tell where the footage was shot, but it looks like one of those seedy no-veil clubs out by the airport.I cant believe it, but the 2008 presidential race is already underway. ... Over the weekend, Senator Barack Obama visited New Hampshire. And thousands of people turned up to hear him speak. Thats right, yeah. Yeah -- the New Hampshire crowds were excited, because apparently this is the first time theyve ever seen an African-American.The other day, a baby girl was born onboard a Mexicana Airlines flight from Mexico to the United States. Yeah, yeah. Right after the Mexican baby was born, she said, Man that was a small tunnel.I dont know if you remember him. Dennis Kucinich, who ran for president in 04, announced hes running against in 08. Coincidentally, 04 is the number of votes Kucinich received.Over the weekend -- this is a weird story -- Ohio State quarterback Troy Smith won the Heisman Trophy. ... But today, when he tried to fly home, airline security wouldnt let the Heisman Trophy on board the plane. Thats true, yeah. Apparently, the Heismans been considered a deadly weapon ever since O.J. Simpson won one.This week, a top general at the Pentagon said that the war on terror could take 100 years to fight. Yeah, President Bush was furious about the 100-year prediction and said, Stop setting a fixed timetable!Awkward moment in Washington yesterday. The new head of the House Intelligence Committee had an embarrassing moment yesterday, when he admitted he didnt know the difference between a Sunni and a Shiite. President Bush said, Dont feel bad. I still have trouble with Iran and Iraq.The White House announced that they have hired a pastry chef. Yeah. Its true, yeah. Unfortunately, the pastry chef was hired to be the new Secretary of Defense.This is weird. The incoming head of the House Intelligence Committee had a very embarrassing moment the other day when he admitted he didnt know the difference between Sunnis and Shiites. Yeah. Yeah, luckily, Sunnis and Shiites both have a great sense of humor about this kind of thing. Theyre like, Thats funny.Well, today at the White House, President Bush signed a deal that would send nuclear fuel and know-how to India. Yeah, when asked about the Indian deal, president Bush said, Its the least we can do after stealing their land.Speaking of the President, over the weekend, Senator Hillary Clinton was asked about President Bush. And she said -- this is a quote ? Im not gonna believe this president again. Yeah. Yeah, Hillary said, To be fair, I stopped believing presidents about ten years ago. Certainly, she had a bad experience.The other day in Arizona, the FBI arrested a group of military recruiters who were dealing cocaine from their recruiting offices. Yeah, when asked about the cocaine, the recruiters said, How else can we do more before 9:00 A.M. than most people do all day?Robert Gates, the new Secretary of Defense, was sworn in today. During his speech, he thanked his 93-year-old mother. Isnt that nice? After the speech, Gates 93-year-old mother told her boy to go out there and kick the Kaisers ass.Last night at the White House -- true story -- President Bush hosted a Hanukkah party and lit four candles on a menorah. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Or, as President Bush calls the menorah, that Jewish flashlight.This is weird. Police in Maine recently arrested three illegal Mexican immigrants during a routine traffic stop. Yeah, police became suspicious when they noticed Mexican people in Maine.A big survey of American sex habits was just released. Just came out -- just came out. And its got some interesting -- this is nationwide and they talked to everybody. Its comprehensive, and it just came out. And according to the new study -- this is interesting, 99% of Americans have sex by the age of 44 -- 99%; 99%, yeah. Yeah, the other 1% think The Revenge of the Sith was way better than Attack of the Clones.Well, new Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates, flew to Iraq to get a firsthand look at the situation over there. Yeah, after surveying the situation, Gates was quoted as saying, Uh-oh.In a speech yesterday, Pope Benedict -- Pope Benedict urged Catholics not to forget the real meaning of Christmas. And not to get caught up in materialism. Yeah. Of course, the Pope gave the speech from the comfort of his jewel-encrusted throne.Speaking of holidays, yesterday President Bush delivered his annual Kwanzaa message. ... The President said, Lets always remember that Kwanzaa only exists because a guy named Kwan died for our sins.Today, the governor of New Jersey signed a law allowing civil unions for gay couples. Yeah, theyve allowed it. Yeah. Experts say this means that New Jersey has finally legalized hot mullet-on-mullet action.According to a new report -- I cant believe this -- according to a new report, marijuana has now surpassed corn as Americas biggest cash crop. Corn. Yeah. Yeah, the report comes as no surprise to anyone who has ever tried smoking corn.Very important day here, in America. As youve probably seen, theres been coverage all over the place. Earlier today in Washington, funeral services were held for former President Gerald Ford, and all the living presidents were there. That doesnt happen often. They all got together. Very cool, yeah. President Carter called Ford a wonderful man. Bill Clinton called Ford a true American. And President Bush called Ford the guy who invented the automobile.This week, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was released from the hospital after breaking his leg. Yeah. Doctors say Arnolds leg will be broken for two months and his English will be broken forever.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is being criticized after he announced that he is going to have a two-day inauguration ceremony. Its normally one, and he wants a two-day ceremony. Apparently, yeah, the ceremony is two days long because it takes Arnold two days to say the word inauguration.Earlier this evening at the White House -- this is a true story -- President Bush welcomed new members of Congress with whats being referred to as a bicameral, bipartisan reception. Yeah. Or as Bush calls it, a bye-bye.The first Muslim member of Congress is planning to be sworn in on a copy of the Koran that was once owned by Thomas Jefferson. Thats cool, yeah. The congressman says he found Thomas Jeffersons Koran on the shelf next to George Washingtons Torah.Earlier today, Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia was sworn in for another term in Congress at the age of 90. Yeah. Yeah, Byrd said hes excited to be reelected. Hes looking forward to working with President Coolidge.Little controversy -- President Bush is claiming that a new postal law gives him the authority to read anyones letters without a warrant. Yeah. If youre upset about the law, you can let Bush know by writing to your sister.Big day -- earlier today, Nancy Pelosi was sworn in as Speaker of the House. Everybodys excited. Yeah, yeah. Experts say Pelosi is now the countrys most powerful non-Oprah woman.President Bush, hard at work, very hard at work right now. Yesterday, President Bush announces that his nominee for U.S. ambassador to the United Nations is a State Department official named Zalmay Khalilzad. Yeah. Or as President Bush calls him, Hey, buddy.Big news, yesterday, after being sworn in for his 9th term, 90-year-old -- 90-year-old Senator Robert Byrd shouted, Praise, Jesus! In response, Jesus said, See you in about 20 minutes.Earlier today, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced a new plan that would give everyone in California health insurance. Good for them. Yeah, everybody in -- everybody in California. Not surprisingly, it will be paid for by Blue Cross of Mexico.This is weird. Its been reported that Rudolph Giuliani has trademarked the name Rudolph Giuliani so other candidates cant use his name in negative campaign ads. They cant use -- if they want to do a negative campaign ad, they cant say his name. Yeah. For similar reasons, Hillary Clinton has trademarked the words ball buster, castrator and nut cruncher.President Bush will address the nation tomorrow night, and his speech is going to preempt the television show Deal or no Deal. Yeah. To appease fans of the show, the President will hide his Iraq strategy in one of 26 suitcases.This is weird. Al Sharpton is, I guess, getting involved in politics more thoroughly. Yesterday, Al Sharpton was asked about running for president, and he said -- this is an exact quote ? Im not hearing a lot of meat. When the meat hits the fire, well find out if theres some real meat there. Firstly, I think its a shame President Bush cant run again because that would be one hell of a debate.Police -- this is a true story. Police in North Carolina arrested a 26-year-old man for hiding marijuana in his Barbie backpack. Yeah, its true. The mans parents say that the marijuana is the second most embarrassing thing theyve heard today.Big news, earlier tonight, President Bush addressed the nation about his new Iraq plan in a live speech broadcast from the White House library. Yeah, he gave it in the White House library. Or as President Bush calls it, my books on tape room.Yesterday, President Bush called Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega to congratulate him on his election. That was nice. The phone call got off to an awkward start when Bush told Ortega that he loved his taco shells.Arnold Schwarzenegger in the news. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, I love saying that, gave a speech yesterday. When he -- and in his speech, he said he wanted to spend billions of dollars rebuilding Californias infrastructure. Thats right. Apparently, everyone thought it was a great speech, except for that 45-minute part where Arnold tried to say infrastructure.Britain in the news. Britain announced today that theyre working on plans to send the first British person to the moon. Yeah. British -- British officials say theyve already chosen an astronaut, now they just need to figure out how to dehydrate meat pudding.President Bush gave a big speech last night. That was big, yeah. In a prime time speech last night, President Bush said that he was sending in 20,000 troops to end the war. Thats right. He wasnt talking about Iraq. He was talking about the war between Rosie ODonnell and Donald Trump.Of course, after hearing the Presidents speech, Democrats in the Senate are seeking bipartisan support for a non-binding resolution opposing President Bushs deployment of his military escalation. In response, President Bush said, Huh?Someone else announced theyre running for president in 2008. Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo announced hes thinking about running for president and is now forming an exploratory committee. Yeah. So far, the only member of the committee is someone named Tom Tancredo.According to a new international survey that was just released, people in the United States believe in evolution less than any other industrialized country. Guess we dont believe in it. Yeah. When asked why they dont believe in evolution, Americans said, Kevin Federline.This week, true story, a new swimsuit for Muslim women was introduced...called the burqini. Which is a stylish, water-safe burqa meant for swimming. Thats true, yeah. The manufacturer says its perfect for the Muslim woman who loves to swim but hates being stoned to death.Big announcement from the prime minister of Iraq. I dont know if you heard this. Big, big announcement. Yesterday, in a speech the prime minister of Iraq said he wants U.S. troops to withdraw from Iraq. But he wants them to leave their guns. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, then he added, Oh, and we could also use some light bulbs and $400 billion.Vice President Dick Cheneys former chief of staff is on trial for perjury. And his lawyer says he only going to select jurors who have a favorable opinion of Dick Cheney. Yeah. Experts predict that the jury will consist of 11 vampires and a werewolf.Former President Bush -- former President Bush announced that hes planning on celebrating his 85th birthday by jumping out of a plane. Yeah, so -- so for a few minutes, there will be two George Bushes in freefall.Muslim-American groups are angry over the way Muslims are portrayed on the new season of the fox drama, 24. Yeah. Yeah, a spokesman for Fox said, If Muslims are upset about that they should see how theyre portrayed on Fox News.Yesterday, the Reverend Jesse Jackson told CNN that hes planning to endorse Barack Obama for president. Yeah, experts -- experts say this is a risky move for Jackson because hardly anything rhymes with Barack Obama.In Cambodia, a woman was found who lived alone in the jungle for 20 years and who speaks an unintelligible language. They dont know what shes saying, yeah. Experts are predicting the woman will soon move to America and become the next governor of California.It seems very early to me, but Hillary Clinton already campaigning hard in Iowa. Did you know about this? Shes in Iowa right now. And yesterday was interesting. Yesterday, on a campaign trip, Hillary Clinton suggested that she knows how to deal with evil and bad men like Osama bin Laden because she had to put up with her husband. Yeah, which explains why Hillary wants to look for bin Laden at the nearest Hooters.Iran is getting involved in Iraq. Officials in Iran say theyre planning to open a branch of the Iranian national bank in Baghdad. Thats right. Anyone who opens a new account at the Baghdad branch will receive 72 virgins and a toaster.Police in Kentucky arrested a man who had over 80 pounds of marijuana hidden in his cars tires. Yeah. Yeah, police became suspicious when they saw Snoop Dogg chasing the car for two miles.President Bush keeping very busy right now. Earlier today in Illinois, President Bush visited a Caterpillar tractor factory, and the workers -- this is true -- the workers let him drive one of the giant tractors. Yeah. And as of right now, the President and tractor are still missing.Earlier today on Wall Street, President Bush visited the New York Stock Exchange. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when President Bush asked, When do I get to meet Dow Jones?This is weird. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is considering a bill that would ban the sale of incandescent light bulbs. Yeah. Arnold isnt worried about saving energy. Hes just tired of trying to say incandescent.Barry Bonds is in the news. Yesterday, Barry Bonds agent said that Bonds could hit as many as 1,000 home runs. Yeah. Then the agent admitted hes on more drugs than Barry Bonds.Of course, people are already talking about the 08 presidential race. Thats hard to believe, isnt it? Its almost two years away. More than two years. I screwed that up. Anyway, the point is ? its a long time away. Early to bring it up. But former Clinton adviser Dick Morris said, and this is a quote, he just said this ? Hillary Clinton will be the next president, but shell be the worst president weve ever seen. Thats what he said, yeah. After hearing this -- after hearing this, President Bush said, Wait a minute, Im not finished yet.Today, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he is starting a joint energy research project with Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. Yeah. Actually, the mans name is Rod Benson, but Arnold pronounces it Blagojevich!Big news -- earlier today, former Vice President Al Gore was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize. Thats right. Gore is nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize. Yeah, Gore is being honored for his work putting both Arabs and Jews to sleep.Yesterday, thousands of Mexicans gathered in Mexico City to protest high food prices. And the protest only lasted an hour because everyone had to leave for their jobs in Los Angeles.Heres a weird story. This week, at a fashion show -- this is true -- at a fashion show in Rome, a line of dresses were introduced that feature huge pictures of Hillary Clintons face. Yeah, yeah when he heard this Bill Clinton said, Finally, Hillarys face on another womans body.Seems like half the country, now, is running for president. Yeah, everybody keeps throwing their hat in the ring. Iowa Governor Tom Vilsacks staff is handing out boxes of popcorn to promote his presidential campaign. Its his gimmick, yeah. Vilsack says that when people go into the voting booth, they should ask themselves one question ? Which candidate gave me the most popcorn?This is weird. The Exxon Mobil Corporation has just posted the largest annual profit of any company in American history -- $39.5 billion. Yeah. In fact, its worth so much their changing their name from Exxon Mobil to Exxon Oprah.Last night, Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy became the first African-American head coach to win the Super Bowl. And today, President Bush called to congratulate him. Isnt that nice? That was very nice, yeah. Yeah, there was a -- there was an awkward moment when Bush said, I also thought you were great in the halftime show.Arnold Schwarzenegger is in trouble. Did you hear about this? Arnold Schwarzenegger is in trouble after tapes surfaced of him saying negative things about other Republicans. Yeah. Actually, the Schwarzenegger tapes surfaced last year, but they werent deciphered until this week.Big story today. Follow me on this. A female astronaut has been arrested for attacking another astronauts girlfriend with a BB gun, a mallet and pepper spray after she drove 900 miles wearing a diaper. All true. Yeah. Yeah. After hearing about it, NASA officials said, We may need to add a new question to the astronaut entrance exam.The 08 presidential race heating up. Everyones throwing their hat in the ring. Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo has announced hes forming a presidential exploratory committee. Yeah, the committee wont be paid for their work, but they will get some sweet, high-paying jobs in the Tancredo Administration.And then I gotta mention this. Ted Haggard, the minister -- remember this guy? The minister who was caught with a gay prostitute? Hes just finished a three week sex addiction program. He says he is now -- this is a quote ? completely heterosexual. Hes completely heterosexual. Haggard says he will prove hes completely heterosexual by having sex only with men who are completely heterosexual. Thats his plan. I think its a good one.Of course, the big story in the country right now, everybodys discussing the crazy astronaut. We enjoying this story? Pretty good story, isnt it? Ive never heard of a better story in my entire life. Ive read all the literature in the world and this is the greatest story ever told by anybody. Its almost too good.No, yesterday, of course, astronaut Lisa Nowak was charged with several felonies after she drove 900 miles to assault another woman while wearing a diaper. Nowak was charged with attempted kidnapping and possession of a loaded diaper.Now this is interesting. Before the arrest -- before the arrest, the astronaut was apparently stalking the woman for several weeks. Yeah. Yeah, the woman suspected she was being stalked by the astronaut because every time she looked in her rearview mirror, she saw the space shuttle.Everyone in the world right now is running for the presidency in 2008. Everybody. See, the audience tonight is comprised of people who are running for president. Political experts are now saying that to win the presidency in 2008, a candidate has to get hot at the right time. Yeah, yeah. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Hillarys doomed.President Bush keeping busy. The White House just announced that President Bush is planning a trip to Mexico in March. Yeah. Yeah. Bush said he looks forward to celebrating Cinco de Marcho.Everyone is still talking about the crazy astronaut story. Yeah. Yeah. ... This week, in case you didnt know -- this week, a NASA astronaut attempted to kidnap another astronauts girlfriend using a BB gun, mallet and pepper spray after driving 900 miles wearing a diaper. Yeah. Yeah. Which would all be amazing, except that the Russians got a monkey to do it last year.Of course, I have the latest on this weeks big astronaut scandal. Have you all been following this crazy story? I have the latest. NASA just announced it has suspended astronaut Lisa Nowak for 30 days. Yeah, so everyone should rest easy knowing that the crazy diaper lady wont be operating a spacecraft until March 10th at the earliest. Thats -- yeah. Then yes, then she gets to fly one.The rumor in Hollywood right now is that Al Gore may announce hes running for president during a speech at the Academy Awards. Yeah, thats right, folks. They found a way to make Oscar speeches even more boring.This is a weird story. The government of Cuba says it is deporting a top Colombian drug lord to the United States. Yeah. This means the Cuban government is kicking out the one person in Cuba who doesnt want to go to America.Big news over the weekend. Senator Barack Obama announced hes running for president. Thats big. Excited? Very big. Thats right. Yesterday, Senator Barack Obama gave a speech in front of thousands of people in Iowa. Thats right. During the speech, Obama pointed out his family in the crowd, which was unnecessary since he was in Iowa. Someones like, We know. We see them, yes.This weekend, President Bush kept busy. President Bush gave a speech honoring Abraham Lincolns birthday. Yeah. It was an awkward moment when Bush referred to Lincoln as the guy who invented the penny.Valentines Day is tomorrow. And in a recent interview -- this is interesting -- First Lady Laura Bush said that President Bush always forgets Valentines Day. Thats what she said. She said he always forgets Valentines Day. The First Lady went on to say unless the holiday has a bunny or a flying reindeer, forget it.Mitt Romney announced hes running for president. If he wins, hed be the first Mormon president. Thats right. Yeah, first Mormon president. Apparently, Romney is planning on winning the soccer mom vote by marrying all of them.Yesterday at an international conference, an official from Cuba -- an official from Cuba said that his country restricts use of the Internet because its a wild, new technology. Yeah. Other wild, new technologies in Cuba include the 8-track, the typewriter and Tupperware. Theyre still getting used to that.According to a new survey -- this is nice -- 26% of people say they have a crush on someone they work with. Yeah. Unfortunately, the survey was taken at NASA.Earlier today, The New York Post ? theyre always right -- they printed a headline that read Osama when they meant to say Obama. Yeah, yeah. Big mistake.It was a challenging Valentines Day. Many people in the east decided to cancel their Valentines Day plans because of yesterdays horrible snow and ice storm. Yeah. Yeah, as a result, Bill Clinton was forced to spend the evening with Hillary.Yesterday -- this was kind of shocking. The tabloid The New York Post printed a headline that read Osama when they meant to say Obama. Yeah. Yeah, The Post apologized and said, It will happen again. Youll be seeing a lot of that.Presidents keeping busy. Yesterday, President Bush gave a speech warning Americans about the threat from Iran. Yeah. Afterwards, the President admitted he took an old Iraq speech and replaced all the qs with ns.Wal-Marts in the news. Wal-Mart announced it is remodeling its stores to attract more upscale customers. Yeah. Thats right. Step one to attract upscale customers is take down the signs that say Wal-Mart.Daytona 500 this weekend. ... Yesterday, NASCAR penalized a racing team for using a banned substance to make their car go faster. Yeah. Officials say the banned supercharged substance is a liquid called Barry Bonds urine.Of course, today is -- is Presidents Day. And you should know this. President Bush marked the occasion. Thats right. In honor of Presidents Day, President Bush put a call in to his dad, Jimmy Carter, and the black guy from 24. It was good. Thats his favorite president ever. That guys good. Hes real good.Of course, politics in the air. The latest political rumor -- this is the latest political rumor, is that if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency, she will be replaced in the Senate by her husband Bill Clinton. Yeah. Yeah, thats true. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, Bill Clinton said, I dream of replacing Hillary every day.Today for the first time ever, New Jersey allowed homosexuals to enter into civil unions. Yeah, yeah. Now -- yeah, good. Yeah, now they just have to find a homosexual who will admit they live in New Jersey.Things getting very nasty in Washington today. Today, the White House denied an assertion by Senator Harry Reid that the Iraq war is the worst foreign policy mistake in US history. They denied it, yeah. White House said, You have to realize that President Bush has two more years in office. Give it time. Give it time.Speaking of the President, earlier today, President Bush spoke on the phone with the prime minister of Australia. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, when the prime minister told him it was tomorrow in Australia, Bushs head exploded.Big international news. Thats right. I dont know if you heard, but yesterday, the British government announced theyre going to begin pulling their troops out of Iraq. Yeah. Of course -- of course, it could take them awhile, because theyre flying home on JetBlue.This is interesting. Denmark and Lithuania have also announced that theyre pulling their troops out of Iraq. Yeah. Actually, its just one guy whos half-Danish and half-Lithuanian. Named Thor Nisdale.Of course, the 08 race heating up. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have both set up MySpace pages. But Barack -- this is true. They both have set up MySpace pages. That was the true part. This is also true. Barack has twice as many MySpace friends as Hillary. Thats true. Yeah, he has twice as many, yeah. In fact, Obamas MySpace page is almost as impressive as Bill Clintons page on Match.com.Ive got some international news Im going to start with. I dont know if youre aware of this, but Denmark and Lithuania have announced theyre going to pull their troops out of Iraq. Denmark and Lithuania. Theyre taking them out, yeah. Yeah, apparently Denmark and Lithuania are going to pull out on the same day so all four guys can carpool.Of course, President Bush is busy. President Bush flew to North Carolina today to discuss ideas for cutting gas consumption. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the best idea was for Bush to not fly Air Force One to North Carolina. He should take a bike next time.This week, of course, big story on the campaign trail. Senator Hillary Clinton and Senator Barack Obama have been sniping at each other back and forth. Yeah, its getting very ugly, yeah. The good news for Obama is all this bickering with Hillary is making him look presidential.Yesterday, at a political rally, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger called John McCain a great senator and a very good friend. Thats what he said, yeah. Yeah, apparently -- apparently, Arnold likes McCain because its so much easier to pronounce than Giuliani.Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack announced today hes dropping out of the 2008 presidential race. Our Vilsack dreams are crushed, ladies and gentlemen.Tom Vilsack dropping out, yeah. Vilsack says he dropped out because he had incredibly low name recognition, and that was among his wife and children.Big news this week, presidential candidate Barack Obama was endorsed by former Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota. Thats right, yeah. This is big, yeah. Daschle -- Daschle is the first major Democrat to endorse Obama and the first person in South Dakota to see a black man.President Bush, of course, keeping busy. President Bush went to North Carolina this week to discuss alternative fuels. And he participated in a panel on cellulosic ethanol. Yeah. Or as Bush calls it, That stuff.Last night, of course, Helen Mirren won an Oscar for her role in The Queen. And now -- this is the latest -- the real queen of England has invited her to have tea at Buckingham Palace. Yeah, the real queen, yeah. Yeah. Meanwhile, President Bush has extended a similar invitation to Larry the Cable Guy.Actress Angelina Jolie is in the news. Angelina Jolie is joining the prestigious Council on Foreign Relations. Thats right. In a related story, Kofi Annan will be playing the part of Lara Croft in Tomb Raider 3.JetBlue Airlines ? theyre having a hard time these days, and their hard times continue. JetBlue Airlines is experiencing more flight delays and cancellations because of another winter storm. It happened again, yeah. Yeah, in their defense, JetBlue says, Were really more of a May through August airline.U.S. Government -- this is weird, but its true, apparently. The U.S. government has hired several psychics to help find Osama bin Laden. Theyve hired psychics to help find Osama bin Laden, yeah. So far, the psychics havent been able to locate bin Laden, but they do predict that soon, hell find true love.Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney says he plans to differentiate himself from President Bush with a single word -- intelligence. Thats what he said. Yeah, he ? thats what he said. He said, intelligence. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Intelligence? Thats two words.Well, Tom Vilsack, of course, dropped out. Since former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack dropped out of the presidential race four days ago, Vilsack supporters are divided about which candidate to support now. Yeah. Apparently, one guy likes Obama; the other guys backing Hillary. There are only two.A new poll finds that President Bushs father, George Bush, is the most popular living ex-president. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Apparently, voters were just excited to hear the words George Bush next to the phrase ex-president.Dont know if we have any baseball fans, but baseball season about to start. Big scandal in baseball. Yesterday, police busted a steroid lab. They think that Barry Bonds was a customer. Yeah, police think Bonds was a customer because the lab is named The Barry Bonds Steroid Lab.Yesterday, Cuban dictator Fidel Castro called into a radio talk show and said hes feeling much better. Yeah, Castro started his call by saying, Hi, this is Fidel from Havana, long-time dictator, first-time caller.Speaking of Cuba, some politicians in Florida are trying to ban the use of the term illegal alien, because they think its offensive. Yeah. The Florida officials say, We prefer the term good swimmer.Hillary Clinton, of course, running for president. Hillary Clintons campaign is bragging that Hillary has raised over $1 million on the Internet. Yeah. In a related story, Bill Clinton is bragging that he has spent more than $1 million on the Internet.The other day -- true story -- an American Airlines employee tried to let former Vice President Al Gore bypass airport security, but guards stopped Gore and made him go through the metal detector. Thats true, yeah. Yeah the -- good, yeah. The head of security said, We had to search Al Gore. He could have been armed with a speech.Madame Tussauds wax museum is opening a new location in Washington, D.C., and the greeter at the front door will be Abraham Lincoln. If you go there, Abraham Lincoln will greet you at the front door. Yeah, meanwhile, the wax Bill Clinton will be greeting women in the ladies room.President Bush visited a Mayan temple this weekend in Guatemala. And afterwards, true story, Mayan leaders performed a cleansing ceremony to clear Bushs bad energy. Yeah, thats what they did. They performed a cleansing ceremony. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, Bush got upset and said, Oh, yeah? He who smelt it, dealt it.After visiting Guatemala, President Bush flew to Mexico. Thats right. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush greeted the Mexicans by saying, Hello, future Californians. And they thanked him and went north. Yeah. To their jobs.President Bush was in Mexico today. And he met with Mexican President Calderon to talk about immigration issues. Thats right. Yeah. Unfortunately, things were cut short when during the meeting, President Calderon immigrated to California.And this is interesting -- while in Mexico, true story, President Bush visited the ruins of an ancient Mayan city. Thats right. Yeah. And there was an awkward moment when Bush said, We will get the evildoers who did this.Earlier today, the President returned from a week-long trip to Latin America. Thats right. When asked about it, Bush said, Actually, I went to Latin America, Latin Mexico and Latin Guatemala.Big controversy -- the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff recently upset gay activists because he said that a homosexual act between two individuals is immoral. Yeah. Then, the chairman added, Unless its two chicks.The movie 300 is setting box office records, but there is a controversy. The country of Iran is reportedly angry over the depiction of the Persian Empire in the movie 300. Thats true. Not only that, the Syrian governments upset that Eddie Murphy didnt win an Oscar for Dreamgirls.YouTube is being sued for $1 billion by the media company Viacom because Viacom says YouTube has been showing their clips without permission. Yeah. Yeah, YouTube says that if they owe Viacom $1 billion, they owe at last $2 billion to that bear who fell on the trampoline.I dont know if you know this, but while President Bush was in Mexico this week, he kept sprinkling Spanish words and phrases into all his speeches. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, at one point, Bush told the Mexicans that their country is mucho Salma Hayek.During a recent campaign speech, Barack Obama complemented his opponent, John Edwards, by calling him kind of cute. Yeah. Yeah, and then he said that Hillary -- then he said that Hillary Clinton has a really great personality.The California Legislature announced that they have moved their state president primary from June to February. Thats right. Yeah, when asked why, a California lawmaker said, Because its really fun to hear Governor Schwarzenegger try to say February.At the White House today, big news. President Bush celebrated St. Patricks Day by saluting prominent Irish-Americans. Isnt that nice? Yeah, Bush praised Sandra Day OConnor, Tip ONeill and Barack OBama.Economists -- this is a true fact -- economists are predicting that this year, on St. Patricks Day, consumers will spend $4 billion. Yeah. Unfortunately, about $2 billion of it is going to end up all over their shoes.I dont know if you saw this, but earlier today...the worlds largest airliner flew from Europe to New York. The planes wingspan is as wide as a football field. Isnt that cool? It was great. Yeah, this thing is huge. Its huge, yeah. In fact, the plane is so big, it can carry 500 passengers, or 80 Americans.Today is the fourth anniversary of the war in Iraq. Thats right. Yeah, when asked about it, President Bush said, See, and people said it would never last.Hooters announced its opening up its first restaurant in the Holy Land. Yeah, after hearing this, Bill Clinton said, As far as Im concerned, Hooters is the Holy Land.Heres the latest in the world of politics. Al Sharpton and Barack Obama spoke on the phone for about five minutes yesterday. They have reportedly put their differences behind them. Yeah. So yeah, theyre friends now. Yeah. Yeah, which means Obama can get back to running for president, and Sharpton can get back to doing whatever the hell it is he does.Some Republicans in Washington are looking for a replacement for Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, but apparently they need to find an experienced legal mind that President Bush is comfortable with. Yeah. As a result, the number one candidate is Judge Judy.Yesterday, President Bush -- President Bush spoke with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki via a video conference call. Yeah, big video conference. Or as Bush calls it, a phone call you got to wear pants for.Yesterday, on the Today show, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said he doesnt care what Rush Limbaugh says because Rush Limbaugh is irrelevant. Yeah, Arnold started pronouncing irrelevant during the Today show and finished pronouncing it during the Nightly News. Yeah, it takes a long time.Big news -- Karl Rove was subpoenaed today. ... No, today, and this is true -- today, after Congress subpoenaed presidential adviser Karl Rove, President Bush said he will allow Rove to answer questions, but not under oath. True story, yeah. Yeah, the President said, Im all for him talking as long as he doesnt have to tell the truth.The state of Florida is funding an anti-gravity classroom that allows students to experience weightlessness. Yeah. Not surprisingly, in the anti-gravity classroom, the American kids still weigh 160 pounds.This is the latest. Players on the San Francisco Giants say they dont mind playing with Barry Bonds, because they think they may learn something just by watching him. Yeah. Yeah, Bonds teammates say that, so far, theyve learned 75 different ways to administer a flu shot.Yesterday, Al Gore told members of Congress, this is a quote, That the planet has a fever and it needs a doctor. Yeah. When they heard this, the Congressmen asked Gore, You won an Oscar for this?Sources at the Pentagon -- this is interesting -- say that several factories in Iraq will soon begin making clothes to be sold in the United States. Yeah, thats right. Yeah, cause Americans only want two things from Iraq, a stable central government and affordable, quality menswear.This is very nice. At a Washington museum, a new exhibit is about to open that features a first grade report card of President Bushs where he received straight As. Isnt that nice? Yeah, thats very nice. Yeah. Yeah, this sounds impressive, but President Bush was 23 at the time.The 08 presidential campaign, well underway. Thats hard to believe, but its really grinding along already. This is the latest. Country legend Merle Haggard has written a tribute song called Hillary that is supportive of Hillary Clinton. Yeah. Yeah, Bill Clinton has also written a tribute song called Hilary, but its about Hilary Duff.Speaking of the campaign, earlier today, Republican presidential candidate John McCain spent the day campaigning in Newark, New Jersey. Yeah. Yeah. Afterwards, McCain said, Oh, my God, and I thought Vietnam was bad.This week, NBC and the Fox Network announced theyre going to join forces to create a new broadcast portal that will compete with YouTube. Yeah. Yeah, this amazing new broadcast portal is called television.Governor Schwarzenegger making news all the time. In a recent speech, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger told his audience, this is a quote, Dont believe the platitudes of a politician. Yeah. Of course, when Arnold said it, it sounded like, Dont believe the platypus of a bad optician.Big news, the Reverend Al Sharpton announced yesterday he is not running for president. Yeah. In a related story, nobody asked.During a press conference today, this is interesting, President Bush was asked if he knew the current price of a gallon of gasoline and Bushs answer was within a few pennies. He did well, yeah, which isnt surprising, because Bush spends most of the day watching The Price Is Right.Republican candidates are announcing their first quarter fundraising totals so far. Apparently, theyre doing very well. Theyve raised a lot. Mitt Romney announced hes raised $23 million. Rudy Giuliani said hes raised $15 million. And Congressman Tom Tancredo announced hes raised two children.Earlier today, the president of Iran released the 15 British hostages, and the hostages say they were well treated and were not tortured. Thats good. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. The hostages said, Not once were we forced to eat British food.Everyone was surprised that the hostages were released so quickly. I guess it was only about 13 days. When asked why they were released, Irans president said, We realized that whole Iranian hostage thing is so 1979.The Walt Disney Company announced theyre going to allow gay couples to hold Disney weddings that feature a Cinderella coach, costumed trumpeters and Mickey and Minnie Mouse in formal attire. This is big. Theyre going to allow it. Yeah. All that stuff, yeah. Yeah. However, most same-sex couples say they arent interested, because it sounds too gay.President Bush is spending six days at his ranch in Texas. He says he will not -- he will not attend the annual White House Easter Egg Roll. Yeah. When asked why, the President said, Someone ruined it last year by inviting a bunch of children. He didnt -- yeah. He was mad about that.A lot going on in the world. Of course, our President working hard. President Bush hard at work on the immigration issue right now. Trying to fix that problem. This is the latest. Earlier today, just a few hours ago, President Bush was in Arizona and he inspected an unmanned plane thats used to patrol the border. Yeah. At least the plane was supposed to be unmanned. It turns out they found six Mexicans inside.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced hes going to appear on the show Pimp My Ride. Yeah, Governor Arnold Schwarzeneggers going to be on Pimp My Ride. This is, of course, great news for fans of the show, but bad news for the guy who does the closed captioning.This is weird. Its a couple of days late. But yesterday, the White House finally got around to having its annual Easter egg roll. They just did it yesterday. Yeah. And... there were several cartoon characters there, including Clifford the Big Red Dog, Bugs Bunny and Charlie Brown. Yeah. Yeah, nice, yeah. Yeah, afterwards -- afterwards, President Bush said, Finally, a summit meeting I enjoyed.This week, an image of the Virgin Mary appeared in a tree along the Mexican border. Yeah. Yeah, not surprisingly, the tree snuck into the US two weeks ago.The White House says it wants to appoint a high-powered official to oversee the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and issue directions to the Pentagon and the State Department. Yeah. Yeah, this person would be called the President of the United States.Just days after her controversial trip to Syria, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced shes considering taking another controversial trip, this time to Iran. Yeah. Yeah, and even worse, when Pelosi gets back, shes going fishing with Don Imus.A producer has been fired from CBS News because Katie Couric taped a story for the news that turned out to be plagiarized from The Wall Street Journal. Yeah. Yeah, viewers became suspicious when they noticed that Couric was reading the story directly out of The Wall Street Journal.Dont know if youve heard this. I have the latest on the Don Imus scandal. You keeping up with this? I have the latest. This thing may be over now, I guess. Yeah, yesterday, Imus was fired by MSNBC. And then today, he was also fired by CBS. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, when reached for comment, Imus said, I cant believe Ive been kicked off TV and Sanjaya hasnt.In a recent interview, Hillary Clinton said she doesnt lie awake at night worrying about attacks from her political opponents. Yeah. Yeah, but she does lie awake at night wondering where the hell her husband is.Somehow -- I dont know how, but somehow, even though hes now been fired, and youd think it would all be over, the Imus story continues. Thats right. Its still all anybodys talking about. Today -- this is the latest -- Hillary Clinton announced she will now meet with the Rutgers womens basketball team. Yeah, yeah. Hillary Clintons going to meet with them. In a related story, Bill Clinton announced hes going to meet with the Rutgers womens swimming, volleyball and gymnastics teams.Of course, Don Imus is now off the air. Been fired from CBS, MSNBC and -- yeah. Well, today, Don Imus made a point of thanking one of his sponsors, Bigelow Tea, for sticking by him. Yeah. Thats right. Thanked them, yeah. Imus said, I want to reward Bigelow Teas loyalty by publicly linking them to racism one last time.Earlier today, President Bush met with the president of Peru. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Yeah, when the Peruvian president invited Bush to visit Machu Picchu, Bush said, Great. I love Pokemon. Machu Picchus my favorite.Speaking of politics, yesterday, Bill Clinton announced hell be traveling to Russia to attend the funeral of former president of Russia, Boris Yeltsin. Yeah. At least, thats what hes telling Hillary.Good news. New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg is busy. He says he wants to copy an antipoverty program thats currently used in Mexico, use it here. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, Mexico has a great antipoverty program ? its called a bus ticket to Los Angeles.What else is going on? Of course, President Bush is busy. Later this week, President Bush will meet with the prime minister of Japan. Yeah. Or as President Bush calls him, Mr. Miagi.Hey, former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreeveys ex-wife says in her new book that McGreevey is not really homosexual. Yeah. Yeah. He says hes homosexual. Shes saying, no, hes not really homosexual. Yeah. McGreevey was furious and said, How many guys do you have to screw to get your wife to call you gay?!I dont know if youre aware of this, but the first Democratic presidential debate was held earlier tonight. It was big event, and it featured Senator Hillary Clinton facing off against seven men. Thats right, yeah. Or as Bill Clinton calls it, the worst porn movie plot ever.Yesterday President Bush visited a school in New York City, and before his visit, the city filled in all the potholes near the school. Yeah. Not only that, before the Presidents visit, the school hid all the sharp objects and covered the electric sockets with plastic protectors. Safety first.Hillary Clinton says if she is elected president, shell use Bill Clinton as an ambassador because -- this is a quote ? she cant think of a better cheerleader for America. Thats right, yeah. Yes, to which Bill Clinton said, I can think of 20, and I have their phone numbers.And Ive got to mention this. In an effort to help the environment, Sheryl Crow has proposed using only one square of toilet paper when going to the bathroom. Thats what she says, yeah, one square. In a related story, dont ever shake hands with Sheryl Crow.San Franciscos terrific. Its a unique place. Its the only city in the world where marijuana is legal, but plastic bags are not.Everyone here though is so nice and welcoming. True story, even Mayor Gavin Newsom sent me flowers. Isnt that nice? Nice? Yeah. Yeah, when I tried to thank him, he said, Theyre for your wife.I read that the mayor of San Francisco is planning to make this city a sanctuary for illegal immigrants. Yeah. As a result, San Francisco is changing its name to Los Angeles.Well, this is the latest on the freeway. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger inspected the freeway collapse yesterday. And afterwards, Arnold said he will do everything he can to minimize the impact on commuters. Yeah. Of course, when Arnold said it, it sounded like, Minnie Mouse is packing my kimono.San Francisco has several nicknames -- the Golden Gate City, the City by the Bay, or my favorite, LA with Books.Last night, San Francisco Giant Hall of Famer Orlando Cepeda was arrested after he was pulled over for speeding and found with marijuana and what appeared to be... cocaine, thats right. Yeah, Cepeda insists it was medical marijuana and medical cocaine.A little fun fact for you. This theater was built in 1926. Thats right, yeah. Back then...in San Francisco, a cup of coffee cost a nickel, cable car cost a dime, and the rent for a studio apartment was only $4,000.The San Francisco mayors race is heating up. There are now 13 candidates running against Gavin Newsom. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, Mayor Newsom said, Im looking forward to debating all the candidates and nailing their wives.The whole San Francisco lifestyle is really starting to rub off on me. Yeah. Today, today I -- yeah, Im becoming more like the people of San Francisco. Today, I realized I was wearing a suit and tie, so I gave myself the finger.Ive got to say, everybody has been so nice to me here in San Francisco. True story -- earlier, earlier today, Mayor Gavin Newsom invited me over for a sandwich. Yeah, yeah. After that -- after that, we had lunch.The Republican presidential debate was held tonight in California, and ten candidates took part. Thats right, political experts say that the 10 Republican candidates represented all races, creeds and colors of rich white men.Of course, medical marijuana is legal in San Francisco. Its legal here. Its a good thing. Yeah. Yeah, and thats a -- thats a good thing, because I was watching our audience line up for tonights show, and apparently, theres been a huge outbreak of glaucoma.Last night in this state of California, the first Republican debate was held at the Reagan Presidential Library and...the candidates tried to distance themselves from President Bush. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, the first step in distancing yourself from President Bush is appearing at a library.As you all know, the Barry Bonds home run saga has generated some controversy. Its such a compelling story, that our network, NBC, has already hard at work on a baseball made-for-TV movie. Thats right. The casting for this baseball movie is top secret, but I managed to get a sneak peek. Im going to share the casting with you right now. ... The man who initiated the investigation of steroid use in professional sports, President George W. Bush, will be played by Patrick from SpongeBob.Earlier today, at the White House, President Bush met with Queen Elizabeth II. Isnt that nice? Yeah. Met with Queen Elizabeth II. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush called her Queen Elizabeth the sequel.The Washington Post reports that Senator Hillary Clinton is trying to win the Democratic nomination by reaching out to women. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Oh, sure. When she does it, its okay.Yesterday in Mexico...a new world record was set when 18,000 Mexicans stripped off their clothes for a nude group photo. True story, yeah. Yeah, then they set another record for the most nude people to sneak across the Mexican border.The British press is angry. Theyre claiming that President Bush disrespected the Queen because he accidentally suggested she was over 200 years old and then winked at her. ... Yeah...when President Bush noticed the Queen was annoyed, he said, Shake it off and slapped her ass.Speaking of presidents, this week, former President Bill Clinton wrote the clues for a New York Times crossword puzzle, which explains why the clue for number nine down is, synonym for pain in the ass rhyming with millary.Earlier this week, President Bush hosted a state dinner in Queen Elizabeths honor. And the guests included Trent Lott, Elisabeth Hasselbeck from The View and the winning jockey from the Kentucky Derby. Yeah, which explains why the Queen was overheard saying, This party bites the big one.In Iran, President Ahmadinejad is apparently so unpopular that the parliament has voted to take away his powers and shorten his term. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, That lucky bastard. Sounds good to me.Prime Minister Tony Blair of England just announced that he will step down next month, which means that President Bush is going to lose his closest foreign ally. Its tough. Yeah, Bush was sad and said, Now the only foreign leader I can trust is Arnold Schwarzenegger.This week, a group of Republican congressmen asked President Bush what his Plan B is if the current Iraq plan doesnt work. Yeah, the Plan B discussion was difficult for him because it involves two areas where hes extremely vulnerable -- Iraq and the alphabet.Of course, the presidential race heating up. This week, Republican presidential candidate Duncan Hunter revealed that he drives a Chevy Suburban with 274,000 miles on it. Yeah, despite all those miles, the Suburban still has a much better chance of making it to the 08 election than Duncan Hunter.Big news from England. You all heard about this? Yesterday, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announced that he will step down next month. Hes stepping down, yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, President Bush said, Thats a shame. Hes the only world leader who took the time to learn English.Of course, the elections are heating up. In a recent interview, Senator John McCain says the last music he bought was the Beach Boys, while Mitt Romney says the last music he bought was Roy Orbison. Yeah, apparently McCain and Romney are both running for president in 1964.Wal-Mart has announced that they are going to open health clinics in some of their stores. Wal-Mart health clinics, yeah. Wal-Marts health clinics are for people who dont want to spend money on those fancy Kmart doctors.This weekend, in Virginia, President Bush attended some big event. And I guess he got up at one point...on the spur of the moment and conducted a 400-piece orchestra. ... Apparently, it was the first time a 400-piece orchestra has ever played The Wheels On the Bus.No, speaking of the President, the other day, a group that researches ancestry announced that President Bush is a descendant of Pocahontas. Yeah, Native Americans were furious and said, Great, first you take our land, now you blame us for President Bush.Presidential campaign is heating up. Earlier today, Senator Barack Obama was endorsed by the mayor of Newark, New Jersey. Thats right. Afterwards, Obama told the Newark mayor, Thanks, but do you mind keeping this between us?Speaking of the campaign, in a new video promoting Hillary Clintons campaign, former President Clinton says -- this is a quote ? Of all the candidates, Hillary has the best combination of mind and heart. Yeah. And he said, Unfortunately, those are the only two parts of the female body that dont turn me on.Did you hear this? The government in Iran has now forbidden men to trim their eyebrows or use hair gel. Yeah. Yeah, an Iran spokesperson said, Its not a religious issue. We just dont want our men to look like Ryan Seacrest.The government of Iran has issued orders telling men that they are not allowed to wear ties to work. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, its a little known fact that Prophet Mohammad was a turtleneck guy.In a new video promoting Hillary Clintons campaign, former President Clinton says there are a lot of things about Hillary that voters may not know. Yeah. Yeah, then he said, For instance, did you know that she has a smoking-hot assistant?The presidential campaign well under way, the big 08 campaign. Last night, Fox News aired the second Republican presidential debate. Yeah. Yeah, my favorite part was when the white guy went after those two white guys and three other white guys chimed in.I dont know if you saw it, but during last nights Republican debate, Mike Huckabee got a big laugh when he said that Congress has been spending money like John Edwards at a beauty salon. Yeah. Yeah, then Huckabee got an even bigger laugh when he said hes running for president.Hillary Clintons been endorsed by porn star Jenna Jameson. Jamesons exact quote was, Im endorsing Hillary, so tell Bill Clinton to stop bothering me.Today at the White House, President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair held their last joint press conference. Yeah. In other words, it was the last time they played Christopher Robin and Pooh.Yesterday...at the White House, President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair held their last joint press conference. Yeah. President Bush says hes going to miss listening to Tony Blair, because when he closes his eyes, Blair sounds just like C-3PO.I wasnt aware of this, but the area around Florida is suffering from a severe drought that has gone on for 18 months; 18 months, yeah. In fact, the water level is now so low, Cubans are walking to Miami.This week in New York, a school teacher received a box without a return address that contained 12 pounds of marijuana. Yeah. Afterwards, the teacher said, It sure beats the hell out of an apple.A concerts being planned to celebrate Nelson Mandelas birthday. And friends say that Mandela wants the Spice Girls to perform. Yeah, apparently, 27 years in prison really screws with your taste in music.Big news about the 08 presidential election. Florida just announced it has moved up its primary to January 29th. Thats right. Yeah, this will give Florida voters a chance to get to the polls earlier and cast their votes for Herbert Hoover.The president of Iraq, Jalal Talabani, came to America today to check into a weight loss clinic, because hes dangerously obese. Apparently, Talabani is the only Iraqi these days worried about dying of natural causes.C-SPAN is launching a new satellite radio station that will be completely dedicated to covering the 2008 presidential election. Thats right. Experts say that listening to C-SPAN is the perfect solution for people who find watching C-SPAN too stimulating.This week, Congress is considering issuing a no confidence resolution concerning Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. After hearing this, President Bush said, You know, thats not going to help his confidence.Barack Obama recently spent two days campaigning in New Hampshire. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, everywhere, everywhere...he went in New Hampshire, Obama was greeted with shouts of Go Barack, Beat Hillary, and Hey, look, its a black guy!President of Iraq Jalal Talabani is apparently dangerously obese, so he came to the United States to check into a weight loss clinic. ... Talabani says he came here because America may not know how to run Iraq, but they sure as hell know how to run a fat camp.Yesterday, at his ranch in Texas, President Bush hosted the leader of NATO. Yeah. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush said, Maybe someday, I could visit you in Natonia.Former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreeveys ex-wife says that when she found out her husband was gay she went to Hillary Clinton for advice. Yeah, Hillary said, Gay? I wish I had your problem.Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has come to the United States and checked into a weight loss clinic, because hes dangerously obese. Yes, Im not kidding about that. ... A spokesperson for the clinic said, You cant blame the leader of Iraq for eating every meal like its his last.Very weird story from the White House. I dont know if youve heard this. True story. Yesterday, at a press conference in the Rose Garden, President Bush was speaking when a bird pooped on him. Thats a true story. Konk! Yeah, and then, apparently, the bird spent the rest of the day high-fiving other birds.This week, Vice President Dick Cheneys daughter, Mary, and her partner, Heather, had a baby boy. Thats very nice. Yeah. Yeah, very nice. Afterwards, Dick Cheney teared up and said, Ive been asking her to bring a boy home for 30 years.According to a new survey -- check this out -- Democrats in Washington are going on a lot more dates since they became the majority in Congress. Yeah, since they became the majority, theyre going on more dates. Which makes sense, cause theres no bigger aphrodisiac than extremely limited legislative power.President Bush is in the Czech Republic right now. And today, he met with the Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek. Yeah. Or, as Bush likes to call him, Hey, Slugger.During last nights Democratic debate, all the candidates said that if they were elected, they would get rid of the militarys dont ask, dont tell policy for gay soldiers. ... Yeah, dont ask, dont tell will be replaced by the new policy, dont tell me youre wearing those boots with that gun.Earlier tonight -- big story -- after serving eight years in jail, assisted suicide doctor, Jack Kevorkian, was on Larry King Live, and when Kevorkian saw Larry King, he said, I swear he was like that when I got here.Earlier today, big news, Scooter Libby, former aide to Vice President Cheney, was sentenced to 30 months in prison. ... Yeah, its true. Yeah, afterwards, Scooter said, I just hope I have the chance to clear my incredibly stupid name.President Bush is in Europe, right now, for the G8 summit this week. And at one point, protesters got so out of hand that police used a water cannon on them. Yeah. Yeah, then President Bush did his part by pulling out his super soaker.Last night, in New Hampshire...ten Republican presidential candidates took part in a debate. Yeah, it was big news. Experts say, It was like many of historys classic debates, except with eight extra people.Yesterday, at the G8 summit, Russian President Vladimir Putin offered to let President Bush build a missile defense system in Azerbaijan. Yeah. There was an awkward moment when Bush said, I believe the correct pronunciation is Abracadabra.This weekend, President Bush visited Albania, and everywhere his motorcade drove, he was greeted with cheers and applause. Thats right. Yeah, the Albanians were really excited and kept saying, Look, a car!Yesterday, President Bush talked about his immigration Bill. And he said -- this is a quote -- The political process is two steps forward, one step back. Yeah. Then Bush said, Its just like The Hokey-Pokey.This week in the country of Albania, President George Bush was mobbed by adoring, cheering crowds. Yeah. Yeah, Bush was overheard saying, I wonder who theyre mixing me up with?Earlier today, President Bush gave a speech at a Republican luncheon where he pushed his immigration bill. Yeah. Reportedly, the Republicans in attendance didnt care for the speech, but the guys in the kitchen loved it.CBS News reports that the Pentagon once considered building a bomb filled with hormones that would turn enemy soldiers gay. Its true. A bomb filled with hormones that would turn the enemy gay, yeah. Experts say that the gay bomb would have meant battlefield victories for the U.S. and higher ratings for the Tony Awards.President Bush met with the Pope this weekend. And he made a mistake, because instead of calling the Pope Your Holiness, Bush called him sir. Which youre not supposed to do. Yeah. Yeah, then, instead of kissing the Popes ring, Bush went for a high-five and said, Up top, Popey!Last week, when President Bush was in Albania, they named a street after him. Thats right. Yeah, during the street naming ceremony, Bush told the Albanians, Im honored to be standing here on Lame Duck Boulevard.Yesterday, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger told a Latino group that if immigrants want to learn English, they should not read foreign language newspapers. ... Yeah, the Latino group told Arnold, How about you tell us how you learned English, and well do the opposite.Bill Clinton earned more than $10 million last year from giving speeches, but he says he gave half of it to charity. Yep. Clinton gives the other half to her sister, Tiffany.Republican presidential candidates Sam Brownback and Tom Tancredo both promised that, if they are elected president, they will pardon Scooter Libby. Yeah, yeah. So sorry, Scooter, you are going to jail.This morning, in Washington, President Bush attended the 6th Annual Hispanic Prayer Breakfast. Its a good thing to do, yeah. Yeah. At the breakfast, President Bush showed off his Spanish by ordering el Capitan Cruncho.The Iranian parliament has passed a law calling for the execution of all Iranian porn stars. Its true. Yeah, of course, of course, in Iran, a porn movie is any movie where a woman exposes her chin.Yesterday, Angel Cabrera from Argentina won the U.S. Open golf tournament. Very exciting, yeah. Yeah, Cabrera was congratulated. And then a group of Republican senators had him deported.Its been reported that Barack Obamas Secret Service code name...is Renegade. Very cool, yeah. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton is still using her old Secret Service name, Ballbuster.Speaking of the candidates, today Republican presidential candidate Sam Brownback kicked off a 1,200-mile campaign trip through Iowa. Yeah. Brownback said, Im not going to stop until I find someone who knows who the hell I am.Interesting news, according to a new poll, 15% of Americans say that Senator Hillary Clinton gives them the creeps. ... The other 85% say she gives them the willies or the heebie-jeebies.The White House announced that this summer, President Bush plans to meet with the president of Mexico. ... The two presidents will meet in the capital of Mexico, Los Angeles.Weird story. Over the weekend, in the West Bank, Palestinian gunmen overtook the former home of Yasser Arafat and stole his Nobel Peace Prize. ... Yeah, after hearing about it, the Dalai Lama said, If anyone messes with my Nobel Peace Prize, I will f them up!The FDA announced that the new fat-blocking drug, Alli, can cause gas and diarrhea. The drug comes in three forms -- pills, capsules and chimichangas.Yesterday, a top aide to Rudy Giuliani was busted for possessing and distributing cocaine. Yeah, when asked about it, Giuliani said, Cocaine? I asked him to get me Rogaine.A new comic book has come out that features Latino superheroes. Yeah. ... Apparently, the Latino superheroes can leap over the border in a single bound.Hillary Clinton has a new campaign ad that spoofs the Sopranos finale. In the ad she orders carrot sticks at a diner, then switches the jukebox to a Celine Dion song. Yeah, Hillarys calling the ad a lot of fun. And Bill is calling it a chilling window into his personal hell.A new report that just came out suggest that television journalists are biased, because 90% of the money they donate to politicians goes to Democrats. Yeah. Apparently, its true, because earlier today, Larry King sent a huge check to President Woodrow Wilson.Earlier today, Yankee Jason Giambi told Major League Baseball he will testify about his own steroid use, but he will not mention the names of any other players. Instead, Giambi says hes going to talk about someone whose name rhymes with Harry Honds.The committee in charge of President Bushs presidential library said that they want the building to reflect the spirit of the Bush presidency. In other words, Were just going to build some stuff and see what happens.This week in Texas, a fire broke out in a warehouse that was storing 2,000 pounds of marijuana. Officials say that more than 60 firefighters and 2,000 college students responded to the blaze.But earlier today, a new list of the seven wonders of the world was unveiled. The list includes the Great Wall of China, the Taj Mahal and the Colosseum in Rome. Thats right. After seeing the list, President Bush asked, Hey, what about Space Mountain?Today, ladies and gentlemen, is the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Its the one-year anniversary today. Yeah. Not only that, its the six-month anniversary of when President Bush found out about it.Over the weekend, two Fox News journalists who had been kidnapped in the Middle East were released. Isnt that nice? ... Afterwards, the Fox News journalists said, It was the worst experience since being trapped at the Christmas party with Geraldo.A new poll just came out about Dick Cheney. This is a true story. A new poll finds that Dick Cheney has a 59% disapproval rating, which makes him officially the least popular Vice President in U.S. history. Even worse -- even worse, the only people polled where Cheneys wife and kids.Next month, the Democratic presidential candidates, all the democratic presidential candidates, will participate in the first even debate focuses entirely on gay issues. Just gay issues, yeah. Yeah, apparently, in the gay debate, when one candidate disagrees with another, theyll be required to begin their rebuttal with, Girlfriend, please.Later this summer, the first-ever gay presidential debate will be held, where Democratic candidates will answer questions posed by the gay community. Thats right. Yeah, question number one -- this is very good. Question number one ? Why cant healthcare be more fabulous?Former First Lady Lady Bird Johnson passed away at age 94. Thats right, yeah. Laura Bush praised her as a pioneer and icon -- while President Bush praised her as a lady and a bird.In a recent speech -- get this -- Fidel Castro...said the United States cannot successfully compete with Cuba. ... Yeah, if you want to hear this speech, its available in Havana on 8-track tape.Jim Gilmore has dropped out of the race for the Republican presidential nomination. Yeah, Gilmore said he dropped out because, I dont have the star power of a Tom Tancredo or a Mike Huckabee.Big night in Washington. You know about this? The U.S. Senate is planning on holding a session on Capitol Hill thats going to last all night. ... After hearing this, Bill Clinton asked, So Hillary wont be home until when?Presidential race heating up. According to a new AP poll, the most popular presidential candidate among registered Republicans is none of the above. Its true. ... Yeah. At the moment, Rudy Giuliani is running third, just behind Good Lord, not him!Speaking of politics -- in a recent interview, the White House chef says that President Bushs favorite meal is cheeseburger pizza. ... Next on the Presidents list -- nacho spaghetti and corn dog pudding.Last night, the Senate held an all-night session. And Senator Hillary Clinton gave a speech at 4:00 in the morning. ... Yeah, apparently it was the first time Hillary gave a speech at 4:00 in the morning that didnt start with, Where the hell have you been?!This week, President Bush announced hes launching a new campaign to solve the conflict between the Israelis and the Palestinians. ... Yeah, when asked why, Bush said, Its fun to finally be working on a problem that I didnt cause.Nelson Mandela just announced that he is starting a group called The Elders that will be made up of retired global leaders who will tackle world conflicts. ... Mandela says the elders will be like the Fantastic Four, but with bladder problems.Tomorrow, President Bush is undergoing a colonoscopy. So, hes going to temporarily transfer his president power to Vice President Dick Cheney. Yeah, yeah. Thats right. On the day that millions will be reading the new Harry Potter book, Voldemort will be running the country.In a speech about foreign policy yesterday, Rudy Giuliani said that America needs to focus more on Pakistan. Yeah. Giuliani says he knows more about Pakistan than the other candidates, because hes spent so much time in New York City cabs.The new prime minister of Great Brittan, Gordon brown, met with President Bush this weekend, and he praised Bushs leadership. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, afterwards, even Bush said, That guys hilarious.Today the White House announced they want to sell Saudi Arabia $20 billion worth of weapons. Yeah. Yeah. Saudi Arabia is going to pay for the weapons by giving us five or six gallons of gas.Earlier today, the Iraq parliament adjourned for the entire month of August. ... Yeah. Experts predict there will be a lack of progress in Iraq during August, the likes of which havent been seen since June or July.Several astronauts are denying accusations that they flew on the space shuttle while they were drunk. However, experts say the first step to recovery is admitting, Houston, I have a problem.Big interview on television tonight. Did you know this? Yeah, just days after having a heart procedure, Vice President Dick Cheney appeared this evening on Larry King Live. Yeah. Yeah, doctors say he looked old, pale and sickly, and so did Cheney.Former president Bill Clinton recently said that if Hillary is elected president, hed be glad to serve as a roving ambassador. Yeah, Clinton added, Ive already got the roving part down.According to a new report, many people from Cuba are sneaking into the United States through Mexico. Yeah. Yeah, apparently the hard part is squeezing the raft through the tunnel.Its been reported that on Monday, Prime Minister Gordon Brown of England secretly met with Bill Clinton. Yeah. By the way, it was Bill Clintons seventh secret meeting of the day.In Mexico, a man who once weighed 1,200 pounds, has lost almost half that weight and May enter The Guinness Book of World Records for most weight lost. Isnt that amazing? ... Yeah, the Mexican man lost the weight when the family living inside him moved to America.Russia today said that they own the North Pole. ... Yeah, President Bush is furious. He said, Thats ridiculous. Everyone knows the North Pole is owned by Santa.It was reported today that things are going so badly for Senator John McCains campaign, McCain has to carry his own luggage. Yeah, meanwhile, things are going so badly for Dennis Kucinichs campaign, he has to carry Barack Obamas luggage.This week, a group of Mexican officials crossed the border into Texas to see how the U.S. handles immigration enforcement. Yeah, as soon as the Mexican officials arrived, they yelled, Suckers and headed for Los Angeles.According to store owners in Iraq, Iraqi consumers are now developing a taste for American products like Pringles, Froot Loops, and Kraft Macaroni and Cheese. Yep. In a related story, Iraqis are also developing huge asses.Potential republican candidate Fred Thompson is now busy defending his much younger wife. ... In a recent interview, Thompson said that all criticism of his wife should be directed at him. ... As a result, conservative groups told Thompson hes been showing too much cleavage.In Iraq this week, the U.S. Army started using armed robots to patrol the streets of Iraq. ... Apparently, everyone thinks its a good idea, except the armed robots.Starting today, this is an interesting story, The New York Times reduced the size of their newspaper. They cut the papers width by an inch and a half. ... Yeah, the move was announced with the headline, Big changes At New York Tim.Earlier this week at a campaign event in Utah, hundreds of people showed up to hear a speech by Barack Obama. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, after Obamas speech, the Utah crowd said, That was great. Now let us know if an Asian guy ever comes to town.The Hooters restaurant chain announced that they may open up a Hooters in the Muslim city of Dubai. ... Yeah. Apparently, the Hooters will open up right next to the Dubai Thank God Its Fatwa.Huge day in sports yesterday. Last night, Barry Bonds hit his 756th home run and broke Hank Aarons record. ... Yeah, after the game, Bonds celebrated by injecting his ass with champagne.Last night, President Bush did not call Barry Bonds after he broke Hank Aarons home run record. But today, Bush decided to make the call. Thats right. Bush said, I realized I had a rare opportunity to talk to the only guy in the country whos less popular than I am.Latest from the presidential campaign. ... Hillary Clinton says shes going to reach out to health care employees by working a shift as a nurse at a hospital. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, Bill Clinton was upset and said, Great, this will ruin the plot of my favorite porn movie.The Food and Drug Administration says the new fat-blocking drug Alli can cause gas and loose stools. Now as a result the FDA has insisted that all bottles of Alli have labels that read, This drug is safe and hilarious.Earlier tonight, a gay rights group sponsored a debate among the Democratic presidential candidates to discuss gay issues. ... Personally, I think Dennis Kucinich might be getting desperate because he showed up for the event wearing all leather.Youll like this, in a recent interview, President Bushs father said he gets upset when people tell him that his son is doing a bad job. Bushs dad went on to say, Youd think after 60 years Id be used to it.Speaking of the President, the results of President Bushs annual physical were released yesterday. It revealed that last year President Bush got a rash from tick bite. ... After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, A rash from a tick bite? Ill have to remember that one.Yet another presidential debate last night. Thats right, the election is still a year an a half away, and weve had 90 debates so far.Weve whittled it down to 690 candidates.Well, last night was a special one. Last night, during a debate sponsored by a gay group, Senator Hillary Clinton was criticized because of her husbands Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy. Yeah. Got a lot of criticism. In response, Hillary said, Sorry, but our entire marriage is based on me not asking, and him not telling.Earlier today -- you probably heard about this. After months of scandals and political pressure, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announced hes going to resign. Pretty sad, yeah. Yeah, Gonzales...said, There comes a time when a man should resign and that time for me was last January.Big scandal out of Washington. This is a huge story. Everyone is talking about this scandal. You probably heard about it. It was revealed today that Republican Senator Larry Craig from Idaho...pled guilty to lewd conduct in a mens room. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they -- yeah. The senator said, I wanted to reach out to all my constituents and their penises.Youll like this. According to a new study, Mississippi is the fattest state in the country, with 30% of its residents listed as obese. ... Yeah, which makes sense, because Mississippi state bird is the Chicken McNugget.Remember Lisa Nowak? Shes the astronaut that put on a diaper, then drove cross-country to kidnap another astronauts girlfriend. She has announced that shes going to plead insanity. Yeah, when they heard about Nowaks insanity defense, the jury said, Please, you had us at diaper.Yesterday, Senator Larry Craig, who recently pled guilty to soliciting sex in a mens room, declared that he wont quit and hes not gay. Yeah. Yeah, then Craig said, Im sorry. I meant to say, I wont quit being gay.Big news about the presidential campaign. Earlier today, Senator Fred Thompson, who, of course, is a former star of Law & Order, confirmed with his supporters that he is running for president. Thats right. Yeah. Then, afterwards, Thompson promised to solve the crisis in Iraq by the end of the episode.Yesterday in Washington, a group of pranksters covered Karl Roves car with bumper stickers that read I Love Obama. Yeah. Yeah, Rove laughed about it, then had the pranksters murdered.This morning in Iowa, two men took part in Iowas first legal same sex marriage. ... Yeah, the judge pronounced them husband and husband, and said, Now, get the hell out of Iowa.Teachers are now urging American students to learn Chinese so that theyll be better prepared for the new global economy. Thats right. Students will learn important Chinese phrases like, How much lead is in this pacifier?The U.S. Forest Service says that marijuana plants are spreading throughout Californias national forests and soon will cover over 6,000 acres of public land. Yeah, and -- folks! Even better -- the Grand Canyon is slowly filling with tequila.Over the weekend, President Bush left the White House in an unmarked car and took a top secret trip to Iraq. Yeah. ... In fact, the trip was so secret, President Bush still doesnt know where he was.Over the weekend, two Fox News journalists who had been kidnapped in the Middle East were released. Isnt that nice? ... Afterwards, the Fox News journalists said, It was the worst experience since being trapped at the Christmas party with Geraldo.Tomorrow, President Bush is scheduled to meet with Chinese President Hu Jintao. President Bush says he expects to deliver a message of concern and encouragement. Yeah. Or as Bush calls it, Concouragement.Former Law & Order star Fred Thompson is running for president now, and he just unveiled his campaign slogan. His campaign slogan is United In Our Core Beliefs. Yeah. If the slogans a hit, Thompson plans to unveil another one, United In Our Core Beliefs: Special Victims Unit.This week President Bush met with Chinese President Hu Jintao. And Hu invited Bush to attend the 2008 Summer Olympics in China. Isnt that nice? Yeah, very nice. Yeah, Bush told the Chinese president, Im busy next year, but pencil me in for the 2009 Summer Olympics.Speaking of President Bush, a new biography quotes Bush -- this is true -- as saying he would never discriminate against someone based on their gay-dom or gay-hood. Bush goes on to say, Thats the price we pay for living in a Gay-ocracy.Well, a new video has emerged from Osama bin Laden, and its strange. It appears bin Laden is now dying his beard to look younger. ... First, people were unsure why bin Laden wanted to look younger, but then today he joined Match.com.Of course, today, General Petraeus testified before Congress. And he said, The military objectives of the surge are in large measure being met. Thats what he said, yeah. Yeah, a lot of people doubt Petraeus credibility because he also testified that Britney Spears was great on last nights MTV awards.Interesting little fun fact, the state of Arkansas says it has successfully reduced the number of obese people in that state. Yeah. Yeah. Apparently, Arkansas did this by throwing a Twinkie over the Missouri border.General Petraeus testified again today before Congress about the Iraq war. Some Democrats are claiming that Petraeus answers are scripted by President Bush, which explains Petraeus use of the word surge-rific.Several Jewish groups are upset because President Bush issued Rosh Hashanah greetings over a week early. So, theyre saying Bush doesnt know when Rosh Hashanah is. Yeah. Bush says hell make up for the mistake by sending them all something nice for Christmas.In China, a group of workers who make toys for Disney say they are forced to work 28 days a month and up to 15 hours a day. Yeah. Yeah. A spokesman for the Chinese factory said, Look, these toys arent going to lead paint themselves.In an interview, former President Bill Clinton says that most people dont know that Hillary has the worlds best laugh. ... Bill added, I get to hear it every time she pushes me down the stairs.Earlier tonight, President Bush gave his eighth speech to the nation about Iraq. ... In it, President Bush promised to have the troops home by speech number 73.The big story last night, President Bush addressed the nation with a speech about Iraq. Yeah. The speech aired on all three networks, and was secretly videotaped by the New England Patriots.In a new book, Mexicos former president Vicente Fox says that President Bushs Spanish is at grade-school level. Yeah, fortunately Bushs feelings werent hurt because Fox made the comments in Spanish.Today the Director of National Intelligence asked Congress to expand the governments power to read peoples e-mails and spy on their phone conversations. Yeah. Yeah, the intelligence director admitted he got the idea from the New England Patriots.Yesterday, you probably heard about this, Senator John Kerry was heckled while he was giving a speech. And the heckler had to be subdued with a taser gun. Yeah, when reached for comment, the man said being tasered in the chest was still better than sitting through an entire Kerry speech.Yesterday -- this was interesting -- during a speech, Jesse Jackson criticized Barack Obama and said Obamas been acting like hes white. Yeah, Obama said Jacksons comments were hurtful and they completely ruined his night at the Jimmy Buffett concert.Yet another presidential debate tonight. The election, I think, is still four years away, and were having the 900th debate tonight.Earlier tonight, the Democratic presidential candidates took part in a debate sponsored by the senior citizen group AARP. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like the other debates, except the moderator asked the same question over and over. Which ones Harry Truman?Yesterday, while in Europe, presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani called for an expansion of NATO. Now, after hearing this, President Bush said, I believe its pronounced Nintendo.Dan Rather announced yesterday he is suing CBS for $70 million for damaging his career. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, Katie Couric said, Then Im suing for $700 million. How dare they hire me?Yesterday, at a campaign fundraiser, Hillary Clinton criticized Vice President Cheney and called him Darth Vader. Thats right. Yeah, Cheney...denied it and said, Darth Vader is evil, half machine, and always wears a cape. And I dont wear a cape.Yesterday, the Secretary of Education spoke to a group of school children in Cleveland. Mm-hmm. Yeah. She told the students that if they get a good education, they can get the Hell out of Cleveland.The White House has announced that during President Bushs last year in office, hes going to visit more countries than in any other year of his Presidency. Thats his plan. Yeah. Bush says hes going to accomplish all of this in one weekend by going to Epcot Center.Last night, yet another Democratic presidential debate. Did you hear about this? The Democratic presidential candidates took part in a debate sponsored by the senior citizen group AARP. Yeah. Yeah, to win over the crowd, each candidate came out strongly against the War of 1812.The president of Iran gave a speech in New York City today, and thousands of New Yorkers are really upset about it. Yeah. Yeah, the New Yorkers said, If we want to hear a short-tempered Iranian man yell at us, well take a cab.But during his speech at Columbia University, President Ahmadinejad says his country, this is a quote, doesnt have a problem with gay people because they dont have homosexuals in Iran, which finally explains why Ahmadinejad gets away with wearing a windbreaker from 1983.Earlier today, Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke at a conference on global warming, and he said, The time has come to stop looking back at the Kyoto Protocol. Yeah. Afterwards, people said, We didnt solve anything, but it was really fun hearing Arnold saying Kyoto Protocol.This Saturday, President Bush will be on hand in Washington to celebrate the seventh annual National Book Festival. Thats right. The President is very excited about the festival because hes been named Cliff Notes Man of the Year.Earlier today, President Bush gave a major foreign policy speech in front of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Thats right. Bush began his speech by saying, Greetings, foreign dudes.Apple launched its iPhone in Europe. Its been a big success here, but it is being criticized in Europe because they say its not European enough. Yeah, thats true. Apparently, the iPhone isnt European enough, because it actually works the entire month of August.All the world leaders in town right now for the U.N. General Assembly. ... Yesterday, President Bush met with President Valdis Zatlers of Latvia, and President Festus Gontebanye Mogae of Botswana and President Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania. Yeah, yeah. Or as Bush calls them, Buddy, Slim and Big Guy.Yesterday, controversial Iranian President Ahmadinejad insisted that Iran has freedom of the press. He says there are 30 newspapers published there that oppose his government. Yeah, so, if you are keeping track, thats 30 opposition newspapers and zero gay people.Ahmadinejad invited several high-profile reporters over to his hotel for dinner last night. Apparently, it went well, because this morning, Barbara Walters was seen leaving in the same clothes.The organizers of Hillary Clintons campaign are sponsoring a contest where the winner gets to watch a Democratic debate while sitting next to Bill Clinton. ... The rules specify no members of the press and no fat chicks.Last night...was the eighth Democratic presidential debate. ... No, it was a kind of interesting debate, actually, last night. It was fascinating. Some political experts were shocked at how much the other Democratic candidates attacked Hillary Clinton during the debate. Yeah, they really went after her. Yeah. And even more shocking was when Bill Clinton yelled, Get her.Speaking of Bill Clinton, yesterday at a global conference on poverty and education, former President Bill Clinton met with actress Angelina Jolie. Yeah. Yeah, before the meeting, Clinton looked at himself in the mirror, took a deep breath and said, Bill, this is the moment youve been training for your whole life.This week, presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich said...he supports lowering the voting age to 16. Yeah. Not only that, Kucinich supports lowering the lever in the voting booth so he can reach it.The current Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was in New York this week. Everyone was talking about his visit. Well, he just gave an interview. And Ahmadinejad summed himself up in four words, Love, justice, kindness and dignity. Yeah. Then, he said, Wait, Id like to add two more, anti-Semitic and windbreaker.Its been reported that before the U.S. invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein offered to leave the country and go into exile if he could take $1 billion with him. Thats what he said. Yeah, it almost worked, but at the last minute, Howie Mandel convinced him to take the wrong suitcase.The U.S. Treasury is issuing a new $5 bill with a much larger, easy to read 5 on it. Yeah, yeah, thanks to the large print, the $5 bill will retain its status as the official birthday gift from old people.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has just invited President Bush to visit Iran and speak at an Iranian university. ... After receiving the invitation, President Bush said, Maybe Ill come when you guys play Notre Dame.Speaking of Ahmadinejad ? its been reported that when he was a child, he changed his name, which means Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is not his real name. Yeah. Even more shocking, it turns out he was born Stephanie del Gado.This is an interesting story -- it turns out that before the U.S. Invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein said he would quit the presidency and leave the country if he were given $1 billion. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Hell, Ill do it for $10,000.The Israeli police announced this week that they will no longer arrest first-time drug users. ... When he heard this, Snoop Dogg said, Shalom.No, speaking of drugs, economists are saying that the high value of the Canadian dollar has hurt that countrys sale of marijuana to the United States. Yeah, because the first two questions any pothead asks are, Can I buy some pot? and Whats the Canadian dollar trading at?Yesterday, the...New York Mets failed to make the playoffs. Yeah, after one of the worst collapses in baseball history. Yeah, yeah. Historic, yeah. People were so upset, apparently, half the team has been deported.A new poll of Democratic voters in Iowa has found that senior citizens prefer Hillary Clinton. ... Unfortunately for Hillary, the seniors still rank her third behind applesauce and creamed spinach.Today is the first day American citizens are required to have a passport if they want to get into Mexico. Its a new rule. You have to have a passport to get into Mexico. Previously, all you needed to get into a Mexico was a hankering for diarrhea.People are calling this years New York Mets squad the biggest sports debacle of all time. Well, things are actually now getting worse. True story, according to a new report, one of the New York Mets players is now being accused of taking steroids. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, hes being accused of taking them incorrectly.Tomorrow at the White House, President Bush will host a group of Muslims for a traditional Ramadan meal called the Iftaar dinner. Wow. Last years Iftaar didnt go so well, because President Bush stood up and yelled, Lets get this party if-tarted!It was announced this week that over the summer Hillary Clintons campaign raised $27 million while Barack Obamas campaign raised $22 million. Yeah. In a related story, Dennis Kucinich found a nickel between the couch cushions.President Bushs daughter Jenna is now saying she doesnt want to get married at the White House. She wants her wedding to be in Crawford, Texas. Yeah. Yeah, when asked why, Jenna said, I want my dad to be there.Well, political insiders are speculating that if Hillary Clinton wins the nomination, she may choose a Hispanic running mate. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard about this, Bill Clinton yelled, How about Salma Hayek?The Iraqi government has ordered $100 million worth of weapons made in China. Yeah. Yeah, an Iraqi official said were hoping China makes weapons that are half as deadly as their toys.President Bush is now reaching out to different cultures, which, I think, is a good thing. I dont know if you heard about this, but last night President Bush had dinner with a group of Muslims at the White House, and he quoted the Prophet Mohammed. Yeah. Yeah. I think its a good thing, yeah. But there was an awkward moment when Bush referred to Mohammed as the greatest boxer of all time.A new survey just came out. Check this out. It found that the country with the highest number of contented citizens in the world is Mexico. ... Yeah, apparently this is because everyone who was unhappy in Mexico has already moved to Los Angeles.During a recent speech, President Bush said, this is a quote, My job is a decision making job. As a result, I have made a lot of decisions. Apparently, Bushs decision that day was to write his own speech.Republican presidential candidate Fred Thompson is being criticized for being out of touch because in a recent interview, he talked about strengthening our relationship with the Soviet Union, which, of course, no longer exists. Yeah. Yeah, Thompson says he feels bad about the mistake and he plans to personally apologize to Stalin.Tonights Republican debate will be the first one that former Senator Fred Thompson will attend. Yeah. Thompson says he wanted to attend the previous debates, but he got stuck driving his wife to cheerleading practice.A new study...says that more than 10,000 Cubans a year are entering the United States by going to Mexico and then crossing the border. Yeah. U.S. border agents are furious because the Cubans are stealing jobs that should go to Mexicans.One of President Bushs closest advisers said that Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee is going to have trouble getting elected because his last name is Huckabee. Thats what he said, yeah. He said the only way it could be worse is if his name was George W. Huckabee.Former Law & Order star Fred Thompson appeared in his first presidential debate last night. Political experts called him uneven, flat and dull. In other words, Thompson was the highlight of the debate.Dennis Kucinich has asked that his name be taken off the ballot in the Michigan Democratic primary. Yeah. Yeah, Michigan voting officials told Kucinich, How about we just put it up high where you cant see it?Radar magazine is causing a big controversy because the cover of their November issue features a doctored photo of a partially-dressed Rudy Giuliani and a totally nude Hillary Clinton. Radar says its all part of their plan to sell zero magazines.In a recent interview, President Bushs daughter, Jenna, said she believes theres a ghost in the White House. Yeah. Yeah, then President Bush told her, No, sweetheart, thats just your grandmother.According to an article on the fashions and styles of the presidential candidates, Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are the best dressed candidates. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Not only that, Dennis Kucinich was voted most likely to shop in the childrens department.This morning, Senator Hillary Clinton appeared on The View. She was on The View this morning. Yeah. There was an awkward moment when Hillary looked around and said, Good Lord, Im the hottest one here.President Bush met at the White House with the Dalai Lama. Yeah. Yeah, there was an awkward moment...when Bush said, Whos the bald chick in the dress?Of course, earlier this year, Al Gore won an Emmy and an Oscar. Now that hes won a Nobel Peace Prize, some people say he may run for president. Thats right, yeah. Gore says hes not even thinking about the presidency, because hes totally focused on winning the Heisman.Today at JFK Airport, the FBI arrested ten baggage handlers who, apparently, took part in a cocaine smuggling ring. Yeah. Yeah, the FBI became suspicious when they noticed the handlers were losing the luggage twice as fast.President Bush had a historic meeting with the Dalai Lama. ... Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush saw what the Dalai Lama was wearing and said, Dont tell me they lost your luggage.Experts were worried about Chinas reaction to President Bushs meeting with the Dalai Lama. China is very upset, but Bush says he doesnt think the meeting will damage our relationship with China. Yeah. Then Bush said, But this might, and took a huge bite out of a panda bear sandwich.Vice President Cheneys wife said that Vice President Cheney and Barack Obama are actually distant cousins. Thats what she said, yeah. Yeah, when Dick Cheney found out, he said, I knew there was something creepy about that guy.During a speech at the Capitol yesterday, the Dalai Lama, whos visiting right now admitted that his English language skills equal those of a kindergarteners. ... When he said this, President Bush said, No one likes a showoff.Earlier this week -- this is a weird story -- Vice President Cheneys wife said that Vice President Cheney is actually a distant cousin of Barack Obama. ... At first, Obama was skeptical. Then he remembered that his great-great grandmother once had a demon out of wedlock.Presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich caused some trouble this week because he was campaigning in Red Sox territory while wearing a Cleveland Indians hat. Yeah. Apparently, someone walked up to Kucinichs wife and said, Tell your son to take off that baseball hat.This week, the 12th International Clown Convention is being held in Mexico City. ... Yeah. Apparently, the Mexican clowns most popular routine is stuffing 30 clowns in the trunk of a car and heading north to Los Angeles.Yesterday, FBI agents raided a Las Vegas warehouse owned by magician David Copperfield, and they seized nearly $2 million in cash. Yeah. He had $2 million in cash in his warehouse. Apparently, the entire $2 million is in quarters that Copperfield pulled out of peoples ears.Earlier today, Argentinas first lady was elected as the new president of Argentina, which makes the former president the new first spouse. Yeah. Yeah, or as President Bill Clinton calls him, my future wing man.Presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich says that he once had an encounter with a UFO. ... Apparently several weird-looking little men got off the ship, saw Kucinich, and said, Its all right, hes one of us.Yesterday on 60 Minutes, French President Nicolas Sarkozy got up and left in the middle of an interview. Just got up and stormed out, yeah. Citizens of France say their president acted rudely and theyve never been prouder.In a new GQ interview that just came out, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said, and this is a quote, Marijuana is not a drug. ... When he heard this, Snoop Dogg said, If its not a drug, then Ive been wasting a lot of time.In a recent interview that just came out, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said -- this is his quote ? cannabis is not a drug. ... Of course, when Arnold said it, it sounded like, Cannibals need a hug.Presidential candidate Bill Richardson has called on his opponents to end all negative campaigning. Yeah. When they heard this, all of the other candidates rolled their eyes and said, Whatever you say, fat boy.Barack Obama doing everything he can to get ahead. Sources in Barack Obamas campaign say that Obama has been watching old tapes of Bill Clinton to improve his style. Yeah. Yeah, which explains why Obama now starts every sentence with, Honey, I can explain.Well yesterday in upstate New York, kind of unbelievable, Vice President Dick Cheney went pheasant hunting. Hes hunting again. ... Yeah. This time, just to be on the safe side, as his hunting partner, Cheney chose a pheasant.Last night, yet another Democratic debate. I think its the 650th so far that weve had; 950 to go.Political experts are criticizing Senator Hillary Clintons performance during the debate this week, calling it her worst performance of the year. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Thats what you think.Child labor activists are protesting the Gap. Theyre protesting the Gap because there are clothes being sold there that are made by kids. Yeah. Even worse, the clothes at Gap Kids are made by babies, and the clothes at Baby Gap are made by chimps.Of course, the biggest story of all, American Idol is back on the air, and more Americans will participate in American Idol than in the election of our next president. ... Thats a true fact. And theyll be happier about the result.In a recent speech, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that if Republicans want to win, they have to become more like him. ... I think they are taking his advice, because today, Mitt Romney gave a speech with a dozen walnuts in his mouth.Mitt Romney withdrew from the presidential race today, but a new poll of Republican voters that just came out found that Romney is still favored by senior citizens. ... Unfortunately for Mitt, the seniors still ranked him third behind applesauce and Jell-O.The White House has announced that during President Bushs last year in office, hes going to visit more countries than in any other year of his Presidency. Yeah. Yeah, Bush says hes going to accomplish all of this in one weekend, by going to Epcot Center.The writers strike, finally over. And while our writers were gone, Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama both declared their support for the writers strike. I thought that was cool. Yeah. Meanwhile, President Bush announced hes in favor of a readers strike.Senator Hillary Clinton, of course, in the news after losing eight primaries in a row to Barack Obama. ... Yeah. Hillary dismissed Obamas success by saying, Hes only winning states with a huge African-American population, like Maine.On the Republican side, of course, John McCains on a...big roll right now. After John McCain swept yesterdays primaries, he purposely stole a line Barack Obamas been using, Im fired up and ready to go. Yeah. When Obama heard this, he stole a line McCains been using, Im old, and not sure where I am.Earlier today, Roger Clemens testified before Congress about his alleged use of steroids and human growth hormone. ... He says he didnt do it, but there was an awkward moment when Clemens leaned on the table and it shattered.Today, just a few hours ago, former presidential candidate Mitt Romney asked his supporters to back Senator John McCain. McCain is hoping that his white supporters will hit it off with Romneys really white supporters.President Bush is scheduled to take a trip to Africa. Yeah. When asked about it, President Bush said, Im looking forward to meeting the leader of the African-Americans.Theres a big campaign scandal brewing. I dont know if youve heard about this, but Hillary Clintons campaign is accusing Barack Obama of plagiarizing a speech by the governor of Massachusetts. Yeah. Yeah, and they may have a point because Baracks speech was entitled, I Love Chowda.President Bush is in Africa right now. Yeah. President Bush met the President of Tanzania yesterday, and he gave him a pair of Shaquille ONeal sneakers. Thats true. ... Thats not the joke part, yeah. So, the president of Tanzania was thrilled and plans to use Shaqs shoes as a house for hundreds of his people.This morning, Cuban dictator Fidel Castro announced that he is stepping down, ending five decades of rule. ... But the biggest...surprise was when Castro announced that hes going to retire in Miami.Did you notice, President Bush is in Africa this week? And...yesterday, true story, he visited a school and read to the students from The Cat in the Hat. Yeah. There was an awkward moment when one of the students told Bush, Sir, this is a college.The founders of Ben and Jerrys Ice Cream are endorsing Barack Obama instead of Hillary Clinton, which makes sense...because Baracky Road is a catchier name for an ice cream than Pantsuits and Cream.The Spice Girls...say they want to play at Nelson Mandelas 90th birthday party. Yeah. When he heard this, Mandela said, Thanks, but Id rather go back to prison.Senator John McCain...has unveiled a new campaign slogan ? Ready To Lead America Into The 21st Century. Yeah, yeah. And this is a lot better than his old slogan, Ive Been Around Since The 19th Century.Yesterday, Senator Barack Obama won the Wisconsin Democratic primary, which makes Obama the first black man to ever win a primary in Wisconsin and the first black man to ever go to Wisconsin.The band Abba wants John McCain to stop using their songs at his campaign rallies. Yeah. When asked about it, McCain said, Who cares about Abba? Kids today are into the Bee Gees.Fidel Castros stepping down as the leader of Cuba. Hell be replaced by his brother, Raul. Its true, yeah. According to the State Department, Raul Castro is the Jim Belushi of Central America.After more than a year of delays, Southern Methodist University and President Bush have finally agreed to the terms for building his presidential library on the SMU campus. ... SMU promised to build the library, and President Bush promised to stop calling the school SMOO.This week, footage surfaced of Senator Ted Kennedy singing in Spanish to a Latino group. ... Yeah, there was an awkward moment when someone in the crowd pointed at Kennedys head and said, Look, the pi?ata is singing.Police in Maryland found more than $1 million worth of marijuana in a car parked just outside of 7-Eleven. ... Yeah, police became suspicious when they saw the owner of the car eat a 7-Eleven hot dog.Things getting nasty now between the Clinton and Obama campaigns. ... Check this out, Hillary Clintons campaign has been circulating a photo of Barack Obama wearing a traditional Somali dress. Yeah. Meanwhile, Obamas campaign has been circulating a photo of Hillary wearing a traditional Somali pantsuit.Yesterday, Ralph Nader announced hes running for president again. ... Yeah, immediately after the announcement, the guy sitting next to Nader on the park bench told him to shut up.This weekend, Fidel Castro, who is 81 years old, resigned from the presidency of Cuba and was replaced by his brother Raul, who is 76. Yeah, afterwards, Castro said, I wanted to give the kid a chance.Tonight in Cleveland, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are debating one another for the 20th time. Yeah, experts...are calling it redundant, unnecessary, and the most exciting thing that ever happened in Cleveland.Yesterday, someone released a photo of Barack Obama wearing a traditional African dress. Yeah. Yeah, as a result, Barack has been offered a starring role in Big Mommas House 3.Ralph Nader announced hes once again going to run for president. Yeah. Yeah, Nader says hes running, because hes tired of Mike Huckabee stealing all the no chance in hell votes.Last night was the final Democratic debate, and one of the big stories was that Barack Obama mispronounced the word Massachusetts twice and then mispronounced the word filibuster. Yeah. Yeah, which explains why this morning, Obama was endorsed by President Bush.The New York Times just reported that John McCain may be constitutionally barred from becoming president because he was born outside the United States in the Panama Canal Zone. Yeah. Yeah, when he heard this, McCain said, Thats ridiculous. When I was born, there was no Panama Canal.Third-party presidential candidate Ralph Nader announced that his running mate is going to be a former city supervisor of San Francisco, Matt Gonzalez. ... This bold move will insure that Nader gets the vote of Matt Gonzalez.During a press conference today, President Bush said the following. He said its important we make the economy stronger so families can put money on their tables. Yes, then Bush said that Americans should deposit food in their bank accounts.Political experts are saying that Barack Obama, if hes the nominee, should choose...a running mate who is older, a veteran, and from a different part of the country. ... Yeah, so today, Obama chose John McCain.Yesterday, presidential candidate Mike Huckabee said he wont stay in the race beyond reason. Yeah. Then Huckabee announced hes dropping out six weeks ago.This week, the US Border Patrol arrested a man responsible for smuggling thousands of Guatemalans into California. ... Yeah, an angry American official said those Guatemalans were taking jobs that should have gone to Mexicans.This Friday, President Bush is going to be in New York City to give a speech on the US economy. The speech is made up of only two words, It blows.Past couple of days ? youve all heard about this -- Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and John McCain have all claimed that they are the person who should answer the phone at the White House if it rings at 3:00 a.m., but most Americans think the White House should just get a receptionist.The New York Times reported that New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer was a customer of a high-end prostitution ring, and Republicans in New York...have given Gov. Spitzer an ultimatum that if he doesnt resign, theyll push for impeachment. Gov. Spitzer responded by saying, How about you just thank me, well call it even?New Yorks governor, Eliot Spitzer, resigned today. And to make things official, Governor Spitzer had to write a letter of resignation to New Yorks secretary of state. ... Out of habit, Spitzer addressed the letter, Dear Penthouse.Republican presidential candidate John McCain is in the news because he is trying to find a vice presidential running mate. Yeah. Not only that, McCain is also trying to find his reading glasses and his car keys.The prostitute that Eliot Spitzer had his affair with is apparently a young woman from New Jersey. Yeah. When asked why she slept with New Yorks ex-governor, she said, Because New Jerseys ex-governor is into guys.Turns out that the call girl linked to Eliot Spitzer is also -- this is true -- an R&B singer. And she said in an interview that her latest song was inspired by a guy. ... She didnt say which guy, but the song is called Bald, Creepy Governor.This morning, I guess, President Bush gave an optimistic speech about the economy, even though the dollar fell even more, oil hit record highs and jobs continue to be lost. Yeah. So when asked what part of the economy is working, Bush said, Hookers are doing well.According to the New York Times, this is the latest -- prosecutors suspect that Governor Eliot Spitzer may have used money from his campaign fund to pay for his prostitute. ... Yeah, when reached for comment, Spitzer said, To be fair, I did get her vote.The Pentagon just published a report...that officially confirms that there was never any link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. ... The report is entitled, Oops, Our Bad.The US Border Patrol says that an increasing number of Mexicans are trying to get into America by boat. Yeah. Yeah, they say the hard part is getting the boat over the fence.The US Forest Service says that marijuana plants are spreading through Californias national forests, and soon marijuana will cover over 6,000 acres of public land. ... Even better, the Grand Canyon is slowly filling with tequila.Today, Hillary Clinton said that the war would end up costing $1 trillion, but she wasnt talking about Iraq. She was talking about her war with Barack Obama.Yesterday, David Paterson was sworn in as the new governor of New York. And hours later, he admitted to having an extramarital affair. ... Yeah, so in other words, hes already fitting right in.John McCains daughter says that a lot of guys dont want to date her because her dad makes her too high-profile. Yeah. Thats part of the reason. Its also because McCains daughter is 63 years old.The White House has announced that during President Bushs last year in office, hes going to visit more countries than in any other year of his Presidency. Bush says hes going to accomplish all of this in one weekend by going to Epcot Center.The Washington Post reports that John McCain is having trouble raising enough money for his campaign. Yeah. Plus, every time someone does donate money to McCain, he puts it in a card and sends it to his grandchildren.Yesterday, on the campaign trail, John McCain gave a speech at the high school he attended in Virginia. ... Yeah, and McCain told the senior class, What a coincidence. You graduated in 08 and I graduated in 08.John McCain has been campaigning all over the country this week. Yesterday, McCain gave a speech in Florida at 2:30 in the afternoon because he was the after-dinner speaker.Barack Obama, of course, is narrowing the gap in Pennsylvania and his campaign is pulling out all the stops for doing anything they can to get all the voters. For example, Obamas campaign is now giving away tickets to Dave Matthews concerts. Yeah, yeah. Apparently, this is Obamas attempt to win over really white voters.President Bush is in Europe right now. Today, he met with Romanian Prime Minister Popescu-Tariceanu. Yeah. Or as Bush calls him, Pop Tart.John McCain says he has 20 names on a list of possible vice presidential candidates. Yeah. Unfortunately, most of the names on the list are characters on Matlock.Yesterday, true story, Hillary Clintons top adviser abruptly left her campaign, yeah. ... Yeah, when he heard about it, Bill Clinton said, Wait, we can leave?On Saturday, Barack Obama held several campaign rallies in Montana. ... Officials say...Baracks visit attracted large crowds and doubled the black population of Montana.John McCain is the only...presidential candidate who is not currently using Secret Service protection. Yeah. Yeah. So far, McCains only protection is the life insurance he bought from Wilford Brimley.According to a new poll that just came out, its hard to believe, 81% of Americans think the country is on the wrong track. ... Yeah, the other 19% own gas stations.Canada just announced it may boycott this years Summer Olympics because of Chinas treatment of Tibet. ... Yeah, when asked about the boycott, Canadas prime minister said, Im very angry at China. Plus, we suck at summer sports.A lot of people talking about...John McCains temper. ... Its been reported that John McCain once got so angry at his wife during a public appearance that he called her the worst name you can call your wife. Yeah, thats right. He called her Hillary.Speaking of Hillary, big day in Washington. General Petraeus, the top general in Iraq, testified on Capitol Hill today, and he was questioned by Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Thats right, Obama and Clinton both had the same question for Petraeus ? Are you by any chance a superdelegate?The producers of the Latin Grammy Awards announced that the show is moving to Houston. Yeah, yeah. The Latin Grammys plan to get to Houston by sneaking over the border from Mexico.Latest rumor -- this is weird -- is that CBS may shut down most of its news department and outsource its news gathering to CNN. Yeah. Yeah, CBS executives said, We want to grab that hot, young Larry King audience.Earlier tonight, all three...presidential candidates appeared on American Idol. ... Yeah. Randy Jackson, Paula Abdul and Simon Cowell looked at them and said, Wait, theres a black guy, a woman, and a cranky white guy. You stole our formula!A new TV commercial for Hillary Clinton says she has...a spine of steel. ... Yeah. When he heard this, John McCain said, Oh, yeah, well, Ive got a titanium hip.Last night, in New York City, Elton John held a big fundraiser for Senator Hillary Clinton. Yeah. Big. Yeah. Things got off to an awkward start when Hillary and Elton showed up wearing the same pantsuit.The Elton John benefit concert, was apparently...a huge success -- $2.5 million was raised for Hillarys campaign. Yeah. Elton sang all his biggest hits for Hillary, except for The Bitch Is Back.Of course, a lot of controversy right now about China. During a speech, President Bush urged Chinese leaders to talk to the Dalai Lama and called him a really fine man. Cool. Yeah. Bush said, I used to be reluctant to meet with him. Then I found out he was not a real llama.This week, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is going to be speaking at a convention of gay Republicans. ... Yeah, Arnold could get in trouble because he plans to start his speech by saying, Hello, girlie men.According to his tax return last year, Vice President Cheney donated $166,000 to charity. ... Yeah, most of the money went to Cheneys favorite holiday charity, Coal for Tots.China is recalling thousands of pairs of novelty hillbilly teeth because the teeth may contain lead paint. ... Yeah, when he heard that China was recalling the hillbilly teeth, President Bush said, Okay, now Im boycotting the Olympics.Earlier tonight, President Bush made a special taped appearance on the game show Deal or No Deal. ... Yeah. Afterwards, Bush said, I like this show because randomly pointing at boxes is how I make decisions too.Yesterday was April 20th, which has become the unofficial holiday honoring marijuana. ... Yeah. It was supposed to be April 16th, but they totally spaced.Earlier this morning, Hillary Clinton...said she will stay in the presidential race even if she loses the Pennsylvania primary. Yeah. She also said shell stay in the race even if she loses the nomination and Novembers election.Political experts say that Barack Obama is attracting mostly younger voters, while Hillary Clinton is attracting much older voters. ... They may be right because today John McCain said hes voting for Hillary.No one talks about John McCain anymore because he won his side of the thing pretty much, and now hes just wandering around. ... So hes trying to do things to get press, and this week, he is on a tour of what he calls forgotten places in America, which at his age means just about everywhere.After the Pennsylvania primary, it seems Barack Obama has kind of resigned himself to a prolonged and potentially ugly battle with Hillary Clinton. Yeah. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Join the club.Barack Obama...said one of the problems is he needs to attract older voters, and he says hes going to work hard to prove that he understands them. Yeah, and I think he means it, because today, Barack ate dinner at 3:00 in the afternoon.It has been reported that President Bush was so impressed with Pope Benedicts recent visit, that after he leaves office, Bush may convert to Catholicism. ... Yeah, Bush said, Id convert right now, but Dick Cheney freaks out if you get near him with a cross.Yesterday, the official in charge of the 2010 US Census stepped down. ... Yeah, when asked why, the head of the census said, I want to spend more time with my 2.4 children.Two brothers from Illinois announced that they have invented a car that gets 100 miles to the gallon. ... Yeah, oil company executives said theyre very interested. They would like to meet the brothers in an abandoned warehouse.Today, at the White House, President Bush signed a proclamation declaring this Malaria Awareness Week. ... There was an awkward moment when, during the ceremony, Bush said, This is a great day for all Malarians.Political experts are now saying that one reason Hillary Clinton defeated Barack Obama in Pennsylvania is because senior citizens prefer her. ... Senior citizens say they like Hillary because if you squint, she kind of looks like Blanche from The Golden Girls.President Bush says that the $300 rebate weve been promised, the rebate checks from the government, will finally be mailed out on Monday. ... Then, Americans can decide whether to save the $300 or use it to buy half a tank of gas.Hillary Clinton now says she wants another debate with Barack Obama. She said, The 48th time is the charm, I guess.Today, John McCain campaigned across the state of Florida. ... Yeah, McCain likes campaigning in Florida because everyone there calls him the kid.Kind of a strange thing happened this weekend at a big event in Washington, DC. President Bush -- I guess he got excited, so he picked up a baton and he started conducting the US Marine Band. Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately, the President got upset because the band didnt know the song, The Wheels on the Bus.Tomorrow night on Fox News, Hillary Clinton is going to be making her first ever appearance on Bill OReillys show, The OReilly Factor. Yeah. Yeah, Hillary should do well, because she has years of experience yelling, Shut up, Bill!Today, President Bush gave a news conference about the economy, but he stubbornly refused to say the word recession. ... Instead, President Bush said our country is headed towards something with three syllables that rhymes with refression.US magazine says that Nicole Richie has endorsed Barack Obama for president. ... Richie said, Id throw my weight behind him, but I dont have any.Earlier today, Chinese officials held a ceremony to announce that its exactly 100 days until the Summer Olympics, and theyre working hard to clean up Beijings pollution. Yeah. Unfortunately, they had to cut the ceremony short, because the air caught on fire.Yesterday -- this is sad -- Albert Hoffman, the man who invented LSD, passed away at the age of 102. Yeah. Hoffmans funeral will be attended by friends, family, and a giant melting spider.Reverend Wright is everywhere these days since making his controversial remarks. Barack Obamas former pastor is getting invitations to speak all over the country. Yeah. In fact, Hillary Clinton just invited him to speak at her inauguration.In New Jersey, lawmakers are considering a new tax on fast food. ... Officials say that revenue from the tax will be used to fund social programs in New Jersey like No Mullet Left Behind.Yesterday was the five-year anniversary of President Bushs speech in front of the Mission Accomplished banner. ... Yeah, to celebrate, today, President Bush gave a speech in front of a banner that said Economic Recession Over.In Zimbabwe, President Robert Mugabe has lost the election, but he refuses to step down, saying he still has a chance to win. Thats right. Yeah, Mugabe said he got this idea from Hillary Clinton.This week, the head of Home Depot announced that theyre closing 15 stores because they were underperforming. Yeah, a spokesperson for Home Depot said, Luckily, weve got everything we need to board these places up.Happy Cinco de Mayo. ... And, of course, the President marked this occasion earlier today. President Bush said that Cinco de Mayo is an opportunity to recognize the strong ties of family, economy and culture that bind the United States and Mexico. That was nice. Yeah. Then the President said, Now, lets get back to building that fence.But as I said, Cinco de Mayos a big day. And in Los Angeles, they celebrated by having a parade through the city. Thats right. Yeah, that was nice. In Mexico, they celebrated Cinco de Mayo by having a parade to Los Angeles.This week, hundreds...of thousands of people joined in the eighth annual Worldwide Marijuana March. The march actually happens every two to three years, though, because they have a hard time getting their act together.Of course, another two primaries yesterday. Thats the big story. Very tough night for Hillary Clinton, who says she isnt dropping out because there are still six states that havent had their Democratic primary. Thats right. Yep. Barack Obamas favored in the states of Oregon, Montana and South Dakota, and Hillary is favored in the state of denial.A lot of pressure now on Hillary Clinton to drop out of the race. She did not do so well in the primaries the other night, but one of her advisers says that the chance of Hillary conceding the nomination to Barack Obama and dropping out of the race is only about 10%. But the adviser admits that if Obama wins the presidency, that number could go as high as 11%.John McCains wife was recently overheard saying that they own eight or nine homes. ... Yeah, McCains wife denied this, however, and stated, What I said is Ive tried to put him in a home eight or nine times.Over the weekend in Texas, President Bushs daughter, Jenna, got married. ... Yep, afterwards, President Bush said, I havent cried that much since Steve left Blues Clues.No, everyone, apparently, had a very good time at the wedding. And afterwards, the press asked him and President Bush said it was, spectacular. Yeah, when asked why, President Bush said, Three words: the Chicken Dance.Director Oliver Stone is making a movie about President Bush thats called W. ... Hes also making a movie about John McCain called No Country for Old Men.Steven Spielberg says that his next feature film will be a biography of President Abraham Lincoln. ... You can tell the Lincoln film is by Spielberg, because instead of getting shot, Lincoln and a baby dinosaur ride a bicycle past the moon.A man in Oregon has caused a controversy, because hes written a childrens book about marijuana. ... Yeah, the books called Horton Hears the Cops.Of course, big primary tonight in West Virginia, thats the story. Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton slugging it out. And I guess -- I dont know if Barack Obamas getting tired or what, but in a recent speech, he said he had visited all 57 states. ... Yeah, after hearing this, President Bush said, Ha-ha, he forgot Alaska and Hawaii.Last night, Hillary Clinton won the West Virginia primary with nearly 70% of the vote. ... Yeah, apparently, Hillary wouldve gotten even more votes from the West Virginians, but on the way to the polls, some of their houses got a flat tire.John McCain, of course, no one is really paying attention to him right now, but hes everywhere trying to get attention. Yesterday on Live with Regis and Kelly, John McCain showed one of his baby pictures. That was nice. Yeah, the picture was on loan from the Museum of Natural History.Barack Obama had to apologize for calling a reporter sweetie. Yeah, meanwhile, Bill Clinton apologized for calling a reporter when her husband was home.Yesterday, in an interview with Katie Couric, Hillary Clinton said that she would not quit, no matter how bad her numbers looked. Yeah. Yeah, then Katie Couric said the same thing to Hillary.Earlier today, Barack Obama gave a speech in South Dakota. At the end of the speech, the crowd gave him a standing ovation. Yeah, very cool, yeah. Obama got the standing ovation not for his speech, but for being the first black person in South Dakota.Speaking of Barack Obama, I guess hes having his differences with President Bush. Barack Obama says that President Bush refusing to meet with Irans president would have been like Richard Nixon refusing to meet with Mao Tse-Tung. Yeah. After hearing this, President Bush said, Look, if hes going to make people up ? thats just not fair.California Supreme Court ruled that it is legal for homosexuals to get married in California. ... As a result, thousands of wedding planners will finally get to plan their own wedding.Hillary Clinton still campaigning hard. In a speech this weekend that she just gave, Hillary Clinton said that John McCain couldnt be more out of touch. Yeah. Yeah, then Hillary said, Now, if youll excuse me, Im about to win the Democratic nomination.Barack Obama also going after John McCain. In a speech today, Barack Obama accused John McCain of trying to bankrupt Social Security. ... Yeah, not by voting against it, just by collecting it for 80 years.Tonights, of course, a big night for all the candidates. Lets get this straight. Hillary Clinton is expected to win in Kentucky. Barack Obama is expected to win in Oregon. And John McCain is expected to win at bingo.Yesterday, Barack Obama visited an Indian reservation. And I dont know if you heard about this, but the chief adopted him and gave him the name Black Eagle. ... The chief also gave Hillary Clinton the name Runs Even After Losing.The White House has announced that next month, President Bush will be making a trip through Europe. ... Yeah. President Bush says hes really excited to go to Europe, because hes never seen a kangaroo.Yesterday, this is true, while campaigning in Kentucky, Hillary Clinton stopped at a drugstore and bought a pair of reading glasses. ... Yeah, then she picked up a newspaper and said, Holy crap, Ive got to drop out of this thing!This week, Barack Obama, true story, campaigned on an Indian reservation and the tribal chief adopted him. ... Yeah, the Indians actually prefer Obama to John McCain, because they still remember when McCain took their land.Next month, one of the last Democratic primaries will be held in the state of Montana. ... Barack Obama was expected to win the support of Montanas black voters, but they both moved to Idaho.Big political news this weekend. John McCain invited Louisianas governor, Floridas governor and Mitt Romney to a barbecue at his home in Arizona, because he wants to choose one of them to be his running mate. Yeah. Yeah, McCain says he got the idea of choosing a running mate this way by watching Flavor of Love.Other news this week. Barack Obama was endorsed by 90-year-old Senator Robert Byrd. ... Yeah. Byrd said, Obama will make a great president and if he doesnt, I wont be around anyway.In Arizona, police discovered that a church had a portable meth lab on its grounds. ... Yeah, police realized the church had a meth lab when the priest managed to say the entire mass in 20 seconds.Time magazine says that former President Bill Clinton is pushing very hard for Barack Obama to choose Hillary as his vice president. ... Yeah, Bill says...Hillary would be a great vice president or a great ambassador to any country thats far, far away.Earlier today, John McCain released 1,200 pages of his medical records. ... Or, as his doctor calls it, Chapter One.Yesterday, Barack Obama was speaking to a Jewish group and he told them that his name Barack is the same as the Jewish word Baruch, which means one whos blessed. ... Obama had a harder time explaining his middle name, Hussein.Of course, its Memorial Day weekend, which means its time for the Indianapolis 500. ... Yeah. Unfortunately, because of the high gas prices, none of the cars will be going over 40 miles per hour.The state of New Jersey is considering legalizing the use of medical marijuana. ... Yeah, residents say, Come on, we live in New Jersey. Youve got to give us something.In his new book, President Bushs former press secretary said that Bush has a lack of inquisitiveness. Yeah. When he heard this, Bush said, I dont know what hes saying, and I dont care.Speaking of President Bush, yesterday -- this is true -- during a speech, President Bush said that his economic stimulus package is working, because when people use extra money to buy a machine, that creates jobs at the machine making place. ... Yeah. Then Bush introduced his new speech writer, a 6-year-old boy named Timmy.The Associated Press reported today that Barack Obama has won enough delegates to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination. ... As a result, Hillary Clinton will concede sometime in the next 30 years.A new article in Vanity Fair magazine hints...that former President Bill Clinton may have had an affair with actress Gina Gershon. The article also hints that John McCain may have had an affair with Estelle Getty.Now that Barack Obama is the Democratic nominee, Americans are going to have to choose between the 46-year-old Obama and the 71-year-old John McCain. ... In other words, theres a choice between the Hillary-defeater or the Wal-Mart greeter.In California, a high school student, who is an illegal immigrant, is about to be deported. But since hes the schools valedictorian, hes asking President Bush to help. Yeah. Yeah, Bush told the valedictorian, Dont worry. Ill never let them send you back to Valedictoria.Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan has written a tell-all book, full of inside information about how the public was misled prior to the invasion of Iraq. Yeah. The title of the book: Stuff That Wouldve Been Really, Really Helpful Five Years Ago.Police in San Diego say that a surfer turned in 70 pounds of marijuana that he found on the beach. ... Yeah, when asked why he turned in 70 pounds of marijuana, the surfer said, Because I found 200 pounds of marijuana.An article in USA Today reports that Barack Obama and John McCain have two very different visions of the world. Thats what it said. Yeah. Biggest difference is that John McCains vision makes it impossible for him to drive at night.A high school in Ohio passed out over 300 diplomas last week. And on the diploma, the word education was spelled wrong. Yeah. Officials say the misprint should not harm the reputation of George W. Bush High School.Barack Obama took a break from the campaign yesterday to take his family on a bike ride. ... Meanwhile, John McCain took his family for a ride on his Rascal scooter.Theres a rumor...that if Barack Obama is elected president, he might appoint Bill Clinton to the Supreme Court. ... Yeah, which is good because the one woman Hillary doesnt mind Bill hanging out with is Ruth Bader Ginsburg.For the first time ever, the national average price for a gallon of gasoline is over $4, which explains the new nickname for gasoline -- Starbucks for your car.Barack Obama said his differences with Hillary Clinton are infinitesimal, tiny, minute, trivial and inconsequential. ... When he heard this, President Bush said, That guy knows way too many words to be president.CNN reports that John McCain is aggressively trying to win over the independent vote. Yeah, of course, to John McCain, independent means anyone who can make it to the toilet without help.A spokesman for United Arab Emirates Airlines says, this summer, it will launch non-stop flights from the United States to Dubai. Yeah, the spokesman said, We want to give Americans a chance to visit their money.Well, John McCain just announced he wants to do a series of town hall meetings where hell meet with the public. Thats a good idea, yeah. Its all part of McCains Speak Up, I Cant Hear You tour.NASA has announced plans to send a probe to orbit the sun, where it will have to withstand temperatures of 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Yeah. When he heard about it, President Bush said, Why dont they just go at night?New study just came out. It says that most computer support workers would take a pay cut to work from home. Yeah. Their exact quote was, We miss living in India.Barack Obama said today that he is going to fight for votes in all 50 states. ... Meanwhile, John McCain said hes is going to fight for votes in all 13 colonies.Today, at the US Open, 32-year-old Tiger Woods came back to beat 45-year-old Rocco Mediate. ... And apparently, when he heard that a younger African-American beat an older white man, John McCain said, Uh-oh.Yesterday was Fathers Day, and John McCain said he made plans to spend it with his grandchildren. ... Unfortunately, McCains grandchildren couldnt make it because they spent the day with their grandchildren.Republican Congressmen Ron Paul has finally decided to suspend his presidential campaign. ... Paul said, There comes a time when you realize that you have no chance to win, and that time was six months ago.President Bush said that...after he retires, he wants to write a book. ... Bush said hes not sure if it will be about politics or about his personal life, but he is sure it will be a pop-up book.In Cuba, 34 Cubans were arrested for trying to leave the country onboard a yacht. ... Of course, in Cuba, a yacht is five inner tubes tied to a king-size mattress.Barack Obamas staff and John McCains staff are busy now negotiating when the presidential debates will take place. ... Yeah, Obama wants them to be in September, and McCain wants them to be after his nap, but before Wheel of Fortune.Speaking of Barack Obama, yesterday, Barack Obama said, if he becomes president, he will replace the White House bowling alleys because its something he would never use. ... Yeah, apparently, this is the same reason President Bush got rid of the White House Library.This weekend, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton will be attending the same conference in Florida. ... Yeah, the conference is sponsored by the National Association of Men Who Have Been Attacked by Hillary Clinton.In a recent interview, President Bush said that he might not be the last President Bush if his brother Jeb decides to run. ... Yeah, when he heard this, Jeb said, Please stop reminding everyone were related.This week, residents...of a Romanian village decided to reelect their dead mayor rather than vote for the younger man running against him. ... Yeah, when he heard about it, John McCain said, Thats a good sign.Yesterday on The View, Barack Obamas wife Michelle did the fist-bump with all the co-hosts. ... And then she said that the fist-bump is the new high-five. After hearing this, John McCain asked, What the hell is a high-five?The latest rumor is that Hillary Clinton, who lost the Democratic nomination, is going to divorce Bill Clinton. ... Yeah, Hillarys exact quote was, Just because my dream didnt come true doesnt mean his shouldnt.Americans are flocking to Tijuana, Mexico, to fill up their cars because gas is 50% cheaper there. Yeah. Yeah, even better, the gas is free if you take two Mexicans home in your trunk.Last night, President Bush held a celebration at the White House honoring jazz. ... Yeah. It was an awkward moment when Bush said, This is great. Its just like being in an elevator.Over the fourth of July -- did you hear this? President Bush gave a speech at the home of former President Thomas Jefferson. ... Yeah, there was an awkward moment when Bush said, I would like to salute both Thomas Jefferson and his wife, Weezie.The Democratic convention is being held at a 20,000-seat arena in Denver, but Barack Obama has decided to give his acceptance speech at Denvers 80,000-seat football stadium. ... Meanwhile, Ralph Nader will be giving his acceptance speech at a Foot Locker.China has announced that they are shutting down several of their largest factories for the rest of the summer, so there will be less pollution for the Olympics. Yeah. Chinese officials say, Sorry, but for the next couple of months, youre going to have to buy your lead-coated toys somewhere else.Barack Obamas staff recently announced that Barack is planning to hold a campaign event at a NASCAR race. ... Yeah, the event will be called Meet Your First Black Guy.In Denver, a 60-year-old woman was kicked out of a John McCain rally for heckling him. Afterwards, McCain said, Im just not popular with young women.Yesterday, President Bush met with the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. Afterwards, Bush regarded him as, quote, a smart guy. Yeah. Yeah, when asked how he knows hes smart, Bush said, He speaks fluent Russian.This week, Cuba announced they will send a rowing team to the Olympics. ... Yeah, apparently, the...team started training last month and hasnt been seen since.The Democratic Party announced this week that Barack Obama will give his acceptance speech at an 80,000-seat stadium and that they will not serve fried food at the Democratic convention. ... Which begs the question, where are they going to find 80,000 Americans who dont eat fried food?Yesterday at the G8 summit, President Bush met with the prime minister of India. Yeah. There was an awkward moment when Bush told the prime minister, I think Ive been in your taxi.In case you dont know, last night, Fox News aired video of Jesse Jackson where Jackson was caught saying he wants to cut Barack Obamas ***s off. This marks the nicest thing ever said about Barack Obama on Fox News.Jackson says hes been trying to apologize to...Obama for saying he wants to cut his ***s off, but Obama has not taken his calls. ... Apparently, Jackson is so mad about this that, once again, hes threatened to cut Obamas ***s off.Presidential candidate Ralph Nader says that, this November, he expects to be on the ballot in at least 45 states. Yeah. Yeah, Naders exact quote was, I hope to screw things up in at least 45 states.Boeing announced that they are designing a new helicopter that is kept aloft by helium. ... Yeah, Boeing is calling their new helicopter a balloon.Todays New York Times, you heard about this? Has once again raised the issue that John McCain may not be eligible to be president because hes not a natural born US citizen. Thats what theyre saying, yeah. Apparently, McCain was born outside of the 13 colonies.Jesse Jackson says hes trying to put his remarks about cutting Barack Obamas nuts off...behind him. And he says that Obama has accepted his apology. Yeah. In fact, if hes elected, Obama says hell appoint Jesse Jackson secretary of nut cutting.This week, Barack Obama was endorsed by the US Black Golfers Association. Yeah. Could make the difference, yeah. Not only that, Obama was also endorsed by the Association of Asian Hockey Players.Last night, Hillary Clinton appeared at a fund raiser with Barack Obama, and Obama told the crowd that Hillary rocks. Thats what he said. Yeah, then Bill Clinton said the same thing, but he was talking about Hilary Duff.Earlier today, President Bush announced he is lifting the executive ban on offshore drilling. Yeah. Going to lift the ban on offshore drilling. Yep. Yeah, thats true. Yep. Yeah, the President made the announcement during a speech entitled Ah, What The Hell?John McCain admits that his staff has to show him Websites, because he has trouble getting on the internet by himself. Thats what he said. Yeah. Yesterday, McCain tried to surf the Internet for half an hour until his staff told him he was actually holding an Etch-a-Sketch.In a speech yesterday, big story, Barack Obama called for African-Americans to be better parents. Yeah. Thats what he said. Obama said not all black children can be raised by Angelina Jolie.Comedian Bernie Mac performed at a recent Democratic fundraiser. And after he performed at the fundraiser, Barack Obama told him to clean up his act because some of his jokes were about sex and prostitution. Yeah, unfortunately, Bernie Mac couldnt hear Obamas advice because Bill Clinton kept screaming, Encore!For the second time in two days, John McCain has referred to current events in Czechoslovakia, a country that officially ceased to exist in 1993. Yeah. Afterwards, McCain said, You know, the same thing happened the last time I went to Mesopotamia.Most voters think Barack Obama has a better smile than John McCain. Yeah, apparently, this is because McCain takes his smile out every night and puts it in a glass of water.This week, the Bush Administration added the one millionth name to the US terrorist watch list. The millionth name, yeah. So congratulations to Peggy Watkins of Phoenix, Arizona.President Bush gave a press conference about the economy. He said were in a time of uncertainty. Yeah. Yeah, then Bush said, You know, like that moment after Dora the Explorer ends, but before Spongebob starts?Reporters assigned to Barack Obama say that this whole week, Obama has been working out like crazy at a gym. Hes also been playing hours of basketball. Yeah. Meanwhile, John McCain has joined a group of mall walkers.Barack Obama is planning a trip to visit Iraq and several other Middle East countries. Yeah. Obama says he is excited about the trip, mainly because hes looking forward to meeting other people named Barack Obama.Ralph Nader announced that he is certified to be on the presidential ballot in 12 states. Yeah. However, doctors say that Nader is certifiable in all 50 states.Were doing things a little differently tonight...because Sen. John McCain is here. ... You see, normally on Friday, we would tape our show at 4:30. But to accommodate Sen. McCain, we agreed to tape the show at 5:30. Yeah. Yeah, Sen. McCain wasnt available at 4:30 because thats when he eats dinner.Yesterday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi referred to President Bushs time in office as quote, a total failure. Bush defended himself, saying, Oh, come on, Ive hardly spent any time in my office.Last night, John McCain appeared on Larry King Live. ... The show consisted of a five-minute interview and a 55-minute pee break.Barack Obama announced that next month he wants to spend a week on vacation in Hawaii. ... Yeah, after hearing about it, President Bush said, I cant believe hes taking another trip to a foreign country.Hillary Clinton is trying to retire her campaign debt, so shes giving everyone who donates money a chance to have dinner with her. ... No word yet on what the winner gets.In St. Louis, a church group is holding prayer services at gas stations asking God to lower fuel prices. If the prayers work, the church will hold a...service at Starbucks.Yesterday, of course, a moderate earthquake hit California. ... Governor Schwarzenegger was giving a speech at the time, and the shaking was so great, you could actually understand what he was saying.Time magazine says that many top Republicans are worried that lately John McCain has been taking too negative a tone. Yeah, when he heard...this, McCain said, Shut your pie holes!Barack Obama says that next month hes planning on spending a week on vacation in Hawaii. When he heard...this, President Bush said, Pace yourself, because once you become president, the vacations start coming fast and furious.A comic book publisher says hes trying to increase voter turnout in the presidential election by publishing comic books about John McCain and Barack Obama. Yeah, the publisher said that the election comic books are targeted at first- time voters and long-time virgins.In a speech yesterday, Barack Obama said hes distantly related to the famous 19th century gunslinger Wild Bill Hickock. ... After hearing this, John McCain said, Big deal. I went to high school with him.John McCains daughter announced she is writing a childrens book based on her fathers life. Thats very nice. Yeah. The...childrens book is called James and the Giant Prostate.Yesterday, Bill Clinton was giving a speech. He told a group of supporters that his wife Hillary is the person he most wants to spend time with. Yeah, apparently, Clinton likes to start off every speech with a joke.Today, President Bush left on a seven-day trip to Asia, where he will visit South Korea, Thailand, and China. ... Or, as Bush refers to them, China, China, and China.Speaking of China, it has announced that during the Olympics, protesters will be allowed to assemble in designated protest areas. ... Or, as theyre commonly called in China, jails.Barack Obama has agreed to debate John McCain three times this fall, but both candidates have conditions. Obama wants the debates to be held on college campuses, while McCain wants them to be held before 7:00 p.m.The government of China says its going to prevent rain at the Beijing Olympics by shooting dust into the clouds. ... Yeah, because thats the problem in Beijing ? theres not enough crap in the air.Now, yesterday, the government of China also guaranteed that the Beijing Olympics will be safe. But the fact is that the Chinese government knows the Olympics will be safe, because theyve already written the next three weeks of news stories.Today, the moderators were announced for the upcoming presidential debates. ... Apparently, Barack Obama insisted on someone who asks even-handed, probing questions, while John McCain insisted on someone who will talk into his good ear.John McCain does not want Dick Cheney to attend the Republican convention, because he says hes too unpopular. ... When asked to comment, Cheney said, I hope the Senator reconsiders. Then he turned into a bat and flew away.Earlier today, Tropical Storm Edouard moved from the Gulf of Mexico and crossed into Texas. ... Experts say its the first tropical storm to cross the Mexican border in the trunk of a Chevy.In Ohio, a prisoner is claiming that hes too obese to be executed, but he says he could go for a last meal.Today in Beijing, a small group of demonstrators gathered to protest China repressive government. Yeah. Funeral services will be held on Friday.Of course, Barack Obama is still continuing to dominate media coverage. The New York Times just did a big piece in which they say that Barack Obama has been successful in politics because hes a black man who doesnt make white people feel threatened, which explains Obamas Secret Service code name, Al Roker.Yesterday, the moderators for the presidential and vice presidential debates were announced. Two of them are from PBS. ... After hearing this, President Bush said, They got Bert and Ernie?Olympics start tomorrow in Beijing. People still concerned about the air quality. ... Earlier this week -- this is a true story -- a member of the International Olympic Committee said that the smog in Beijing isnt pollution, its mist. Then, he said, Just make sure not to get any mist in your eyes or lungs.Barack Obama now is giving interviews where hes opening up about his life. The candidates want to reveal their personal side. In a new interview that just came out, Barack Obama said as a kid, he cried when he saw the movie Born free. Very nice. Yeah. Yeah, meanwhile, John McCain said, as a kid, he cried because movies werent invented yet.The Beijing Olympics officially ended yesterday with the closing ceremonies. ... Yeah, afterwards, all the tourists went home to their countries, and all the Chinese women gymnasts went back to kindergarten.This Thursday, Barack Obama is going to give his acceptance speech and, reportedly, it will include performances by Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen. ... And they say Obamas not black enough.Tomorrow night at the Democratic Convention, to show her support for Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton is going to give a speech. ... Yeah, Hillarys speech is entitled Forget All Those Things I Said During The Primaries.The current issue of Newsweek magazine has a picture of President Bush on the cover with the headline, What Bush Got Right. ... Newsweek says that...is their shortest cover story since Januarys issue on famous Korean rabbis.Earlier tonight, Hillary Clinton gave a big speech at the Democratic convention in support of Barack Obama. ... Experts say it was the longest speech ever delivered entirely through clenched teeth.Of course, last night, Michelle Obama gave a very nice speech at the convention. She said shes been in love with Barack ever since he took her on their first date and bought her ice cream. Meanwhile, John McCains wife Cindy said shes been in love with McCain ever since he hit her over the head with a club and dragged her back to his cave.During the Democratic convention...delegates are being warned, this year, not to drink too much. ... Yeah, when asked why, Democratic officials said, Last time we got drunk at our convention, we ended up nominating Walter Mondale.The publisher of Simon & Schuster came out with a childrens book about Barack Obama. ... Yeah, they also came out with a childrens book about John McCain called Horton Gets a Hearing Aid.A woman in Illinois has discovered that her Jeep Cherokee used to be owned by Barack Obama. You can tell the jeep is Obamas, because Hillary Clinton keeps trying to get in the drivers seat.A new study has found that Canada is one of the top suppliers of the drug, ecstasy, in the entire world. ... Yeah, police became suspicious when they noticed people excited to be in Canada.Political experts say that John McCain is going to try to steal attention away from the Democrats tonight by leaking the name of his running mate. ... Experts say...theres a pretty good chance that McCain will leak something else, too.Last night...at the Democratic convention, Bill and Hillary Clinton were in an elevator...when it got stuck between floors for five minutes. ... A spokesman called it a minor technical glitch, while Bill called it my own personal hell.Barack Obama says hes planning to get his daughters a dog if hes elected president. Most voters asked think he should get a poodle, proving that Americans are not only ready for a black president, theyre also ready for a gay first dog.Tomorrow -- this is a little fun fact for you -- both John McCain and Michael Jackson will celebrate their birthday. ... Yeah, so it will be the birthday of an old white guy and John McCain.The Republican convention has a theme for each night. And the theme for tonight is Who is John McCain? ... Tomorrow nights theme is, Who forgot to check if the Vice Presidents daughter is pregnant?It is true. John McCains running mate, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, has revealed that her 17-year-old daughter is pregnant. Yeah. Palin said, We should never have introduced her to John Edwards.Earlier tonight, President Bush appeared at the Republican convention, live via satellite. Yeah. Or as Bush calls it, live via magic.This year, there are only 36 black delegates at the Republican convention in Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah, as a result, there are now 37 black people in Minnesota.Vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin has many views. She says shes opposed to same-sex marriage. ... Yeah, Palin says everyone knows marriage isnt for gay people, its for pregnant teenagers.And speaking of Sarah Palin, she says shes a lifelong member of the National Rifle Association, which may explain why shes in favor of shotgun weddings.This week, John McCain was endorsed by the gay group known as the Log Cabin Republicans. ... Yeah, they endorsed McCain, not because he supports gay rights, but because he was actually born in a log cabin.Last night, President Bush addressed the crowd at the Republican convention via satellite. ... Yeah, the first ten minutes of Bushs speech consisted of him saying, Wait a minute, how you can see me when I cant see you?Sarah Palins husband was at the convention last night. And at one point, Palin said her husbands parents were Eskimos. ... Then tonight, during John McCains speech, he admitted that his parents were Vikings.Now, today it was reported that the speech that Sarah Palin delivered at the convention was actually written by President Bushs speech writer, which explains the title of the speech, I Like Trucks.While she was addressing the crowd, Sarah Palin spent a lot of time criticizing Barack Obamas campaign speeches for not having enough specifics. ... Obama was reportedly angry about the claim, but didnt say exactly why.Today, the Mayor of Detroit agreed to plead guilty to obstruction of justice charges. ... Yeah, as punishment, he will be required to serve out his full term as Mayor of Detroit.Everybody talking about John McCains big speech last night at the Republican convention. McCain used the word change over ten times during his acceptance speech, although, nine of those times it was in the sentence, Could somebody please change me?Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is out on the campaign trail. Today, she attended a rally in Wisconsin. ... The Alaska Governor said she was thrilled to visit Wisconsin. because shes never been to the Deep South.Oprah Winfreys in the middle of a big scandal, because she is refusing to have Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin on her show. ... The friction started because Palin said if shes elected, shell be the most powerful woman in the country. And Oprah said, The hell you will!John Edwards announced that in order not to be a distraction, hes canceling all public appearances until the election is over. Yeah. However, Edwards said he will continue to make all of his private appearances.MTVs Video Music Awards were last night. The show was hosted by Russell Brand, who referred to President Bush, and this caused a big controversy, as a retarded cowboy. People got upset, because, of course, everyone knows the correct term is special needs cowboy. If hed said that, there wouldnt be a problem.Today, Barack Obama took his daughters to their first day of school, which was sweet. And in a related story, John McCain took his daughters to pick up their Social Security checks.Experts say...that since Sarah Palin became the vice presidential nominee, theres been an actual spike in the sales of her style of eyeglasses. ... Yeah, with...Palins glasses, youll be able to see everything, except what the hell your teenage daughters up to.According to the latest polls, which came out today, John McCain has started to open up a lead over Barack Obama. ... The USA Today poll has McCain ahead by ten points, the CBS News poll has the two tied, and the MSNBC poll says that Obama won the election last week.People all over the world now are following our election. And according to a new international poll that just came out, people in Canada want Barack Obama to be the next US president. That makes sense because Obama has the support of Canadas anti-war voters, as well as Canadas black guy.Theres an old picture of Sarah Palin circulating on the Internet right now, and shes wearing a t-shirt that says, I may be broke, but Im not flat busted. ... John McCain was upset when he heard this and asked, Whats the Internet?Sources in North Korea...say that dictator Kim Jong Il is very sick. He may have to shift power to one of his three sons. ... Of course, theres still an out of the box chance hell pick Sarah Palin.Of course, the big story today, Barack Obama was accused of insulting Sarah Palin when he criticized Republican policies by saying, You can put lipstick on a pig, but its still a pig. ... Political experts say that if Obama keeps insulting Palin, he could lose the election and win a job at MSNBC.Boy George says hes written a song supporting Barack Obama. Yeah. Yeah, this will help Barack lock up the critical 1980s gay British pop star vote.Today in Washington, DC, independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader met with former presidential candidate Ron Paul. Yeah, they didnt plan the meeting. They just bumped into each other in a soup line.Sarah Palins been spending the last couple of days being briefed by advisers on what she needs to know to be John McCains vice president. Thats true. Yeah. Apparently, the first thing they taught her was CPR.Last night, ABC News aired the first televised interview with Sarah Palin, who stumbled a bit because she had never heard of the Bush Doctrine. Yeah. When he heard this, President Bush said, Thats okay. Neither have I.Big event yesterday in New York. Barack Obama had lunch with former President Bill Clinton. Afterwards, Clinton said, Its the first time the two of us have had a chance to sit down together and really bitch about Hillary.The latest political commercial by Barack Obama...attempts to portray John McCain as being unfamiliar with technology. McCain was outraged, and he responded in an e-mail, or as McCain calls it, a computer letter from the future.This is true. They interviewed Sarah Palins father. And Sarah Palins father says that they shoot 90% of the meat their family eats. ... Yeah, the other 10%, they hit with their pickup truck.The other day, John McCain appeared on the show The View, and one of the hosts accused McCain of being a liar. ... Yeah, she may have a point, because McCain started the interview by saying, Ladies, you look beautiful.Republican strategist Karl Rove recently gave an interview. And he said John McCains attack ads go too far and arent truthful. Yeah. Then Rove said, Ive never been so proud.On Election Day, Ralph Nader will appear on the presidential ballot in only 45 states. Yeah. Nader said, This is really disappointing. I wanted to embarrass myself in all 50 states.This weekend in New York City, gays and lesbians staged a protest demanding the right to get married. Yeah. When he heard this, President Bush said, Wait a minute, now gays want to marry lesbians?An adviser to John McCain...claimed today, just a couple of hours ago, that McCain helped create the Blackberry, or, as McCain calls it, the fancy garage door opener.Well, Barack Obamas campaign just announced that Barbra Streisand will headline an upcoming fundraiser for Obama. After hearing this, John McCain said, And he says Im out of touch with the American people.A religious leader in Saudi Arabia has denounced Mickey Mouse as a tool of Satan. ... Yeah, the weird thing is he has nothing but good things to say about Goofy.Last night, Barack Obama attended a fundraiser headlined by Barbra Streisand that raised $9 million. ... This was historic because it was the most money raised in one night. And its the first time a black man has ever attended a Barbra Streisand concert.John McCains wife...is angry. She lashed out at the ladies of The View after the McCains appeared on the show. ... In response, Barbara Walters said, Shes just mad because I dated her husband during the Civil War.Yesterday in Washington, President Bush met with the cast of the Broadway musical The Lion King. ... There was an awkward moment when Bush called Simba his favorite African leader.Due to the current crisis on Wall Street, President Bush announced just a few hours ago that hes canceled a trip to Alabama. Thats true. Yeah, Bush said, Under the circumstances, I didnt think it was right to leave the country.This Sunday, the entire hour of 60 Minutes will be devoted to Barack Obama and John McCain. ... Yeah. Apparently, Barack Obama will be interviewed, while John McCain will fill in for Andy Rooney.Earlier this week in Colorado, Barack Obama gave a speech in the middle of a rodeo ring. Yeah. Obama began his speech...by saying, Hello, I am what is known as a black guy.This week, someone hacked into Sarah Palins Yahoo! account and read her emails. Yeah. Yeah, reading Palins email is a great way to hear what she has to say without having to listen to her voice.President Bush hosted the final state dinner of his Presidency, which explains why the First Lady finally let him wear his Burger King crown.Cuba announced its going to team up with Russia to help build a Cuban space program. ... The countrys current space program consists of Cubans trying to swim to the moon.President Bush has been speaking out about the Wall Street bailout. And today, a reporter asked him what he planned to do about AIG. ... Bush got upset and said, Why does everyone always spell in front of me?Yesterday, at a big campaign rally, Sarah Palin drew a crowd of 60,000 people. ... Yeah, after hearing about it, Joe Biden got new glasses and a boob job.Sources from Barack Obamas campaign say that during Fridays first presidential debate, Obamas going to try to get John McCain to lose his temper. ... Yeah, Obama plans to do this by constantly repeating the phrase, Matlock is gay.Earlier today, Governor Sarah Palin held a meeting with several leaders from other countries to showcase her foreign policy expertise. Thats right, yeah. Experts say the meeting took 90 seconds.Yesterday, the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, challenged John McCain to a debate. But McCain says if he wanted to be attacked by an extremist in an unfair environment, hed appear on MSNBC.Speaking of John McCain, in a speech today, he said that illegal Irish immigrants in America should be allowed to become citizens. Yeah. When asked why, McCain said, Because my wifes family owns Budweiser.Today, John McCain made a big announcement. He said he wants to postpone Fridays presidential debate, but not because of the economic crisis. It turns out TV Land is airing a Golden Girls marathon.Earlier tonight, President Bush gave a speech about the Wall Street financial crisis. ... The title of Bushs speech was Two More Months And It Aint My Problem.Sarah Palin was in New York City this week. While she was here, her family took the ferry to visit the Statue of Liberty. ... When she saw the ferry, Palin said, Cant we build a bridge to that thing? It would be easier to get there.John McCain has been trying to look younger on the campaign trail by using a makeup artist named Tiffany who works on American Idol. True story, yeah. Tiffany says, Making John McCain look younger is easy, but what is really hard is making Paula Abdul look sober.Yesterday, President Bush telephoned both John McCain and Barack Obama to discuss the current financial crisis. ... Yeah, the entire conversation consisted of Bush yelling suckers, and hanging up.Then today ? heres the latest. President Bush invited Barack Obama and John McCain to a meeting at the White House this afternoon at 4:00, or as McCain calls it, just after dinner.Because of the financial crisis, John McCain says he may not appear at the presidential debate on Friday. So Ralph Nader has offered to fill in for him. ... Thats true. However, Nader is insisting that McCain work his shift at Kinkos.A Florida congressman has sparked a big controversy by saying Sarah Palin doesnt care about Jews or black people. ... Palin insists thats not true and says Alaska has one of each.Today, the House of Representatives voted against the Wall Street bailout plan, a plan which House Minority Leader John Boehner called a crap sandwich. Congress is already working on a new plan, which they call a crap sandwich with cheese.Now, today, when the stock market closed, it was down 777 points, which is the biggest point drop in American history. ... As a result, President Bush was able to cross off the tenth and final item on his Administrations bucket list.Critics are still analyzing Sarah Palins interview with Katie Couric last week. And...theyre saying she was halting, repetitive, and stumped on basic questions. Yeah. In other words, Palin appeared very presidential.Hugh Hefner has asked Sarah Palin to pose nude for Playboy magazine. Palin said shed agree to pose for Playboy as long as theres no interview.Yesterday, the Dow Jones average dropped 777 points, which wiped out $1.2 trillion in the stock market. ... Financial experts say the last time that much money disappeared in one day was when Oprah left her purse in a cab.Of course, the big bailout plan that was supposed to save everything failed yesterday. Political experts say if a new version of the economic bailout plan is going to pass, significant changes are going to have to be made. Yeah. For instance, Congress is going to have to remove the section of the plan that says, Sweet Jesus, please let this work.Now yesterday, John McCain said that Federal aid to Wall Street shouldnt be called a bailout, but instead should be called a rescue. Yeah. McCain also said hes not old, hes geezerific.Of course, the bailout plan, thats what everyones talking about now. Congress trying very hard, once again, with this bailout plan. And economists are now claiming...that our nations leaders did not properly explain the bailout plan to the public. That was the problem, yeah. After hearing this, President Bush said, While youre at it, could someone explain it to me?Its been reported that John McCain is taking an herbal supplement to improve his memory. ... Apparently, McCain is having trouble remembering why he picked Sarah Palin.New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg in the news because he said hes interested in running for another term. There is resistance, however, because the law would have to be changed to allow for a third term. Yeah, its not that people have a big problem with Mike Bloomberg. They just dont want to give President Bush any ideas.The vice presidential debate is tonight, and its big. Political experts are saying that to succeed in tonights debate, Sarah Palin needs to show that she has the same concerns as everyday Americans. Thats what they said. Yeah. For instance, Palin planned to start the debate by saying shes really troubled by John McCains choice for vice president.Political experts say that one mistake by to Sarah Palin night could be crushing to John McCains campaign. Yeah. However, they say 20 or 30 mistakes by Palin could be really funny.Everyones still talking about Sarah Palins interview with Katie Couric, where Palin was unable to answer a question about the Supreme Court. Apparently, Palin thought the Supreme Court was a regular court with extra cheese.Larry Flynt announced hes making a porn movie with a Sarah Palin look-alike. ... John McCain called the idea offensive, Barack Obama called it inappropriate, but Bill Clinton said hell reserve judgment until he sees the film.A new study has found that the number...of illegal immigrants coming into the United States has declined as our economy has faltered. Yeah, when he heard this, President Bush said, Do I know how to fix a problem or what?This is interesting. According to a recent poll that just came out, the majority of McCain voters think the economy is in a normal downward cycle, but the majority of Obama voters think the economy is in a long-term decline. Yeah. Meanwhile, the majority of Ralph Nader voters collect empty beer cans along the highway.Last nights vice presidential debate between Joe Biden and Sarah Palin drew much higher ratings than the presidential debate. ... Yeah, Biden attracted viewers who enjoyed his previous debate appearances and Palin attracted viewers who enjoyed the movie Fargo.Today, President Bush signed the Wall Street bailout bill, but he said our economy continues to face serious challenges. Yeah. Yeah, Bush said he thought those challenges could be overcome as soon as he leaves office in two months.John McCains campaign...has closed their offices in Michigan and they say they wont try to compete for votes there. ... Yeah, apparently, this is part of McCains strategy to try to win votes only in the original 13 colonies.The second presidential debate was tonight. And beforehand, John McCain said, The gloves are coming off. ... Yeah, then McCain said, But dont worry, the diaper is staying on.Some of the questions for tonights debate were submitted by people on the Internet. When faced with the Internet questions, John McCain said he refuses to engage with wizards or warlocks. None of that crazy Internet magic for him.In a recent speech, Sarah Palin referred to Afghanistan as our neighboring country. Yeah, yeah. Then she promised to find Osama bin Laden in the mountains of Toronto.President Bush gave a speech today about the economy. And he said he believed -- this is his quote -- he said, Anyone who makes bad decisions should fail. ... Yeah, then Bush looked around the room and said, Hey, why did it get so quiet in here?During last nights debate, John McCain sparked a bit of a controversy...when he referred to Barack Obama as that one. Yeah, afterwards, McCain said, What? Like Im supposed to remember everybodys name now?Well, because of all the international focus on the election, last nights debate was broadcast in foreign countries all across Europe, Asia, and South America, or, as Sarah Palin calls them, Russia.People looking into Barack Obamas campaign contributions say that Obama may have received $3.3 million from abroad. Yeah. It turns out that broad is Oprah Winfrey.Possible controversy for the Obama campaign. Republicans are now accusing Barack Obamas campaign of voter fraud, because some of the people theyve registered sound like they have fake names. ... Apparently, the fakest-sounding name is Barack Obama.This week, independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader announced that he is opening up 22 campaign offices nationwide, which means that every Nader supporter will get his or her own office.Last night on NBC, the fourth contestant was kicked off the show, The Biggest Loser. ... Yeah, that leaves two contestants, the CEO of AIG and the CEO of Lehman Brothers.In the African country of Liberia, police have discovered huge numbers of marijuana farms in a county named Bong. ... Yeah, police became suspicious when they realized the countys name was Bong.A town in upstate New York is now being accused of being biased because they sent out absentee ballots that say Barack Osama. Today they apologized and printed new ballots that say Barack Hussein Osama.The Washington Post compared the 2008 presidential election to the 1932 presidential election. Mainly because 1932 was the first time that John McCain ran for president.Newsweek magazines being criticized because last weeks cover featured a very unflattering picture of Sarah Palin. ... Palin says its the worst thing the press has done to her since the time they made her answer a question.This weekend, the leaders of the worlds richest countries got together to discuss the global economic meltdown. ... President Bush wanted to go to the meeting, but after last week the US is no longer one of the worlds richest countries.Levi Johnston, the boyfriend of Sarah Palins pregnant daughter, is back in the news. He gave an interview in which he says that at first, he was nervous attending the Republican convention with the Palins, but then he was like, Whatever. Yeah, he also admitted that he writes Sarah Palins speeches.Speaking of politics, a group linked to Democrats is now being investigated because theyve been accused of falsifying voter registration forms, including a form for Mickey Mouse. Yeah, President Bush was furious when he heard this, because he thought Mickey Mouse was a Republican.President Bush announced today he is going to have the Federal government put $250 billion into US banks. Yeah. Bush also said if hes putting that much money into a bank, theyd better give him a big-ass toaster.This week on the campaign trail, John McCain made some news. He talked about his next debate with Barack Obama, and he said, Im going to whip his you-know-what. ... Then, McCain vowed to hit Obama in the whatchamacallit and kick him in the thingamajig.Earlier this evening, the third presidential debate was held. ... Hillary Clinton was sitting in the audience. Did you know that? Yeah. Yeah, in fact, when John McCain was attacking Barack Obama, you could hear Hillary yelling, Get him!Sarah Palin had her motorcade stop at a Wal-Mart so she could buy a bag of diapers. ... Palin said she wouldnt have made the stop for diapers, but John McCains completely out.Josh Brolin, who plays President Bush in the new movie W, says at first he wasnt sure he should take the role because it would be such an acting challenge. Thats what he said. Brolin says he prepared for the role by getting up every day, running five miles, and then bashing himself in the head with a hammer.A poll came out today; 67% of Americans say theyve seen enough and they dont want any more presidential debates. ... The other 33% are plumbers who want to hear their name on television.Everyones talking about Joe the Plumber now. John McCain mentioned Joe the plumber last night 21 times. ... Experts are already comparing it to the 2004 debate when President Bush wouldnt shut up about Larry the Cable Guy.And more details coming out about Joe the Plumber. And Im not making this up. It came out this morning. His real name is not Joe, and hes not a licensed plumber. ... However, the McCain campaign insists that the the is accurate.In a speech earlier this week, John McCain...said, Ive been fighting for the United States of America since I was 17 years old. Then he said, Of course, back then it was called Pangaea.Sarah Palin remains very popular. In fact, this week in Tennessee, a man named his newborn baby after Sarah Palin. Yeah, he decided to do so after he asked the baby to name three countries, and it just stared blankly into space.Well, political experts say that John McCains only chance of winning the presidential election next week is to attract swing voters. ... Unfortunately, McCain thinks swing voters are people who listen to Glenn Miller.The other day, a guy who played a game of basketball against Barack Obama said that Obama spent the whole game trash talking. ... He also said Obamas trash talking is eloquent, high-minded, and inspirational.Alaskas largest newspaper has endorsed Barack Obama despite the fact that their governor is Sarah Palin. ... Luckily for Palin, its one of the 500 newspapers she doesnt read.Joe the plumber back in the news. Earlier today, Joe the plumber officially endorsed John McCain. ... However, Joe insists that his first love will always be toilets.Republicans are warning voters right now that if Barack Obama is elected president the Democrats will control all three branches of the government. ... John McCain said, This would be dangerous, while Dick Cheney said, It would be expensive. Sarah Palin, meanwhile, said, We have three branches of government?Tough news for John McCain. He is still trailing in the polls with just a week to go. CNN reported just a few hours ago that the polls in Pennsylvania show little movement for John McCain. At this point, the only way for McCain to show movement involves eating a bowl of Raisin Bran.Barack Obama is now encouraging his supporters to take Election Day off so they can help him get out the vote. But a lot of Americans said they were already planning to take that day off because they dont have a job.Yesterday, in Washington, the Secret Service arrested a man who climbed over the White House fence. True story, yeah. Yeah, the Secret Service told the man, Get back here, Mr. President. You have two more months.During the speech earlier today, Barack Obama accidentally mixed up his black sitcom characters. He said that Wheezy from The Jeffersons was a character on Sanford and Son. ... And just like that, folks, the election is wide open.Ive noticed a number of athletes are now endorsing candidates in this presidential election. ... Barack Obama has been endorsed by Patrick Ewing and Charles Barkley, and John McCains been endorsed by Ty Cobb and Jim Thorpe.Joe the plumber was supposed to appear at a John McCain rally today, but didnt show up. Yeah. So, apparently, the guy really is a plumber.A judge in Ohio has ruled that homeless people are allowed to vote, and they can list their home address as a park bench. Yeah. Ohio officials say that a park bench may not be the most traditional place to live, but its still a lot nicer than Cleveland.Barack Obama made a special stop in Chicago...so he could see his daughters in their Halloween costumes. ... Apparently, Obamas daughters wanted to be a princess and a fairy, but he made them dress as hope and change.It was reported today that 33 million people saw Barack Obamas infomercial. ... Very successful, yeah. As a result, John McCains thinking of making one, but his is for the Craftmatic Adjustable Bed.Oprah Winfrey says she plans to attend Barack Obamas election night rally in Chicago. Yeah. Thats great, yeah. So, win or lose, Obamas going home with a new car.The Republican Party has asked President Bush to stay out of sight until after the election. ... And apparently, Bush has agreed to the strategy and is appearing weekly on the NBC series Kath & Kim.This weekend at a John McCain rally, California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said that Barack Obama needs to exercise more because his legs are too skinny. ... Then he said, Now behold the awesome physical specimen that is John McCain.Over the weekend, a comedian, I guess on the radio, tricked Sarah Palin into getting on the phone by pretending he was French President Nicolas Sarkozy. The comedian says it was really difficult to trick Palin into believing he was Nicolas Sarkozy because she has no idea who that is.Joe the plumber is back in the news. Joe the plumber is now saying he wants to write a book. Yeah. Joes book would be called The Five People You Meet Fixing Toilets.Last night, after Barack Obama was declared the winner, President Bush called Obama and promised to work with him to guarantee a smooth transition. ... When we heard this, Obama said, Thanks, but youve done enough.All the major networks declared Barack Obama the winner at 11:00 last night, except for MSNBC, which declared Obama the winner six months ago.Hundreds of thousands of people turned out for Obamas victory rally in Chicago. But there was an awkward moment when Obama put on a hat that said proud to be Muslim and screamed, Suckas!Barack Obama won the state of Florida, which means that it went from a red state to a blue state. Thats huge, yeah. Its historic, because its the first time something turned blue in Florida and they didnt have to call a medic.A lot of speculation about Sarah Palins future, but last night, she denied rumors that shes getting ready to run for president in 2012. Palin said, Thats a long time away. Ill be a great-grandmother by then.Yesterday, apparently, First Lady Laura Bush called Michelle Obama and invited her and her young daughters to the White House. Isnt that nice? Laura Bush told Mrs. Obama, While I give you a tour, the girls can watch Spongebob with the President.In Japan, officials in a small town called Obama -- theres a town in Japan called Obama -- say theyre going to invite Barack Obama to visit. Yeah. And actually, a similar trip happened after Bill Clinton was elected, and he was invited to Horndog, Thailand.President-elect Barack Obama spent the day thanking the people who helped him win the election. Thats right. Yeah, and actually, Obamas first phone call was to Sarah Palin.When they were prepping Sarah Palin for the debates, they found out that she thought Africa was a country, not a continent. Yeah. Now, to be fair to Sarah Palin, it is hard to see Africa from Alaska.Chinese President Hu Jintao says that now that Barack Obama has been elected, he is looking forward to take the relationship between China and the US to the next level. Thats what he said. Yeah. Then he said, Who knows -- maybe well even go all the way.Today, at his first press conference as president-elect, Barack Obama said America will succeed if we can put aside partisanship and politics. Nice. Yeah. In other words, were totally screwed.Sports Illustrated says Barack Obama is going to install a basketball court at the White House. But in order to make room, workers at the White House will have to get rid of President Bushs Slip n Slide.In Kenya, thousands of expectant mothers are planning to name their babies after Barack Obama. ... Yeah. The Kenyans are really glad Obama won, because in Swahili, John McCain means your goat just ate my daughter.Oprah Winfrey has said she will not accept the role of an ambassador to a foreign country if it were offered to her by Barack Obama. ... On the other hand, Obama did announce that his new surgeon general is Dr. Phil.Some of the smaller elections across the country on Tuesday were very close. The election for mayor in a small town in Minnesota was a tie, so they decided to choose a winner with a coin toss. ... Unfortunately, the economy is so bad, no one had a coin.President Bush is mad at Barack Obama because Obama leaked details of the private meeting they had yesterday in the Oval Office. ... Yeah, Bush says, What happens in the couch fort stays in the couch fort.It was reported today that Michelle Obama wants her mother to move into the White House with them. Yeah. Yeah, this is expected to be the first time Barack uses his veto power.One of the Obama girls is allergic to dogs, so someone has offered the Obamas a puppy that is completely hairless. Yeah. In fact, the children have already given the puppy the name James Carville.Barack and Michelle Obama are looking for a church in Washington to attend. ... Apparently, the Obamas ask every prospective pastor the same question: Have you ever been videotaped screaming, God damn America?The Secret Service recently gave Barack Obamas wife and daughters code names. These are the code names -- Renaissance, Rosebud and Radiance. ... Yeah, apparently, the agent who created the names has a secret dream to get into the perfume business.Earlier today, President Bush was in New York, and he gave a speech about the financial crisis and other major problems facing the country. Thats right. The speech was called So Long Suckers.In Washington, DC, today, Dick Cheney gave Joe Biden tour of the vice presidents living quarters. ... Yeah, afterwards, Biden said he loves the house, but hell probably turn the dungeon back into a red room.The Republican Party is considering choosing an African-American to be their partys chairman. Yeah. Unfortunately, neither guy wants the job.American Express is in financial trouble. The company reportedly wants a $5.5 billion loan from the government. Yeah, unfortunately for American Express, the government only takes Visa and Diners Club.This is nice. Barack Obamas daughters he been invited to appear in an episode of the show, Hannah Montana. Isnt that nice? Yeah, President Bush is furious and insists that because hes still president, he should be invited first.All the articles you read now are about this transition, about how the Obamas are going to Washington and the family is going to have to adjust. Theyve been writing about when Barack Obamas daughters and how theyre going to have to get used to having a chef cook all their meals. ... Yeah, the White House chef is furious about the kids. And he said, Great, four more years of making SpaghettiOs and chicken fingers.John McCain was once again campaigning yesterday -- this is true -- this time for a Republican congressman whos facing a runoff election. So, McCain is out there stumping for him. And you can tell McCains a little bitter about his defeat, because, instead of saying, My friends, he now says, My ungrateful bastards.True story, people in the publishing industry are starting to speculate that President Bush is going to write a book after he leaves office. Yeah. Yeah, and by write, they mean draw.Last night, 60 Minutes, Barack Obama...spoke at length about his life these days. He said that since he won the election, he has slept in his own bed every night. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Man, this guy has a lot to learn.At a big photo op...earlier today in Chicago, Barack Obama tried to smooth things over by meeting with his former opponent John McCain. ... Obama congratulated McCain on running a good campaign, while McCain congratulated Obama on being a stupid jerk face.Everyones talking about how Obama is going to get a dog for his little girls. Well, Barack says hes taking his time picking out a dog for his daughters because hes looking for a pet that wont shed its hair, which is the exact same reason, apparently, he picked Joe Biden.Yesterday, in Chicago, President-elect Obama met with former political rival John McCain. Both men said it was a relief to put their differences aside, sit down, and really make fun of Sarah Palin.Yesterday, President Bush awarded, this is true, a National Medal of the Arts to Stan Lee, the comic book artist who created Spider-Man. ... Yeah, afterwards, Bush said its the first thing hes done as President that felt right.Earlier today, the heads of GM, Ford, and Chrysler appeared together in front of Congress to ask for a $25 billion bailout. ... And heres whats interesting. When asked what they would do with the money, all three of them said, Buy a new BMW.Yesterday was a nice day. Barack Obamas daughters Malia and Sasha made their first visit to the White House. The girls were excited to see where theyll be living, and President Bush was excited to finally have somebody to play hide-and-seek with.This week, John McCain met with his advisers to prepare to run for reelection to the Senate. Yeah. Apparently, McCains new campaign slogan is, Now 100% Sarah Palin-free.The auto executives for the Big Three are being criticized now, because, before they asked Congress for billions of dollars, they all flew to Washington in private jets. Yeah, separately, in private jets. In their defense, the executives said, We would have driven, but our cars only get three miles to the gallon.Officials in Missouri have finally finished counting the presidential ballots, and they say that John McCain won that state. ... As a result, Sarah Palin now thinks shes the Vice President of Missouri.Oprah Winfrey just announced that shes planning to attend Barack Obamas inauguration. ... Oprah says shes very excited to see Obama become the second-most powerful person in the world.The three auto companies in the United States are all scrambling to come up with a plan, some way to reinvent themselves. Well, this week Ford did its part. Ford unveiled a new hybrid, the Ford Fusion, which will get almost 40 miles to the gallon. ... Yeah, and when asked how much it would cost, a spokesman for Ford said,  $25 billion.This week, a New York elementary school became the first school in the country to be named after Barack Obama. ... Yeah, unfortunately, yeah, no one likes their teams new nickname, the Fighting Husseins.General Motors announced...that they are ending their endorsement deal with Tiger Woods. When asked why, a spokesperson for General Motors said, Tiger Woods is successful, competitive, and popular. And thats just not us.President-elect Barack Obama gave a press conference today. He says he is united with President Bushs Administration on doing everything they can to fix the economy. When asked about it, President Bush replied, Uh, what he said, and then went back to packing.Now, during the press conference, Obama told reporters that the economy is likely to get worse. ... After hearing this, John McCain said, Thats funny. He didnt mention that during the campaign.Astronauts on board the International Space Station are trying to fix the machine that turns urine into drinking water. ... Well, actually, the urine converter was fixed days ago, but the astronauts keep saying, You try it. No, you try it.The city of Amsterdam has announced that because of a new law, it will be closing 43 marijuana cafes. Folks, isnt that amazing? They now have a law in Amsterdam.In a speech this morning, Barack Obama said, This isnt about big government or small government. Its about building a smarter government. ... When he heard this, President Bush said, I get it. I get it. Im leaving.Earlier today, John McCain was in the news. John McCain gave his first press conference since the election. And he said, For a lot of people, Sarah Palin was an energizing factor during the campaign. ... Unfortunately for McCain, those people are called Democrats.Everyones talking about the American auto industry right now. A new study just came out and found that the Ford Motor Company makes the cars with the highest safety rating. Of all the cars, yeah. Yeah, apparently, Ford cars are so safe because they never leave the dealers lot.It was reported today that...the machine on board the International Space Station that turns urine into drinking water has been fixed. ... After hearing this, an astronaut said, Wait. You mean that wasnt lemon Tang?Citibank says they will not be able to sponsor the New York Mets new stadium because the banks finances have collapsed. Yeah, the Mets are furious and said, Our sponsors dont collapse. We do.This weekend, at a Kennedy Center Awards ceremony, Barbra Streisand kissed President George W. Bush. Yeah. The ultimate liberal kissed President George W. Bush. Yeah. Afterward, Bush said, Who was that guy?Our government right now is still trying to work out a bailout for the auto industry. ... Yesterday, President Bush said, Its hard to tell if a deal with the automakers is imminent. Then Bush said, Its also hard to tell if the big hands on the 11 or the 12.Now, some Senate leaders in Washington say theyre...very close to reaching a bailout deal for the car companies. The senators say its taking so long because every time they almost get a deal, the car executives say, I have to go back and check with my manager.This is a weird story. Fran Dreschers in the news. Fran Drescher, who starred in The Nanny, says she wants to be appointed to Hillary Clintons senate seat. ... Unfortunately, the seat has already been promised to Mr. Belvedere.Speaking of Senate seats, this morning, Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich was arrested by the FBI because he was trying to sell the Senate seat being vacated by Barack Obama. ... Blagojevich says hes sorry he tried to sell the seat and extremely sorry he did it on Craigslist.Latest rumor in Washington is that President-elect Barack Obama may open up trade with Cuba. This is great news for anyone looking to buy a black-and-white television.President-elect Barack Obama, today, called for Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich to resign. ... Blagojevich said, Ill do that if the price is right.Speaking of Governor Blagojevich. Today -- coincidence -- today is his birthday. ... So for the second day in a row, Federal agents jumped out and yelled, Surprise!This week, the White House sent out a memo listing President Bushs successes and accomplishments. ... Actually, its not so much a memo as it is a Post-it note.A plan to bail out the Big Three automakers stalled in Congress today. Yeah. As a result, Congress plans to buy a better-built Japanese bailout plan.Now, this is also in the news. As a protest against discriminatory marriage laws, gay rights groups are calling on gay people not to come to work today, which explains why my hair looks so bad tonight.Yesterday President-elect Barack Obama called on Illinois Governor Blagojevich to resign. ... And after...hearing this, Blagojevich said, If he wants to call and talk to me, its $4.99 a minute.According to an article about President Bushs fitness routine that just came out, during his Presidency, Bush has spent 2,500 hours walking on a treadmill. Yeah. Bush said he only wanted to be on the treadmill for 45 minutes but he couldnt figure out how to turn it off.Bad news for the auto industry. ... Yesterday, the bailout for US automakers fell apart in Congress. Yeah. Yeah, apparently the bailout fell apart because it was designed by the same people who make the Chevy Malibu.According to an article that just came out in a fitness magazine, President Bush often rides a stationary bike onboard Air Force One. Thats true. Advisors say, He pedals really hard because he thinks hes powering the plane.Earlier this week, Illinois Governor Rob Blagojevich was accused of auctioning off a Senate seat to the highest bidder. Now his approval rating is at 8%. When he heard this, Blagojevich said, Eight? Do I hear a nine? 10? 11?Yesterday at a press conference in Baghdad, an angry Iraqi threw his shoes at President Bushs head. ... Yeah, when he saw the shoes, President Bush said, See, I knew you guys had weapons of mass destruction.Now, the man -- this is true -- the man who threw his shoes at President Bush is being hailed as a hero in Iraq. Yeah. In fact, when he dies, hell be greeted in heaven by 72 podiatrists.You cant avoid how Im opening tonights show, because everyones still talking about the shoe-throwing incident with our President. It has gripped the nation. It really has. And, well, today, President Bush told reporters, because hes still talking about it, and he said that the shoe-throwing incident was one of the weirdest moments of his Presidency. ... Bush said the only thing weirder was the time he got re-elected.Some people are criticizing the Secret Service because the shoe thrower caught them off guard. The man was able to throw a second shoe. Yeah. A spokesman for the Secret Service said, Sorry, but we were laughing our a $#es off.The current Administration of course is winding down, not just President Bush, but everybody is sort of talking about the eight years. Yesterday, Dick Cheney was interviewed by ABC News and he reflected on his eight years in office. Yeah. Then he turned into a bat and disappeared in a puff of smoke.State of Californias having some trouble. State of California, worried about pollution. Thats right. But theyre on the case. Earlier today, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that his state needs to reduce toxic substances. Yeah. Of course, when Arnold said it, it sounded like ragu taco submarines.It was reported today that the Iraqi journalist who threw the shoes at President Bush had his arm broken when security subdued him. ... And even worse, it was his shoe-throwing arm. That guy is out for the season.Speaking of the President, in a recent interview, President Bush said that he has a collection of over 250 autographed baseballs. Yeah. Unfortunately, the question the interviewer asked was do you have an exit strategy for Iraq?The Illinois Supreme Court refused to hear a motion to throw Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich out of office. Yeah. Afterwards, Blagojevich thanked the supreme court and said, Your check is in the mail.This week, Dick Cheney was interviewed by ABC News and he said that he will miss being Vice President. Yeah. Yeah. Then he said, And Ill really miss being President.This week President Bush hosted the annual White House Hanukkah party. ... Yeah, there was...an awkward moment when Bush made a wish and blew out all eight candles.Time magazine has selected their person of the year. Guess what, its President-elect Barack Obama. .. Yeah, ironically, Ebony magazine announced their person of the year, and its Ed Begley Jr.Gay leaders are furious at Barack Obama because he picked an anti-gay minister to deliver a prayer during the inauguration ceremony. ... Yeah. Gay leaders are also furious at Obama because the tie hes planning to wear is all wrong.President Bush is hosting a lunch next month with President-elect Obama and all the former presidents. Isnt that cool? Yeah. Bush said, I invited all 43 guys, but only four responded. He doesnt know what happened.According to a new survey that just came out, the most admired profession is doctor. Doctor is the most admired profession. Yeah. The least admired profession? Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevichs barber.Mexico City has begun working on expanding its subway system. Thats right. Apparently, theyre adding stops in San Diego and Los Angeles.This week, President Bush hosted the annual White House Hanukkah party and the opening prayer was delivered by a rabbi. Or as Bush kept calling him, Jewish Santa..Oprah Winfrey is not only planning to attend Barack Obamas inauguration, she says shes currently looking for a house to buy in Washington, D.C. Shes going to buy a house there,. Oprah said shes found a nice little cottage at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.This week, Donald Trump was asked what he thought about the recently arrested Wall Street financier Bernard Madoff, and Trump called him a disgrace and a sleaze bag. Then Trump cast him in the next season of The Apprentice.In a recent interview, President Bush says that hes already begun thinking about his farewell speech. Yeah, which means hes only two years behind most Americans.According to the Wall Street Journal, this is interesting, many of the people Barack Obama has appointed to his cabinet are excellent basketball players. Except for Hillary Clinton, who prefers lacrosse or field hockey.In a new interview, Barack Obama says he plans on having a lot of jazz and classical music at the White House. After hearing this, President Bush said, Id better go break the bad news to The Wiggles.Barack Obama is on vacation in Hawaii right now. And today many newspapers carried pictures of a shirtless Obama playing in the ocean. Did you see that? Yeah. So as youre thinking of things to be thankful for this holiday, remember, that could have been a shirtless John McCain.The White House staff has been briefing Barack Obamas team on a series of worst-case scenarios that could face the country after President Bush leaves office. Thats the latest. Yeah. Apparently, the absolute worst case scenario is that Bush doesnt leave office.President-elect Barack Obama said he got a little choked up as he left his house in Chicago and headed for Washington, DC. ... It was especially painful because as soon as he left, Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich sold Obamas house.Earlier today, Barack Obamas daughters started at their new school in Washington, DC. ... Yeah, their teachers are really impressed and said that both girls are already reading well above President Bush level.George Bush Sr. recently said hed like his son Jeb to be president, but that right now is a bad time for him to run. ... When asked what a good time would be, Bush Sr. said, Eight years ago.Yesterday, President-elect Barack Obama described the economy as very sick. ... Historians say it was a childish way to describe a complex problem but still the smartest thing theyve heard a president say in eight years.Congress was sworn in this morning. And USA Today says that the average age of the members makes it the oldest Congress ever. Yeah, which explains why today, they passed three bills and four gallstones.A plastic surgeon here in the United States has rigged his car so that it runs on fat left over from liposuction. ... Thats right, Middle East, a car that runs on fat. Now who has the greatest energy reserves in the world? USA! USA!The Social Security Administration just announced that people can now register for their retirement online, and it only takes 15 minutes. Yeah. Or for senior citizens, an hour and a half.Earlier today, President-elect Barack Obama had lunch at the White House with all the living US presidents. Obama called the meeting an extraordinary gathering. ... In a related story, John McCain had lunch at Quiznos.That is true, though, that President Bush and President-elect Barack Obama had an historic lunch with the three former presidents. Yeah. Of course, Bill Clinton was the only one who brought a date.On Inauguration Day, Barack Obama, this was just announced, is going to be riding in a brand new...presidential limousine made by General Motors. Because, folks, nothing says hope for the future like General Motors.The Washington Post...reports today that Barack Obama wants to appoint CNNs Dr. Sanjay Gupta to be surgeon general. ... Obama said the CNN doctor must be pretty good because hes kept Larry King alive all these years.Now, some political experts were really surprised that Obamas pick for surgeon general is mainly known for talking about health care on television, but apparently Obama got the idea from President Bush, who once tried to appoint the cast of Scrubs.In a speech about the economy, Barack Obama said that Americans will soon be able to go online and see where the bailout money is being spent. ... In response, Americans said, Thanks, but well stick to downloading porn.Now, during his speech, its interesting, Barack Obama said, It will soon be too late to change course if we dont take dramatic action as soon as possible. Its a quote, yeah. And Obama said the same thing about NBCs prime-time lineup.On Inauguration Day, Barack Obama will be riding in a brand new presidential limousine made by General Motors. Yeah, the parade route is five miles long, so GM says Obama should only have to stop for gas twice.Marvel Comics just announced that President-elect Obama is going to be featured in an upcoming edition of Spider-Man. ... When he heard about it, President Bush said, Okay, now Im jealous. He gets to meet Spidey.This is kind of cool. In Washington, the National Gallery announced that it will display a campaign poster of Barack Obama. Yeah. In a related story, a campaign poster of Joe Biden will be displayed at the Hair Club for Men.Three days before his inauguration, Barack Obama is going to retrace Abraham Lincolns route by taking an Amtrak train from Philadelphia to Washington DC. Isnt that cool? Yeah. Yeah, Obama is making the trip three days early, because its Amtrak and even he only has so much hope.Toyotas developing a miniature, environmentally friendly car that is powered entirely by a rechargeable battery. Yeah. Meanwhile, Detroit still hard at work on an SUV that runs on rain forest trees and panda blood.A senator from Ohio is retiring, and there is a rumor that Dennis Kucinich may run for the Senate to replace him. Yeah. If so, Kucinich would be the first guy in history to run for a Senate booster seat.People, I think, are...excited because Barack Obamas inauguration is one week away. ... Some people are worried, though, because 3 million people are expected for the inauguration, but there will only be 5,000 port-a-potties. Thats true. Officials say they would have paid a lot more attention to bladder issues if John McCain had been elected.Hillary Clintons confirmation hearing for secretary of state began today. And...its interesting because when you think about it, by the end of the week, Hillary will be a confirmed secretary of state, and Bill Clinton will be a confirmed bachelor. Shes going to leave town, you see.Today was President Bushs last cabinet meeting. ... At one point, Bush got emotional and said, I never got to find out what HUD means.Last night, Larry King interviewed President Bush, and Bush told him, My favorite color is blue and I love enchiladas. ... Unfortunately, Bush was answering the question, What was your greatest achievement as President?President Bush has been giving Barack Obama a lot of advice. Theyve had a few meetings and hes giving Obama advice. Yeah. President Bush has told Barack Obama that his biggest challenge will be an enemy attack. ... Specifically, Bush told Obama to keep your eye on Hillary.The US Army says that it has managed to increase recruitment by allowing fatter people to enlist. Yeah. As a result, the Army has changed its slogan from Army of one to Army of one who looks like three or four.In less than 12 hours, Barack Obama will be sworn in as the next President. Yeah. Actually, if I were you -- if I were you, I wouldnt cheer. Youd be surprised how much President Bush can screw up in 12 hours. He just launched an attack on the Bahamas, okay?Theyre going nuts in Washington, though. The festivities have already begun. Yesterday, in Washington, Barack Obama was on hand -- did you see this? For performances by Jon Bon Jovi, Garth Brooks and John Mellencamp. Yeah. So, folks, it really is a new era for African-Americans. All the music they love.You know, some people are really angry because the festivities for Barack Obamas inauguration, guess what? Are gonna cost $170 million. Yeah, after hearing about it, Oprah said, Dont worry. This ones on me. She put down her Amex card made of plutonium.Earlier tonight, this is nice, Barack Obama hosted a dinner honoring John McCain. You can tell the dinner was to honor John McCain, because it was over by 4:00 P.M.At Washingtons Union Station, Ikea has built a replica of the Oval Office where all the furnishing have been replaced with Ikea furniture. Yeah, experts say it finally answers the question, What if the President was a 28-year-old divorced guy.Earlier today, this is kind of weird, an illustrator from The Washington Post made a sketch of what Barack Obama might look like after the stress of an eight-year presidency. Unfortunately for Obama, hes gonna look a lot like Grady from Sanford and Son.President Bush is winding things down. Yep, today was President Bushs last full day in office. He called the leaders of Denmark, Italy, Russia and South Korea to say, thank you. Yeah, his exact words were, thank you for being one of the last four countries that will still take my calls.What an historic day, ladies and gentlemen. The whole country was riveted by Barack Obamas inauguration. Two million people were in Washington to watch it, and then everyone else in the country watched it on TV. Yeah, I dont think Americas been this excited since they figured out how to put cheese inside pizza crust.This is a true story. Some people alongside Barack Obamas inaugural parade route got bored waiting for it to start. So, did you see this? They started doing the electric slide. Yeah, apparently, the best way to celebrate our first black president is to do the whitest dance imaginable.All the living ex-presidents attended the swearing-in ceremony. But did you see this? Bill Clinton got the biggest response from the crowd. Did you see that? Yeah. Yeah, apparently, thousands of women yelled, Thats him, officer!Very cold today in Washington. Yeah. In fact, with the wind chill, President Bushs approval rating reached minus 13.Everybody was using superlatives today to talk about this historic day, all the broadcasters. During NBCs coverage, Brian Williams said that the inauguration is like the Super Bowl. Yeah. The only difference is that the New York Jets had a chance to go to the inauguration.Officials at the White House say that President Bush completed his last piece of official business in the Oval Office at 6:00 am this morning. Yep. Bush says it should take Obama weeks to find where he hid the dead fish.Now, people who went to elementary school with Barack Obama say that they remember him as a chubby boy named Barry. Yeah. And folks, even as we speak, those peoples tax returns are being audited.President Obama had a jam-packed Inauguration Day. You all know that, but what you dont know is that outgoing President George W. Bush had many events scheduled, as well, today. Really busy schedule. Lets take a look at Bushs to-do list for his last day in office.Today, millions of people leaving Washington following Tuesdays inauguration. Actually, so many people are trying to leave that all the Amtrak trains are sold out. So, apparently, Barack Obama can work miracles.This morning, Barack Obama entered the Oval Office for the first time as president and he spent ten minutes alone. Yep. Shows you how things have changed. When President Bush spent ten minutes alone in the Oval Office, it was called a time-out.Yesterday, in San Francisco, someone replaced all the street signs on Bush Street with signs that say Obama Street. ... Locals say it doesnt really matter because every street in San Francisco goes both ways.Today, in one of his first official acts as president, Barack Obama had an emergency meeting with his top economic advisors to find out just, you know, what the situation is. And, apparently, it didnt go well, because after the meeting, Obama sold North and South Dakota.Yesterday, when President Bush returned to Texas, people who were there to greet him were holding up signs that said, You made us so proud. ... Afterwards, the people admitted that the store was out of You totally embarrassed us signs.Yesterday, at Barack Obamas inauguration, he was sworn in on an old Bible that was used by Abraham Lincoln. Yeah. Yeah, and the weird part is, Lincoln checked the Bible out of a library. There are $73,000 in late fees.Today was Joe Bidens first full day as vice president. Yeah, advisors say Biden spent most of the day watering his hair.Yesterday, this is weird, vendors along the parade route were selling binoculars that they called Barackulars. Thats true. And even worse, the ShamWow guy was selling ShamWowbamas.This is a big announcement. Warner Brothers announced that it is outsourcing several hundred jobs to India, which explains why in the next Batman movie, the Batmobile is a bus with 400 people hanging off the side.Today -- you probably heard this -- President Obama signed the order to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay. ... And, in the spirit of ending torture, Obama also ended the New Kids on the Block tour.Earlier today, President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton all appeared together at a press conference. But there was an awkward moment when both men realized they were wearing the same suit as Hillary.President Obamas chief of staff has ordered Federal agencies to freeze funding on a lot of projects that President Bush tried to push through in his final days. So for now, the National Scooby-Doo Museum remains a distant dream.Shortly after his inauguration, President Barack Obama spoke on the phone to the Palestinian and Israeli leaders. Yeah, both men started their call by asking Obama, Hey, whats the deal with Aretha Franklins hat?Man, you could not watch television today without seeing Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, who is saying all these crazy things about himself. Blagojevich did all these interviews, and in one of them, he compared himself to Martin Luther King. Yeah, Blagojevich said, I have a dream, and for 100 bucks, Ill tell you about it.Looks like the Obamas have already helped the economy. J. Crew stock has gone up 10%, because First Lady Michelle Obama has been spotted wearing their clothes. Which begs the question, Mr. Obama, how would you feel about wearing a Buick?Aretha Franklin, who sang at the inaugural, says shes not happy with her performance. She says the cold made it hard for her to sing. Yeah. Yeah, Aretha says she also got distracted when a weather satellite crashed into her hat.This news just came out. When President Bush flew home to Texas last week, they apparently showed a video of his greatest accomplishments during the flight. Yeah, word has it the video got them most of the way through take-off.Hillary Clintons replacement in the Senate, Kirsten Gillibrand, showed up to their joint press conference sporting a Hillary hairstyle and a nearly identical pantsuit, which explains why Bill Clinton was heard screaming, Good Lord, theres two of them!Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is everywhere on television. Yesterday, he was interviewed by Geraldo Rivera. They billed it as an interview with the most hated man in America and Rod Blagojevich.Gov. Blagojevich is being criticized because he recently compared his experience to that of Nelson Mandela. That may be a stretch, but at least he got the prison part right.President Obama still has not gotten used to the White House, apparently. This is true. Today, on his way into the Oval Office, he tried to mistakenly open a window that he thought was a door. Thats true. Yeah. White House employees said at first it made them laugh, then a wave of nostalgia washed over them.Big snowstorm has hit the northeast, and President Obama...actually said this. He said that people in Washington cant handle harsh winter weather like people in Chicago. But, to be fair, Chicago is shielded from the snow and ice by the protective dome of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevichs hair.Things are really looking bad for Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich. Political experts are wondering what his future will hold. But on the bright side for Blagojevich, he has been offered a job as the before picture at Supercuts.This week, on CNN, they have been showing a blueprint, all week, of the White House to help viewers visualize the layout of the West Wing. Yeah, when he saw it, former President Bush said, So thats where the bathroom was.According to a new study, theres been an increase in the number of illegal Mexican immigrants living in Canada. Yeah. Yeah, you got the hand it to them. That must be some tunnel.ABC says they will probably cancel the sitcom According to Jim, which means...Barack Obamas message of hope is already working.This weekend, the Republican National Committee elected their first ever African-American chairman. ... His name is Michael Steele, or as hes known in the Republican Party, the black guy.Earlier today, Tom Daschle withdrew his nomination to be the health and human services secretary after it was revealed he didnt pay back taxes. Yeah. So, President Obama says now its down to his second and third choices, Willie Nelson and Wesley Snipes.The other day on the set of CNN, disgraced former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was criticized for using the f-word. Yeah. Yeah, apparently, Blagojevich was talking about his f-ing barber.Sen. John McCain is denying a rumor that his wife Cindy will be a contestant on the upcoming season of Dancing with the Stars. ... When asked why, McCain said, Dance? Are you kidding? Ive never even seen her blink.The producers of this years Academy Awards are worried about the ratings, so they are making several changes to the show to try to increase viewership. For instance, this years broadcast will be called American Idol Presents the Oscars, Hosted by Barack Obama.President Obama has asked the Senate to cut $50 billion from the economic stimulus plan. ... Yeah. Obama says the government will no longer need the $50 billion once everyone in his cabinet pays their back taxes.Now that Tom Daschle has withdrawn his nomination, the White House is thinking of replacing him with the CEO of Safeway supermarkets. Thats true. Yeah, the White House said they should be able to check him out quickly if he has eight items or less.In Massachusetts, the lesbian couple who led the fight to legalize gay marriage has now filed for divorce. Its sad. Yeah. The couple is really upset because they always swore theyd stay together for the sake of the cat.Things are winding down here on the Late Night show. Only ten shows left, including tonight. ... A lot has changed since I started the show. When we came on the air back in 1993, the Federal debt was $4 trillion. Now,  $4 trillion is how much President Obamas Cabinet owes in back taxes.Yesterday, when President Obama -- this is true -- was getting into his helicopter, he accidentally bumped his head on the door. It was in the news, and when he heard about it, President Bush said, See, its complicated, right? Its not so easy. Doors are hard.Today, Barack Obama went to Florida and gave a big speech on the economy. ... Obamas speech was interrupted five times by applause and six times by old people whispering, Is he Cuban?John McCains in the news. This week, Sen. John McCain sent out an e-mail to his supporters announcing that hes running for re-election in 2010. Yeah. Isnt that incredible? John McCain knows how to use e-mail.A new poll of historians just came out. And the poll has named former President George W. Bush one of the ten worst presidents of all time. But on the bright side, Bush was selected second best president named George Bush.This is weird. Yesterday, one of President Obamas top advisors said that choosing cabinet members is not like picking American Idol. Yeah, mainly because the American Idol contestants have paid their taxes.Marvel Comics has come out with a special edition comic book where Spider-Man and Captain America go back in time to watch Abraham Lincoln deliver the Gettysburg Address. Its true. Yeah, so this story finally answers the question, what would happen if Michael Phelps ran Marvel Comics?We have four shows left, including tonight. ... Its weird, I was thinking about it today. When we went on the air in 1993, I had no way of knowing that 16 years later wed have an African-American president. Then again, Barack Obama had no way of knowing that an albino would be taking over The Tonight Show.Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The Tonight Show With Conan OBrien. Thank you. Thank you! I have to admit, I think Ive timed this moment perfectly. Think about it. Im on a last place network, I moved to a state thats bankrupt, and The Tonight Show is sponsored by General Motors.Despite opposition from the public, President Obama says hes determined to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay. ... To make sure Guantanamo Bay closes, Obama said the new warden will be the CEO of General Motors.Joe Bidens busy. Last night in New York City, Vice President Joe Biden gave a speech at a $1,000 a plate fundraising dinner. Yeah. Yeah, and since Biden spoke before dinner, everyones still waiting to eat.President Bush is back in the news. Thats right. In a recent interview, former President Bush said that no longer being president is a, quote, liberating feeling. Yep. Thats what he said, yeah. When asked what hes been doing since leaving the White House, Bush said, Learning the word liberating.Yesterday, Dick Cheney said his lesbian daughter Mary has convinced him to support gay marriage. Pretty cool, yeah. Yeah. Cheney made the announcement after Mary was spotted waterboarding him.This is our third Tonight Show. ... Im learning a lot about Los Angeles. This is cool. When Los Angeles was founded...its original name was El Pueblo de Nuestra Se?ora la Reina de los Angeles del R?o de Porci?ncula. Thats true. ... Luckily for us, that name was changed before Arnold Schwarzenegger moved here.Did everyone see Brian Williams special with President Obama that was on? Yeah? ... Anyway, theres this big NBC News special with Brian Williams, and in the special, President Obama showed Brian Williams what tricks his new puppy, Bo, could do. Isnt that cool? Yeah, in fact, Bo has already learned to sit up and beg for Federal bailout money.Speaking of President Obama, a new book is coming out; hasnt been out yet, I think. But its coming out. And it claims that President Obama and his wife went through a rough patch in their marriage, where their relationship was somewhat frosty. Yeah. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Id kill for somewhat frosty.Tuesday, NBCs news special, Inside the Obama White House, was watched by 9 million people. ... Historians say it was the most revealing look behind the scenes at the White House since Bill Clinton set up a secret webcam.North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-Il, is in the process of deciding who is going to be his successor and the most likely person is his youngest son, Kim Jong-Un. Yeah. Kim Jong-Un says hes excited but realizes hes got some awfully big womens sunglasses to fill. Theyre like the windshield from a Toyota.Rush Limbaugh is in the news. Last week, Rush Limbaugh said that Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor was a racist. But this week, Rush says he may support her. ... Yeah. Limbaugh says that he cant support Sotomayor until hes 100% sure shes a racist.Today is the 20-year anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protest. Yeah, yeah. Or, as the Chinese government refers to it, Nothing Happened Day.Big stuff going on in the world. President Obama gave a big, historic speech yesterday in Egypt. ... President Obama impressed listeners by beginning his speech with the traditional Islamic greeting, As-salaamu alaikum. Yeah, its very cool. Yeah, it was especially impressive because a year ago, President Bush opened with, Shalom, amigos.This morning, Supreme Court nominee Sonya Sotomayor fell and broke her ankle at LaGuardia Airport. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, if shes confirmed, the first case shell hear is Sotomayor vs. LaGuardia Airport.A new report just came out that says President Obama has mentioned Jesus Christ in more speeches than President Bush did. Can you believe that? ... Still, neither has used the phrase Oh God, oh God, more than President Clinton.Yesterday, Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor fell and broke her ankle, and shes expected to be on crutches for several weeks. ... In a related story, Republicans have announced that Sotomayors confirmation hearing will consist of three questions and a timed obstacle course.Today, Chrysler was taken over by Fiat and the new CEO said, this is a quote, Going forward we intend to build on Chryslers culture of innovation. Yeah. Yeah, then he laughed for three straight hours.As you all know, two US reporters have been imprisoned in North Korea, and now, President Obama is considering sending Al Gore to negotiate their release. Yeah. Yeah, and after hearing the Al Gore threat, North Korea gave up the reporters and their nuclear program.This is weird. Former President George H.W. Bush is going to celebrate his 85th birthday by once again going skydiving. Yup. And his son, George W. Bush, is going to celebrate his fathers birthday the way he always does, giving him a Worlds Greatest Dad mug and making him a macaroni necklace.Fiat, which took over Chrysler this week, says it plans to build its cars with American, not Italian workers. ... Fiat says they got the idea from the Olive Garden.A top Republican is angry that Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor belongs to an elite private group. ... The top Republicans angry, and so is everyone at his country club.Yesterday, the controversial Miss California, Carrie Prejean, who famously opposed gay marriage, was stripped of her title. ... Not only that, her chances of becoming Miss San Francisco are really looking slim.Doctors are testing a new kind of obesity reduction surgery, where they send a tube the size of a garden hose down your throat to staple your stomach. ... To help patients feel more at ease about the procedure, the tube is made entirely of Toblerone.Recently, Michael Phelps released a childrens book he wrote called, How to Train with a T. Rex and Win Eight Gold Medals. Then he wrote another book called, How to Make a Bong Out of a Milk Carton.Now, everyone is going to be fine, I want to stress that. But earlier today, the NBC medical director sent out an e-mail saying several NBC employees have been diagnosed with the swine flu. ... Unfortunately, none of those employees have anything to do with Im a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here.Its been reported, I think this just came out today, that 11% of Americans still think that President Obama is a Muslim. ... Apparently, its the same 11% who still think Adam Lambert would be perfect for their daughter.The country of Iran is holding its presidential election with four candidates running. ... Iranians will have to decide which candidate is best prepared to lead them into the 12th century.This is crazy. You probably saw this. Former President George Bush Sr. celebrated his 85th birthday today by skydiving with CNN anchor Robin Meade. ... Fox News reported the story as liberal media pushes old man out of airplane.Tonights the night of the big television digital switchover. ... According to some estimates, when the analog signal is cut off and switched to digital tonight, nearly 1 million people could be left without TV service, which means NBC could lose dozens of viewers.Obviously, ladies and gentlemen, big, big news is from Iran right now. Incredible, three days of riots, street fighting, people setting fire to everything. ... Im not sure who won over there, Ahmadinejad or the Lakers.Joe Biden said something interesting in an interview, just this weekend. Vice President Joe Biden said he still has his eye on the presidency, which is weird since the question was, How do you take your coffee?In a major speech Sunday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the Palestinians to get their own state. ... Unfortunately, the state he offered them is New Jersey.Its been reported Marvel Comics is getting set to bring back Captain America. ... Theyre going to do this as soon as they get a loan from Captain China.Tough times all over. Amusement park company Six Flags is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. ... Experts say its due in large part to their money-losing ride, Chrysler Mountain.Senator John McCain announced today that he bought a hybrid car. ... Apparently, McCain thinks a hybrid car is one that has AM and FM radio.Iran has been really cracking down on foreign journalists. So now, theyre actually preventing reporters from leaving their hotel rooms. ... And this, of course, leaves the journalists with nothing to do but order up sexy movies of women wearing slacks.General Motors has...sold the car company Saab to a European company that only produces about a dozen cars a year. ... General motors said, Its a perfect fit because we only sell a dozen cars a year.People are suspecting that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejads re-election may have been a sham because hes claiming he won by a 2-1 margin. ... Theyre also suspicious of Ahmadinejads claim that hes dating Megan Fox.President Obama hard at work on the healthcare situation. ... His new healthcare bill proposal is so expensive, though, Democrats are looking for ways to trim it back. ... One plan is so drastic, it will only offer coverage for Jon and Kate plus three.A lot of people worried about the situation in Iran now. And I mean everybodys worried. This is a true story. ... Ashton Kutcher is urging the US government not to intervene in the crisis in Iran because he fears that Iran will end up just like Iraq. ... President Obama thanked Kutcher for his advice, said hed get back to him after running it by the Jonas Brothers.The animal rights group PETA is criticizing President Obama after seeing footage of Obama killing a fly. ... Meanwhile, today, a fly buzzing around Joe Biden took its own life.It was reported this week that the National Security Agency illegally hacked into former President Bill Clintons e-mail. ... In their defense, the NSA said, We had no idea that President Clinton was giantwillie69.Of course, the big news, the Iranian government trying very hard now to legitimize their election. Thats the big story in the world right now. Today, Irans supreme leader declared last weeks presidential election an absolute victory. ... Then he went on to congratulate the Clippers on winning the NBA championship.Speaking of basketball, today, President Barack Obama spoke on the phone with Lakers Coach Phil Jackson and with Dan Bylsma, coach of the Stanley Cup-winning Pittsburgh Penguins. ... And in a related story, Joe Biden had a conference call with Tito Jackson and an actual penguin.On Wednesday night, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton broke her elbow. So, yesterday, she worked from home...which explains why Bill Clinton spent the day in the backyard forming the words help me with garden gnomes.China is working with Google to block Chinese computer users from accessing pornographic websites. ... Chinese officials say the exploitation of young, underage women is reprehensible when it takes place outside a factory.Nice vote of confidence for President Obama this weekend. ... John McCain, of all people, said that President Obama has done well during his first few months in office. ... In fact, McCains so proud of Obama, he sent him a card with a five dollar bill inside.More unrest in Iran as the government continues to crack down on protesters. And...to disperse crowds, Iranian police used tear gas, water cannons and the NBC primetime lineup.According to a new report, Ford, General Motors and Chrysler have greatly reduced their number of customer complaints. ... The automakers did this by greatly reducing their number of customers.Today, President Obama signed a bill that prevents tobacco companies from using misleading labels like low tar and light. ... The tobacco companies...said from now on theyll label their low tar cigarettes as less cancerific.Nice vote of confidence for President Obama this weekend. ... John McCain, of all people, said that President Obama has done well during his first few months in office. ... In fact, McCains so proud of Obama, he sent him a card with a five dollar bill inside.More unrest in Iran as the government continues to crack down on protesters. And...to disperse crowds, Iranian police used tear gas, water cannons and the NBC primetime lineup.According to a new report, Ford, General Motors and Chrysler have greatly reduced their number of customer complaints. ... The automakers did this by greatly reducing their number of customers.Today, President Obama signed a bill that prevents tobacco companies from using misleading labels like low tar and light. ... The tobacco companies...said from now on theyll label their low tar cigarettes as less cancerific.The Navy has dispatched a destroyer named the USS John McCain to deal with the North Korean ship that may have illegal weapons. Well, actually, the Navy didnt dispatch the John McCain, it just kind of wandered off on its own.Today the governor of South Carolina, Mark Sanford, whos the head of the Republican Governors Association, held a press conference to reveal he had an affair with a woman from Argentina. ... People were shocked because Republicans traditionally dont do well with Hispanic women.Former Vice President Dick Cheney is in the news. ... Cheney has signed a publishing deal to write his memoirs. ... I dont want to spoil anything, but it ends with him killing Obi-Wan Kenobi.The Transformers sequel came out today. ... One of the Transformers is a Chevrolet. ... Fortunately, it has a sidekick that transforms into a tow truck.Hey, two Columbia University students who major in statistics say the Iranian election was rigged because they found there were too many sevens and not enough fives in the vote total. ... Then the students admitted that they have too many free evenings and not enough girlfriends.Toyota has begun production on a Prius Hearse which they say will be better for the environment than the traditional gas-powered hearse. ... Experts say its the perfect way to tell everyone at your funeral procession, Im judging you from beyond the grave.At a press conference yesterday, in case you dont know, South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford admitted to having a mistress from Argentina. ... Then there was an awkward moment as he waited for someone to give him a high five.Obviously, ladies and gentlemen, a lot of very sad news in the last 24 hours, but it is our job, you know, here at The Tonight Show, to keep things light to try to entertain you, which is why Im particularly thrilled that Governor Sanford of South Carolina is keeping up his end of the bargain.Earlier today, Sanford apologized to his cabinet for having the affair with an Argentinean woman. And in response, his cabinet member said, An apology is not good enough, we want photos.Sources say that 65 General Motors cars were provided for the movie Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen. ... General Motors said theyll be providing even more of their cars for the next one, Transformers 3: Revenge of the Lemons.Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced that theyre going to start serving ice cream sundaes...which explains Krispy Kremes new slogan, Please Die Soon.President Obama right now is in Russia. ... Obama went there because from Russia you can actually see Sarah Palin cleaning out her office in Alaska.That was quite a surprise. Over the weekend, Sarah Palin shocked the country by resigning as governor of Alaska, out of nowhere. Its crazy. ... Republicans arent sure who is going to fill her role in the party, but they are in talks with several of the Real Housewives of New Jersey.What else is going on? South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford returned to work today after spending a holiday weekend in Florida with his wife and children...or as Sanford called the weekend, a total waste of time.Speaking of political sex scandals, theres a rumor that former presidential candidate John Edwards made a sex tape with his mistress. ... Sources say the tape starts off with 45 minutes of John Edwards running his fingers through his own hair.Its an emotional day. A lot of us are still mourning the loss of one of Americas most entertaining figures, who left us all too soon. But dont worry, folks, Sarah Palin will be back. ... Comedians everywhere are praying.Today, in Russia, President Obama delivered a speech to the graduating class of Moscows new economic school. Thats right. The title of his speech was Can We Borrow 4 Trillion Rubles, Please?Yesterday, President Obama met with Russian President Dimitry Medvedev. This morning, he met with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. Then, this afternoon, he met with former President Mikhail Gorbachev. ... At the end of each meeting, Obama would twist the Russian leader at their waist, then the next slightly smaller leader would pop out.General Motors had some good news. General Motors says its struggling to meet demand for its new 2010 Chevrolet Camaro. ... GM said theyre sorry, but both of you are going to have to wait a little longer.In a recent study, the United States was ranked the 114th happiest country in the world. ... Then Sarah Palin stepped down. Now were at 17.Senator John McCain says hes been using Twitter to share his opinions on this years Major League Baseball All-Star Game. ... Apparently, no one has the heart to tell McCain that hes been Twittering on his garage door opener.President Obamas in Italy to attend the G-8 summit, and he praised the Italians for being our great allies. ... He went on to say, Except, of course, for any time weve ever been to war.This is weird. Its been reported that Saddam Husseins gun will be on display in George W. Bushs presidential library. ... Apparently, the gun will be on display right next to the book.Latest rumor in the entertainment industry is that Sarah Palin may be getting her own TV show. ... Experts say it will be perfect for TV viewers who find Paula Abdul too coherent.Today, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she sees no need for a House resolution in praise of Michael Jackson. ... Pelosi added, Isnt it enough that Im slowly starting to look like him?The latest figures show that because of the bad economy, homelessness in the suburbs is increasing. ... So the next time you hear something rustling around in your trash, it could be one of the Real Housewives of New Jersey.This week in Moscow, President Obama and President Medvedev agreed to cut the United States and Russias nuclear stockpiles by a third. ... They also agreed to cut Medvedevs name by a dev. Its going to be Medved.Pizza Hut has announced they are rebranding themselves as The Hut. ... When asked why, a spokesman for Pizza Hut said they are tired of watching customers get winded when saying the full name.I dont know if youre following this, but earlier today, in Vatican City, President Obama had a historic meeting with Pope Benedict XVI. ... Or, as Fox News is reporting it, Obama Caught With Old Man in Dress.Now, you probably saw this today. Many newspapers all around the country featured a picture from Italy, where it appears President Obama is checking out a womans rear end. Did you see that picture? Yeah, which is surprising because usually the only ass Obama has to keep his eye on is Joe Biden.Of course, the Presidents in Africa now. This is a big story. CNNs Anderson Cooper landed an exclusive interview with President Obama in Ghana. ... So now, Obamas challenge will be to somehow pick Anderson Cooper out of a crowd of Africans.Good news for GM today. They emerged from bankruptcy and the newly appointed CEO...said that the company will now build cars that Americans want. ... After hearing this, GM employees said, You can tell this guys new around here.But General Motors announced that they are out of bankruptcy after selling nearly 10,000 Camaros. ... At a press conference, the head of GM said, Thank goodness for coke dealers.Bristol Palins former fianc?, Levi Johnston, told the press that he thinks Sarah Palin stepped down as governor so she could cash in on fame. ... Levi made this accusation while hosting a party in the Hamptons for Tommy Bahama dark rum.Today, the confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor got under way. ... And, of course, people have opinions on both sides. Critics of Judge Sotomayor claim that she has a bias against white people. But this morning, she proved them wrong by showing up at the hearings wearing a Coldplay t-shirt and carrying a yoga mat.President Obama has another nominee in the news. Thats right. President Obamas nominee for surgeon general is a doctor who practices in rural Alabama and still makes house calls. Can you believe that? ... Of course, in Alabama, a house call is when the patients drive their house to you.The US government has issued a warning to builders not to use a Chinese drywall because they say its defective. ... The Chinese government denied this and said, Hey, if theres one thing we know how to build, its a wall.California lawmakers still trying to close the states massive budget deficit, so theyre now talking about saving money by consolidating all the state agencies into different groups. ... By far, the most controversial proposal is for a Department of Education, Firearms and Alcohol.Did you see this, yesterday in Washington? President Obama was in the middle of giving a speech when his teleprompter fell to the floor and shattered. ... Meanwhile, Joe Bidens teleprompter has been treated for exhaustion.Of course, Sonia Sotomayors confirmation hearings are under way. ... Its interesting. Political experts say that if Republican senators attack Sonia Sotomayor too harshly, they could alienate Latino members of their own party. ... This may explain with Republicans opened every question with, As a huge fan of Santana.More details are coming out about Judge Sotomayor. Apparently, shes a big New York Yankee fan. ... This is good news for the Yankees because they really need a strong lefty off the bench.Yesterday, former President Bill Clinton said he supports gay marriage. ... However, Clinton still remains very much strongly opposed to straight marriage.Speaking of former presidents, yesterday, former President George W. Bush released the final list of all the guests who stayed overnight at the White House when he was president. ... The most frequent visitor was someone known as The Wiggles.Sonia Sotomayor...in the news. Shes testifying in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And she has said that she felt out of place attending Princeton. ... Sotomayor says there were so many white males in Princeton, she felt like she was testifying in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee.Yesterday, Democrats in the House introduced a 1,000-page national healthcare plan. ... To make sure at least some people read it, they named it Harry Potter and the Half-Pound Proposal.Nine survivors of shark attacks recently went to Washington, DC, to press the Senate to put new restrictions on shark fishing. ... The Senate met with the leader of the group, Torso Jones.This is weird. In a recent interview, Levi Johnston said that Sarah Palin could never handle the responsibility of being president. ... Then he said, Oh, hell, where did I leave that baby?Ladies and gentlemen, California may have solved its budget problems. ... True story -- a politician in California has proposed a plan that eliminates the states budget deficit by legalizing and taxing the sale of marijuana. ... Its called Proposition Fo Shizzle.Hillary Clintons in the news. Shes recovering very well from her broken elbow. ... They revealed this today in the paper. As part of Hillary Clintons physical therapy for her elbow, several times a day, doctors have her repeatedly squeeze a gelatinous ball. ... Yeah, although it was Hillarys idea to scream, Take that, you son of a bitch!John McCains in the news. CNN reports that Senator John McCain has more than a million followers on Twitter. ... And apparently, every single one of McCains tweets says, The nurse is stealing from me.Earlier today, at her confirmation hearing, Sonia Sotomayor said that judges gather information from everywhere, including Wikipedia...which explains why she kept citing the landmark case Roe v. Wade Boggs.Earlier today, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said he will strike Irans enemies in the face so hard that they will lose their way home. ... Then he told Israel to meet him after school by the flagpole.The other day, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced theyre having a contest to find their most loyal customer. ... As if Krispy Kremes most loyal customer could hide even if he wanted to.Sonia Sotomayors testimony...before the Senate has finally ended. ... Sotomayor said that she had received a gracious and fair hearing. ... Her exact quote was, Thanks a lot, you old honkies. Im outta here. You can kiss my ass.President Obama recently said that the best way to pay for his healthcare plan is to raise taxes on people like him. ... As a result, the government is raising taxes on all half-Kenyan, half-Kansan presidents who were born in Hawaii.Experts say the videogame industry has been dramatically hurt by the economic downturn...which explains the popularity of the new Nintendo game, Wii Job Interview.According to a new poll, 42% of Americans say they would vote for Sarah Palin for president in 2012. They also...said theyd support her decision to step down in 2013.Governor Sanford is still trying to recover from his sex scandal. This is the latest. This weekend, South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford wrote an editorial apologizing for his behavior. ... Im not sure hes sincere, though, because it starts out, Dear Penthouse.Good News for California. This just came out. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has apparently found a way to close the states $26 billion budget shortfall. ... Schwarzenegger says it wont be pretty, but times like this call for a sequel to Jingle All The Way.Seriously, though, this is very good news. You should be happy. Schwarzenegger has found a way to close the states $26 billion budget deficit. Its giant. Now I cant get into all the details, but in short, Fresno is now part of China.Yesterday, to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the moon landing, the three astronauts from Apollo 11 visited the White House. ... Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin were allowed to set foot inside the White House, while Michael Collins was forced to drive around in circles outside.Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that when President Bush was in office, they used to have a meeting once a week via video conference. ... Maliki said the teleconferences always ended the same way, with Bush throwing his joystick down and yelling, This game is boring1Weird story about General Motors. General Motors just announced theyve created ? Im not kidding -- a new line of Cadillac cologne. ... The Cadillac cologne slogan is, Smell like you owe the Federal government $10 billion.Economists say the recession getting so bad, its driving down the prices of many goods. ... In fact, folks, it has gotten so bad, the 99-cent store just changed its name to You know what? Just take it.President Obama was on TV again last night. ... And, you know, its interesting -- political experts are now saying that President Obama is giving so many interviews and appearing on so many television shows that hes starting to dilute his own message...which I think is unfair because I thought Obama was pretty convincing last night on Ice Road Truckers.War of words now...between Hillary Clinton and North Korea. Getting nasty. Earlier this week, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that North Koreans were acting like children. Yesterday, a spokesman for North Korea said Hillary Clinton was acting like a schoolgirl. Now, folks, is it me or is it obvious these two like each other?This is big news. Yesterday, Chicago White Sox, pitcher Mark Buehrle threw a perfect game. ... And afterwards...he had a five-minute phone conversation with President Obama, which was very cool. ... Meanwhile, the losing pitcher got a two-hour phone call from Joe Biden. Thats the punishment. Thats his punishment.Speaking of President Obama, today, President Obama spoke to the Massachusetts police officer who arrested the black Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr. ... And Obama says the conversation went well, but there was an awkward moment when the cop arrested Obama.Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin resigned yesterday, and during her speech, she was heckled. ... Apparently, it was just someone in Russia yelling, Keep it down over there!In her final speech as governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin compared herself to a grizzly bear. ... Her exact words were, I have the public speaking ability of a grizzly bear.To ease tensions, President Obama has invited Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates and the police officer who arrested him to join him for a beer at the White House. ... And if that works out, Obamas going to have Ahmadinejad and Netanyahu over for J?gerbombs.President Obama is hosting a delegation of 150 Chinese officials in Washington. ... Among the questions the Chinese have for the US: Whats your military policy? What is your stance on global warming? And wheres our money?Critics of the Federal stimulus plan say that millions of dollars are being wasted on fixing up bathrooms at our national parks. ... They may be right, because, this week, they turned Old Faithful into a bidet.Some people now are saying, this is true, that former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin wants to host her own TV show. ... The show is going to be called Am I More Coherent Than a Fifth Grader?President Obama, of course, everyone knows, has invited Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates and the police officer who arrested him to the White House for a beer. ... Of course, this could be trouble, because the last time Obama got a few beers in him, he bought General Motors.President Obama held a Q & A session about healthcare reform with senior citizens over the Internet. ... Unfortunately, the senior citizens spent the entire hour typing questions into their microwave ovens.Yesterday at the White House, President Obama took part in an online Q & A session with a group of senior citizens. ... The most common question the seniors asked Obama was, What have you done with Eisenhower?Yesterday, of course, on Fox News...commentator Glenn Beck said that he believes President Obama is a racist. ... Well, to be fair, every time you watch Glenn Beck, it does get a little easier to hate white people.Of course, President Obama has invited Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates and the policeman who arrested him to the White House. Reportedly, Obama is going to serve them Budweiser. ... And in the spirit of racial harmony, Budweiser is changing its nickname from the King of Beers to the Martin Luther King of Beers.They had the big beer summit earlier tonight at the White House. President Obama had a beer with Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates and the policeman who arrested him. ... The meeting got off to a rough start when a neighbor called the police to say Gates was breaking into the White House.Conservatives are criticizing Time magazine because they put President Obama on the cover for the 12th time in the last year. ... Not only that, every week since Obama was elected, hes been on the cover of Black President Magazine.This is true, though. This is Obamas 12th appearance on the cover of Time magazine. And this beats President Bushs record of 11 appearances on the cover of Mad magazine.The schedule for next years Iowa caucuses has been announced. And Jewish voters are upset because the caucus is being held on Saturday, which means they cant attend. ... This could reduce the number of voters in the Iowa caucus by almost two.This week, Fox commenter Glenn Beck said that President Obama has a deep-seated hatred for white people and white culture. Very controversial. ... In the Presidents defense, the White House cited the time Obama had John Tesh over to play Scattergories.Earlier this week -- this is weird, I just found out about this -- Shaquille ONeal stopped by the White House unannounced to see President Obama, but a Secret Service agent turned him away. That really happened. The agent told Shaq to make an appointment and to someday make a free throw.Interesting announcement just came out. Next month, a 95-year-old Crow Indian chief will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. ... When asked about it, the chief said, Great, that should pretty much make up for everything.Last night President Obama, Professor Gates, and Officer Crowley had their beer summit. And the big surprise was they were joined by Vice President Biden. ... The highlight of the evening was when Officer Crowley told Biden, You have the right to remain silent.This is good, though. Last nights meeting went so well, did you hear this? Gates and Crowley planned to meet again. Isnt that nice? ... Apparently, theyll meet the next time Gates tries to get into his own house.The space shuttle landed today. I dont know if you heard about this. This is a weird story. There was a Japanese astronaut on board the space shuttle who says he didnt change his underwear for a month. ... He said hed be still wearing them but the landing was a little scarier than he expected.This is actually a true story. It was in the news today. The latest slang dictionary reports that the word Obama means cool, as in you are so Obama. ... Also gaining popularity: the phrase shut your Biden-hole.First they had a beer at the White House. Well, now, Professor Gates and the cop who arrested him are planning to go to a Red Sox game. ... Its getting to be a bit much. Last night, they went to a piano bar and sang Ebony and Ivory.The man who wrote many of the speeches for President George W. Bush is now working on his memoirs. True story. ... The book will be called Me Do Bad Job.Speaking of Sarah Palin, former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and her husband Todd are denying rumors that theyre getting a divorce. ... When asked about it, Palin said, When have you ever known me to not see something through?President Obama just announced hes considering transferring prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to Michigan. ... The idea is to scare the prisoners into revealing information about terror plots by showing them a bus ticket to Detroit.Its President Obamas 48th birthday. ... The President has asked that in lieu of sending a gift, people just make a donation to his favorite charity, General Motors.But the big news today, and very nice news, is out of North Korea. You probably heard this. Today, former President Bill Clinton met with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il and convinced him to release two American journalists that have been jailed since March. ... Or, as Clinton calls it, another Asian happy ending.Bill Clinton got the two journalists released. This is fantastic news. And then afterwards, Clinton told the hostages, I, too, know what its like to be held captive by an evil tyrant who wears ladies sunglasses. I feel your pain.Yesterday, Senator John McCain announced hes going to vote against... the confirmation of Sonia Sotomayor. ... However, McCain did say he thought she was great in West Side Story.The White House today said that President Obama will not...call Iranian Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to congratulate him on his re-election. ... Even worse for Ahmadinejad, Joe Biden will call.Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is on vacation. And today -- I dont know if you saw this -- he was photographed on horseback without his shirt. ... The photograph wont appear in the newspaper, but it will appear on the cover of Danielle Steeles new novel Iron Fist, Velvet Heart.The United States Postal Service says they might lose... $7 billion this year. ... Apparently, the post office will lose the seven billion when it mails the money to itself.President Clinton flew all the way to North Korea, under the cover of night, to rescue two beautiful women from the clutches of an evil dictator. And whats amazing is thats the exact same alibi he used on Hillary last week.The Pentagons concerned that Facebook could pose a security risk to US military personnel...because apparently, theres no telling what Al Qaeda could do if it knows what a soldiers five favorite romantic comedies are.Newspapers around the country are calling former President Bill Clinton a hero for his role in extracting two female journalists from North Korea. ... As a result, today, Clinton asked to be named secretary of extracting Asian chicks.Earlier today, Sonia Sotomayor was confirmed as the US Supreme Courts first Hispanic justice. ... Or, as Lou Dobbs reported it, Yet another job gone south of the border.The latest polls...show that President Obamas approval ratings have slumped to an all-time low, which explains Obamas new Secret Service code name, NBC.This week the Toyota Corolla became the most traded-in car as part of the Cash for Clunkers program. ... After hearing about it, the CEO of General Motors said, Oh my God, dont tell me Toyota makes even a better clunker than we do.Earlier this week -- this is the best story -- former President Clinton flew back from North Korea on a private jet, accompanied by two beautiful reporters who he rescued from being sent to an all-female prison camp. ... In other words, after years of wasting his time as President, Clinton has finally found his calling. ... Hes never been happier.Today -- this is a huge story -- Mel Martinez, the Senates only Hispanic Republican, announced hes stepping down. ... When asked why, Martinez said, Im sick of the other Republicans asking me the difference between a chalupa and a chimichanga.This is a weird story. Someone recently tried to sell an Xbox that was autographed by Sarah Palin for $1.1 million. ... Unfortunately, the Palin Xbox kept quitting in the middle of every game.On his radio show -- I cant believe he said this -- on his radio show, Rush Limbaugh recently said, Adolf Hitler, like Barack Obama, ruled by dictate. ... So folks, it took a while but Obama has finally won over Rush Limbaugh, apparently.President Obama met with the leaders of Mexico and Canada. ... Obama said hed work with Mexico to solve the immigration problem, and hed work with Canada to solve the Celine Dion problem.No, earlier today, President Obama met with the Mexican president, Felipe Calderon, and they discussed the immigration problem. ... They met at the Mexican presidents home, which, by the way, is now in Los Angeles.Former President Clinton, of course, in the news a lot lately. Yesterday, former President Clinton gave a speech to a group from Haiti, and he urged them not to give up hope. ... Clinton said, Things can start to look bleak, and then, all of the sudden, youre on an airplane with two hot Asian chicks.Now that Sonia Sotomayor has joined the Supreme Court, one third...of the justices are now from New York City. ... This explains why the customary opening of a court session has changed from All rise to Hey, Im judging over here!Yesterday in Africa, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lost her temper at a college student when he asked her a question about her husbands opinion on a certain issue. She got mad. I can understand why she got upset, because the question was, Whos hotter? Megan Fox or Eva Longoria?No, both Clintons, all over the news. While Hillarys in Africa Bill Clintons in Las Vegas celebrating his birthday, which begs the question...why is Bill the one who woke up ten feet from a goat?President Obama says he will not support a healthcare plan where the government gets to decide whether to, quote, pull the plug on Grandma. ... Apparently, Obamas plan calls for the much quicker pillow option.A company in Michigan is trying to make Americans healthier...by sending out ice cream trucks stocked only with fruits and vegetables. ... Its not going so well, because all the trucks have been turned over and burned by angry, fat kids.President Obama has been explaining his healthcare plan now to senior citizens. And yesterday, at a town hall meeting, he promised the crowd that he will not, quote, pull the plug on Grandma. ... Then, there was an awkward moment when Grandpa stood up and booed.According to a new report that just came out, NASA doesnt have enough money to track all the giant asteroids that could crash into Earth. ... NASA says we shouldnt worry though because theyve given the job to Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck.Former Vice President Dick Cheney is working on his memoirs. People say when the book comes out President Bush is not going to be happy. ... Not because the book is critical of Bush, but because its one of those books thats all words.Former President Bill Clinton was recently asked about his wife Hillarys 11-day trip to Africa. And he said, I wish she were home. ... Then he said, By which, I mean, I wish her home was Africa.Speaking of former President Clinton -- have you heard about this? There are two American male hikers and one female hiker imprisoned in Iran. Some people are saying Bill Clinton should go rescue them. ... When asked about the idea, Clinton said, I am one third on it.Tomorrow, President Obama is taking his family to Yellowstone Park, to see Old Faithful. ... Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton returns from overseas to see Old Unfaithful.This is interesting. Just before he went on his trip yesterday, I guess, an 11-year-old boy...interviewed President Obama and the boy asked Obama what to do about bullying. ... In response, Obama said, Shut up, nerd.Its been reported that former Vice President Dick Cheney is hard at work on his memoirs. ... The book will be called The Five People You Meet in Hell.Its official. A paternity test revealed that John Edwards is, in fact, the biological father of his mistress child. ... Experts say they could tell it was Edwards DNA because it kept grooming itself in the microscope.Meteorologists are now saying Hurricane Bill has been downgraded to a tropical depression. ... They say Bill officially hit the depression stage after a surprise run-in with Hurricane Hillary.Speaking of former President Clinton, this is weird. Former President Clinton recently had to clear out of his office for a few days because its infested with bed bugs. ... Experts are calling it the 500th reason President Clinton shouldnt be allowed to have a bed in his office.Speaking of presidents, President Obama vacationing in Marthas Vineyard. ... And in honor of Obamas trip to Marthas Vineyard, a local Mexican restaurant is serving a dish called the Baracko Taco. The owner of the restaurant promises it will make you feel like a ba-rocket has been fired out of your o-bottom.Fox News host Glenn Beck has lost over 30 sponsors since he called...President Obama a racist. And the latest sponsor that he just lost is Clorox bleach. ... Thats amazing. Even a company whose sole purpose is to make things whiter thinks Glenn Beck has gone too far.Well, Cash for Clunkers ended today. ... But theyre coming out with a new Cash for Clunkers program that will give consumers a rebate when they trade in old home appliances. Have you heard that? ... Its great news for anyone who owns a Buick toaster oven.President Obama, I found out about an hour ago, theyre saying, took five books with him on vacation. ... Of course, President Bush took five books on his vacation, but four of them were backup copies of Goodnight Moon.This is weird. North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il recently met with the CEO of Hyundai. ... Apparently, the story is Hyundai wants to build cars in North Korea while Kim wants to use their windshields as sunglasses.The latest rumor is that President Obama is going to have dinner on Marthas Vineyard with Oprah Winfrey. ... Thats right, ladies and gentlemen. The most powerful person in the free world is going to have dinner with President Obama.Theres a big presidential election in Afghanistan. ... And President Hamid Karzais opponent is a man called Abdullah Abdullah. ... Apparently, his campaign slogan is The Abdullah so nice, they named him twice.General Motors has announced its going to be removing its GM Mark of Excellence logo from all GM cars. ... Of course, the GM Mark of Excellence logo doesnt usually have to be removed because after 50 miles, it just falls off.President Obama enjoying himself. Hes having his vacation in Marthas Vineyard all week. So far -- this is what the news says -- so far, hes played tennis, golf; hes gone swimming. Now its rumored he may play a game of bocce ball. Its true. In other words, America is still waiting for its first black president.Speaking of John McCain, he says that people are so angry and concerned about Americas future, that he sees a revolution coming. ... McCain said, I had this exact same feeling in 1776.Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has been a victim of identity theft. ... His credit card company became suspicious when they noticed repeated purchases of large, failing American car companies.Theres a big presidential election in Afghanistan and President Hamid Karzais opponent is a man named Abdullah Abdullah. ... Of course, he usually goes by his middle name, Kevin.Publishers are saying that every time President Obama is seen reading a book on his vacation, sales of that book skyrocket. ... And historians are saying we experienced this before, when President Bush was photographed reading Everybody Poops.California trying very hard to get out of debt. This weekend -- I cant believe this -- the government of California is holding a garage sale to raise money for the state. ... Now, folks, even if you dont really need anything, this may be your only chance to haggle with Governor Schwarzenegger over a $2 spatula. I think it would be worth ? Youve got to take it right now! Its very good! Good for flipping sausages; $1.79. Ill throw in the garden hose. Just take it! Take it now!A lot of new information coming out about the CIA interrogation techniques. Theyre investigating the CIA on interrogation of terror suspects. And it was reported now that CIA torture techniques include making terror suspects wear diapers. ... The CIA calls this technique The Larry King.China has started selling iPhones, but China insists that they be sold with their Wi-Fi function disabled. ... Apparently, theyll disable the iPhone Wi-Fi the same way we do in the US, by using AT&T.Reporters in Washington are saying that President Obamas hair has gotten visibly grayer in the seven months since he took office. ... Amazingly, each of his gray hairs is the result of a black hair and a white hair being brought together by Obama last year.In Afghanistan, a presidential candidate named Abdullah Abdullah says there has been election fraud, and that he deserves to be president. ... Abdullah Abdullah said, Theyre going to hear from my lawyer, Shapiro Shapiro.As of today, same-sex couples may now legally get married in Vermont. ... So finally, finally, after years of waiting, well get to hear these words out of Vermont: I now pronounce you Ben and Jerry.A political group is urging Dick Cheney to run for president in 2012. ... Its a political group known as the Democrats.Of course, the healthcare debate is raging. And yesterday, John McCain spoke to nearly 100 doctors and nurses. ... It wasnt a political meeting. It was McCains annual checkup.It looks like theyre starting to get the wildfires under control. ... Firefighters in the LA area have been working nonstop all week long. ... And this morning -- this is very nice -- this morning, as a reward, Governor Schwarzenegger personally served them breakfast. ... Unfortunately, due to the Californias budget crisis, he was forced to charge them $12.99 each.State Departments conducting a big investigation into a wild party thrown at the US embassy in Afghanistan. ... Of course, in Afghanistan, a wild party is any event where a girl takes her socks off.In an interview, President Obama has said that picking up his dog Bos poop is one of the highlights of his day. ... The interview was published in The Journal of Depressing Metaphors for the State of America.Elmo from Sesame Street is appearing in a new public service announcement informing people about swine flu. ... Doctors warn that if you see a red, furry, high-pitched monster informing you about swine flu, you may already have it.Earlier today, governor Schwarzenegger was touring a neighborhood damaged by the fire, and he found a charred barbell. Did you see that? He did! He found a charred barbell and picked it up, yeah. Yeah, he picked up the barbell, held it to the sky and said, Now its personal!The latest rumor in Washington is that former vice President Dick Cheney may run for president in 2012. Yeah. Yeah, Cheney decided on 2012 because its also his cholesterol level.The two Asian American journalists who were held captive in North Korea and rescued by president Clinton? Well, they have finally written about their ordeals. Thats right, yeah. The two women said, they were frightened, mistreated and violated -- then someone told Clinton to leave them alone.Next Tuesday -- a lot of people talking about this -- President Obama plans to make a televised speech to the nations students during school hours. Many Republicans are planning to keep their kids home from school in protest. As a result, those kids have voted Obama Best President Ever.Some Republicans are saying they want Dick Cheney, thats right, Dick Cheney, to run for president in 2012. ... Of course, you have to remember that when they said this, Cheney was torturing them.This is weird. A new book that is coming out...claims that Osama bin laden is a huge Whitney Houston fan. ... Experts say that helps explain why bin Ladens latest video repeatedly calls for death to Bobby Brown.This is interesting. China has started an educational exchange program thats sending 23 high school students to schools in Detroit. ... Once in Detroit, the students will exchange cultural ideas, social theories and gunfire.Earlier today, President Obama delivered a speech to Americas schoolchildren. And he encouraged them to work hard and study hard. ... Yeah, then he said if that doesnt work, grab the seat next to the Asian kid.Obama said if he could have dinner with anyone in history, he was asked this, he said if he could have dinner with anyone in history he would pick Gandhi. Thats right, yeah. Yeah, yeah, very good answer. Yeah. Yeah, Obama says he picked Gandhi because hed get to eat two entrees.President Obama giving a lot of very important speeches. He gave a speech about healthcare tonight, and yesterday he gave a pep talk to students. ... He told them that in order to succeed they need to work hard and study hard. ... Then...today, former President George W. Bush presented the rebuttal.Floridas Republican governor, Charlie Crist, got a hold of President Obamas speech to students in advance, because everyone was talking about how controversial it might be. He decided there was nothing partisan and he allowed his kids to watch it. ... Of course, like everyone else in Florida, Crists kids are in their late 60s.The University of Wyoming recently announced they are naming an international student center after former Vice President Dick Cheney...because if there are two things that make you think welcome foreigners, its Dick Cheney and Wyoming.At a press conference this week, NASA made a big announcement. They announced that theyve created a magnetic device that can levitate mice. ... NASAs spokesperson said, If you dont let us go to Mars, this is the kind of stupid crap were going to do.Republican Congressman Joe Wilsons apologized for calling President Obama a liar during his speech on healthcare. ... Obama accepted Wilsons apology and then invited him to appear before a death panel.Now, earlier today...President Obama gave another speech about healthcare, this one to a roomful of nurses. ... Still no word on what Bill Clinton was doing there.Yesterday, Florida Senator Mel Martinez, the only Hispanic Republican in the senate, officially stepped down. ... The Republican senator who replaced Martinez thanked him, and then had him deported.Hey, its been reported that North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il has chosen Kim Jon-Un to be his successor, because as you know, North Korean law requires the power to be handed over to the guy listed behind you in the phone book.Today, one of President Obamas advisers called Joe Wilson, the guy who heckled the President, a pimple on the ass of progress. ... Then the adviser stressed that removing a pimple from the ass of progress would be covered by Obamas healthcare plan.Yesterday at the White House, President Obama welcomed the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins. ... When asked if he likes hockey, Obama said, What black man from Hawaii doesnt?Remember those female journalists that were rescued by President Clinton? Well one of the female journalists freed from North Korea said shes surprised, because former President Clinton has repeatedly called to check up on her. ... Even more surprising, the calls are coming from inside her house.Osama bin Laden...has released a new audio recording slamming the President, America, Israel and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. ... Then at the end, when hes really worked up, he yells, And Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time!Of course, you all saw this. This is what Im talking about. Kayne West at the Video Music Awards. Kayne West interrupted Taylor Swifts acceptance speech. And after he did that, after he was done interrupting her, MTV...threw him out of the building. ... So its official. MTV has a lower tolerance for bad behavior than the United States Congress.A lot of rude outbursts lately. ... Kayne West slamming Taylor Swift at the VMAs, Serena Williams screaming at the line judge. Theyve gotten so much attention, Kayne and Serena will be joining Congressmen Joe Wilson on a new show called, Americas Got A-holes.President Obama, of course, hard at work, traveling the country, selling his healthcare plan. Hes going everywhere. This weekend, in Minnesota, President Obama spoke about healthcare reform, and he warned Americans not to be tricked by scare tactics. ... Then someone yelled out, What do you call sending a black man to Minnesota?According to some reports coming out of Washington today, President Obama said Kanye West is a jackass. ... Not since yes, we can has Obama found a slogan so many Americans can get behind.Yesterday in New York, President Obama had lunch with former President Clinton. ... Afterwards, Clinton told Obama, Remember, if Hillary asks, we had lunch and dinner, then I slept over at your place.You know, President Obama is pushing so hard for healthcare, hes going to appear on an unprecedented five shows this Sunday. ... Whats strange is, two of them are Entourage and Family Guy.A new book thats coming out about former President George W. Bush said that Bush once called Barack Obama a cat with no clue. ... Of course that was back when Bushs speeches were written by jazz legend Wynton Marsalis.A group of musicians that includes Khalil Fong, the Scorpions, and Youssou NDour are recording a song in an effort to raise awareness of global warming. ... First, they have to raise awareness about who those musicians are.Kanye West continues to be the big story these days. ... President Obama yesterday created quite a stir, because he apparently called Kanye West a jackass. ... Well, some people are upset with President Obama for calling Kanye a jackass. .... And Joe Biden is furious, because Jackass is his Secret Service codename.In Connecticut -- this is weird -- one of the Republican candidates running for Congress is the former CEO of the WWE wrestling organization....which could be good. Congressmen will be less likely to scream out, You lie! if they could get hit with a folding chair.Yesterday, Jennifer Lopez was at the White House. And she got a private tour of the Oval Office. ... So, for once, the biggest ass at the White House wasnt Joe Biden.Big story. Earlier today, President Obama said that hes dropping President Bushs plan for a missile defense shield. ... Obama is also dropping President Bushs plan to build an elite army of Rock Em Sock Em Robots.The Senate just passed a bill allowing Amtrak passengers to carry guns in their checked luggage. ... However, folks, Greyhound passengers are still not allowed to carry deodorant.Today, what else is going on? Former Vice President Dick Cheney underwent minor surgery on his back. ... The doctor told Cheney its a simple operation, hed be up and having heart surgery in no time.Busy weekend for the President. This Sunday, President Obama is going to appear on five different television shows. ... Even more amazing, on all five shows, he plays the wacky neighbor.At last nights Dallas Cowboys game, President Bush was spotted sitting next to John Madden. Well, actually, a lot of people were spotted sitting next to John Madden. Large man.Speaking of former President Bush, according to a new book thats coming out, former President Bush secretly supports gay marriage. ... Bush said, If Bert and Ernie can make it work, anyone can.Now, theres a new book coming out about former President Clinton. And it claims that...when Boris Yeltsin was visiting, Yeltsin got drunk and was found wandering Pennsylvania Avenue in his underwear looking for pizza. ... The book also claims that when Clinton wanders around in his underwear, hes not looking for pizza.Some unfortunate news about California. ... A new study shows that California has the dirtiest tap water in the country. ... California officials insist that the dirty water is fine as long as you chew it thoroughly.Its been reported that Jerry Springers talk show has suffered a big ratings drop from last year. ... Experts say Springer may have alienated Middle America with his controversial show, My Daughter Eats Healthy and Exercises.Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is coming to New York to address the United Nations, but many restaurants say they wont serve him. ... You can tell which ones because their signs read, No shirt, no shoes, no Holocaust, no service.Earlier today, President Obama spoke at the UN Climate change summit. And he promised to get greenhouse gas emissions back to the level they were at in 1990. ... And just to show you hes serious to get back to 1990 Obama gave the whole speech dressed as Kid from Kid n Play.Chrysler just announced that it will no longer put owners manuals in their cars. ... Not only that, Chrysler has pretty much given up on putting owners in their cars.Todays a big day. The MacArthur Foundation gave out its annual genius awards. ... This years awards went to a journalist, a mental health scientist, and a couple who sold their house three years ago.Moammar Gadhafi was at the UN today. ... He gave a speech that was extremely long. It was rambling and filled with inappropriate comments. ... As soon as Gadhafi finished, Joe Biden came up and said, Teach me, master.When President Obama addressed the UN General Assembly today, Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi applauded for him, but Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad refused to applaud. ... But folks, the big surprise was when Kim Jong-Il started the wave. That was the crazy part.Did you hear what former President Bill Clinton said? In a new book thats coming out, former President Bill Clinton said he had an affair with Monica Lewinsky because he, quote, cracked under pressure. ... When asked what hes doing this weekend, Clinton replied, Cracking under pressure.Folks, today former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin gave a speech in China. ... The topic of her speech was, Are you sure youre not Japan?In a new interview, conservative talk show host Glenn Beck called John McCain a weird progressive, like Teddy Roosevelt. ... In response, McCain said, Thats funny. Thats what Teddy used to call me.While hes in New York for the UN conference, Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi is traveling with an entourage of 50 attractive female bodyguards. ... The guards are there in case Gadhafi gets attacked or in case he wants to make a music video from 1985.Yesterday, President Obama made a big speech. He welcomed the members of the UN General Assembly to New York, and he said, Id like to encourage you to do some shopping while youre here. I think it worked because China immediately bought eight banks, two car companies, and the state of Wyoming.According to The New York Times, Manuel Zelaya, the recently deposed president of Honduras, hes holed up with supporters who dont bathe, eat only rice and beans and one guy who hasnt changed his Che Guevara t-shirt in days. ... So apparently, Manuel Zelaya is holed up in my freshman dorm room.Health officials are now saying that the swine flu could be spread at college keg parties. ... They say if you attend a keg party and come home feeling numb and vomiting profusely, youre probably fine.This week, Chrysler announced its replacing its owners manuals with a DVD. ... In a related story, most Americans have replaced their Chrysler with a Toyota.Well, the Los Angeles City Council has passed a new law that limits people in Los Angeles to one rooster per household. ... Thats what I love about this town. You can have 50 illegal immigrants in the House, just one rooster.Because of a nationwide shortage of ammunition, some Wal-Marts have put a limit on the number of bullets a customer can buy per visit. ... Yeah, which is great because if theres one Wal-Mart customer you want to piss off, its the guy that buys bullets. Thats the one to alienate.Last week -- you might have seen this -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was interviewed by Larry King. ... Ahmadinejad told Larry that Irans nuclear program is only for peaceful uses. And Larry came back with, Whos your favorite Jonas brother? It was a good interview. It was Nick. He likes Nick.President Obama and Oprah Winfrey are going to Copenhagen together...this week to push for Chicago to host the 2016 Olympics. ... The bad news is while theyre gone the countrys going to be run by Joe Biden and Jerry Springer.Ive got a really strange story in the news about al Qaeda. ... According to intelligence reports ? Im not making this up -- the new standard procedure for al Qaeda hiding explosives inside their rectum. ... Either that or theyre playing a cruel practical joke on Ahmed. Are you sure everyones doing this? Yeah, go ahead, go ahead.Sarah Palin just finished writing her memoirs. ... And her publisher says -- this is a quote ? Its her words, her life and its all there in full and fascinating detail. Yeah, then he said, Or so Im told. I wouldnt read this thing if you put a gun in my mouth.President Obama, Michelle Obama, and Oprah Winfrey are all in Denmark lobbying for the 2016 Olympics to be in Chicago. ... Apparently, this is the most black people in Denmark since the 1987 Earth, Wind & Fire tour.Earlier today, the International Olympic Committee decided the 2016 Olympics are not going to be in Chicago. Theyre going to be held in Rio de Janeiro. ... As a result, the 2016 Olympics will be topless.President Obama has banned Federal employees from texting while driving because he says its distracting and could lead to accidents. ... Obama admitted that he was texting behind the wheel when he picked Joe Biden for Vice President.The founder of Cirque du Soleil arrived at the International Space Station today, and hes promised to wear a red clown nose and tickle the other astronauts feet while theyre asleep. ... The astronauts sent out the message, Houston, we have an a-hole.Hey, it was reported today, that for the ninth year in a row, the most popular car color is silver. ... In fact, Chrysler says this year, all three of the cars they sold were silver.President Obama celebrated his 17th wedding anniversary. Isnt that nice? ... The President celebrated by going out for a romantic candlelit dinner with just his wife and Oprah.Hey, speaking of presidents, a former speechwriter to President Bush was quoted as saying that, contrary to what people think, Bush wasnt dumb. ... In fact, as we speak, that quotes being engraved on the wall of the Bush Presidential Library.The cover of Sarah Palins book has been released. And it features a picture of Palin gazing off into the distance deep in thought. ... The photographer said that capturing that one moment was the rewarding 11 hours of his career.This weekend, President Obama is going to speak to the nations largest gay rights group. And members of the group are upset that he hasnt kept his campaign promises to them. ... However, the gay rights group says all will be forgiven if Obama makes his speech shirtless.The founder of Cirque du Soleil is currently onboard the International Space Station. And today, he got all of the other nine astronauts to put on red clown noses. ... Then the astronauts conducted experiments on the loss of dignity in space.Rapper Method Man didnt pay his taxes for three years. Yesterday, he told a judge he forgot to pay, because he was high. .... And the remarkable thing is thats the one excuse the IRS is totally cool with.President Obamas national security adviser just said that Obama is going to overturn the militarys Dont Ask, Dont Tell. ... As a result, the signal for an enemy attack will change from incoming to whats her problem?Theres been some squabbling in the Republican Party. ... In a recent interview, John McCains former campaign manager said that if Sarah Palin is the Republican Partys presidential nominee, the results will be catastrophic...as opposed to when she was the vice presidential nominee and everything went perfectly.The other day at a political fundraiser, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi got to meet actor Robert Redford. And witnesses say she was flirting with him. ... There was an awkward moment when Pelosi winked at Redford and $4,000 worth of Botox squirted out.This weekend, President Obama plans to appoint his Administrations first openly gay ambassador, David Huebner.... Huebner will serve as the US ambassador to Barbra Streisand.Earlier today, the Nobel Prize for economics was awarded to a woman for the first time ever. ... So, congratulations, Michelle Obama.This weekend in Washington, DC, there was a huge gay rights rally. And one of the most popular chants...was, Hey, Obama, let mama marry mama. ... Historians are calling this the best gay rights chant since Hey, Dwight D. Eisenhower, let Mike and Steve share a shower.People still upset that Barack Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize. ... And today...the head of the Nobel Prize Committee defended the decision to give Obama this years peace prize, saying that Obamas already accomplished quite a bit. ... When asked for an example, the committee chairman said, Come on, he won the freaking Nobel Peace Prize.The Nobel committee is saying the reason they gave Obama the peace prize is for reducing tension around the world. ... So, the runners up for this years Nobel Prize were red wine and the Brookstone three speed massaging recliner.A new article just came out. It shows that the phrase used most often by President Obama is, Let me be clear...whereas the phrase used most often by Joe Biden is, Hey, where are you all going?Last night, the White House hosted a tribute to Latin music. ... President Obama wiggled his hips a little on the dance floor...at which point a committee in Sweden immediately awarded him a Latin Grammy.Some of the celebrities at the White House Latin music event included Gloria Estefan, George Lopez, Eva Longoria, and Jose Feliciano. ... Apparently it was much more fun than last years party, which was just President Bush and Dora the Explorer.A top adviser to President Obama says that the most important interactions the President has with Joe Biden happen when no one else is around. ... Obama...says that the best interactions with Biden happen when Biden isnt around.NASA recently announced they have a photograph from the Hubble Telescope that shows two galaxies colliding. ... Then they took a closer look and said, Wait a second. Those galaxies arent colliding. Theyre doing it.Hey, a new poll just came out that shows that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is now more popular than President Obama.... Hillary said shes thrilled....to win a popularity contest a year after it matters.John McCains daughter has come under fire for posting a sexy photo of herself on Twitter. ... McCain is furious. He told his daughter, You should know better. Youre 80 years old.One of the top selling costumes this Halloween is a vampire version of President Obama called Barackula. ... Not so popular, Congressman Barney Frankenstein.California First Lady Maria Shriver has apologized for being caught using her cell phone while driving. ... Unfortunately, she apologized via text while driving a school bus.Yesterday, President Obama was in New Orleans.... A little boy asked President Obama, Why do people hate you? ... Then the little boy turned to Joe Biden and said, I know why people hate you.Liberal activists are accusing President Obama of being too slow to appoint new judges. ... They claim that the only new judges appointed during the presidency are Sonia Sotomayor and Ellen DeGeneres.President Obama is in the news. ... Hes been criticized for only playing sports with other men. Hes been taking some slack for that lately, so yesterday, he played golf with one of his top female advisers...or as Fox News reported it, Obama plays a round with another woman.Anyone here excited about the Yankees-Phillies World Series game? ... Heres the latest. Senator Charles Schumer of New York is betting Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter a case of New York cheesecakes versus a case of Philadelphia cheese steaks. ... So whoever wins the bet will die of a heart attack.Yesterday, former President George W. Bush made his debut as a motivational speaker. ... Afterwards, Bush said, The crowd was so motivated, many of them left halfway through.This is interesting. One of the top selling costumes this Halloween...is a vampire version of President Obama called Barackula. ... Also very popular is the vampire version of former Vice President Dick Cheney, called Dick Cheney.CNNs Lou Dobbs recently had to call the police because someone fired shots at his home. Dobbs said he didnt see or hear the shooter, but described him as Hispanic.President Obama has approved a new plan to pay members of the Taliban to switch sides and support the United States. ... Apparently hes promised them 72 virgins and full dental coverage.In a new interview, President Obama admitted that he has had, quote, some bumps in his marriage. ... After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Bumps, I would kill for bumps.Some bad news for Sarah Palin. ... According to a recent survey, when asked, seven out of 10 people said Sarah Palin is not qualified to be president. ... Even worse, the question was, Are you happy with your long distance service?This is a really weird story. Political experts say that when former President Clinton traveled to North Korea recently, he may have met with an actor playing Kim Jong-Il, instead of the real guy. Its true. On the bright side, at least now we know what happened to Margaret Cho.This weekend for Halloween, President Obama wore chinos, a white button down shirt and a crew neck sweater. Yeah. Apparently, Obama went as the whitest president in the history of the United States.Yesterday, the country of Kosovo unveiled an 11-foot tall statue of former President Clinton. Yeah. Thats right. The Clinton statue is so life-like, its already been slapped 12 times.Yesterday was election day and the people of New Jersey elected a new governor. Thats right. Yeah, and I dont know how he did it, but congratulations to newly elected New Jersey Governor, Hamid Karzai.Theres a new book thats coming out about Sarah Palin. And the book contains a copy of the speech she would have given if John McCain had won and she had became vice president. Yeah. The speech is entitled, Uh-oh.During a speech, President Obama embarrassed his daughter, Malia. Did you hear about this? Embarrassed his daughter Malia by revealing that she recently got a 73 on a science test. Yeah, yeah, then Malia embarrassed him by asking him how the governors races in Virginia and New Jersey turned out.During the middle of his show, Fox News commentator Glenn Beck was rushed to the hospital for an attack of appendicitis. Yeah. Apparently, Beck was crying and screaming incoherently, so his audience assumed everything was normal.The senior citizen group, AARP endorsed the Democrats health care bill. Senior citizens endorsed it. Yes. Yeah, yeah, a spokesperson for the senior citizens group said, We cant wait until this bill is signed by President Harry Truman.Yesterday at the White House, President Obama met with Native American tribal leaders and they gave Obama the Indian name He Who Cares. Isnt that nice? ... Then they gave Vice President Joe Biden the Indian name Big Chief Running Mouth.First Lady Michelle Obama appears on Sesame Street to celebrate the shows 40th anniversary. Its going to be a big episode. Yes, sources say the episode gets a little tense when Ernie and Bert ask the First Lady why her husbands dragging his feet on gay marriage.Glenn Beck had an emergency appendectomy, but hell be back on the air tomorrow. Thats right. However, for his first day back, doctors are warning Blenn to take it easy and only compare Obama to Hitler three times an hour.Former President Bill Clinton talked to Senate Democrats about the healthcare bill. And he told them not to make the same mistakes he and Hillary did. Thats what he said, yeah. As a result, the senators all went home and got a divorce.The other day in Wisconsin, Sarah Palin gave a speech, and the crowd was searched to make sure there were no cameras. Thats right. Yeah, according to experts, Palin subscribes to the primitive belief that cameras will steal her crazy.The AMA is urging the Federal Government not to classify marijuana as a dangerous drug and do more research. Thats what they said. Its a big story, yeah. Yeah, that request came not only from the AMA but also from KFC.President Obama is traveling to Asia this week. Hell be making a trip to China. While hes there, Obama plans to visit the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, and Americas money.President Obama has begun his historic trip to Asia. Excited about that. Very good. Next week, when President Obama is in China, hes going to hold a meeting where he takes questions from Chinese citizens. Isnt that cool? Yeah. Yeah. Their first question for Obama is expected to be, why would anyone have two daughters?Oh, Fox News made a big announcement, they announced that they are not interested, not interested in hiring outspoken anti-immigration anchor Lou Dobbs. ... Also, also, not interested in hiring Lou Dobbs, the band Los Lobos.Chryslers in the news. Chrysler is recalling more than 100,000 vehicles because of a faulty warning system. Thats right, yeah. Apparently, its a system that warns you youre about to buy a Chrysler, and tells you you shouldnt do that.In her new book, Sarah Palin claims that before John McCain chose her as his running mate, his campaign spent $50,000 on a background check. Yeah. When he heard this, John McCain said, we should have spent $75,000.President Obama was in Japan. Some people are upset that Obama bowed to the Japanese emperor. ... Its still better than when former President Bush high-fived the emperor and said, Give me some skin, Mr. Miyagi.Sarah Palin is everywhere right now. Have you noticed that? This week, Sarah Palin is going to appear on Oprah, Good Morning America, ABC World News, Nightline, Sean Hannity, and 20/20. ... During all her appearances, Palin will talk about how the media wont leave her alone.The other day, Sarah Palin said shed like to have coffee with Hillary Clinton. Now, Hillary is saying she looks forward to it. ... The two have agreed to meet at the Never Will Be President Cafe.The President of the United States is in China tonight. This is big. The Chinese president entertained President Obama by having a military band play I Just Called To Say I Love You and We Are The World. ... What I want to know is how did the Chinese president get hold of my college record collection?This is a big deal, though. Chinese President Hu Jintao had dinner with President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ... Experts say that the relations between the two remain icy but that Obama and Jintao get along great.Now, some critics are saying President Obama made a faux pas in greeting the emperor of Japan because Obama did the traditional bow but mixed in a handshake. ... And to make matters worse, Obama then tried to get out of that with an awkward end of a blind date half hug.In her new book, Going Rogue, Sarah Palin says she doesnt like vegetarians. ... Palin says all vegetarians should go back to Vegetaria, where they came from.In Sarah Palins new book, she says when she first laid eyes on her future husband, she said out loud, Thank you, God,...which is the same thing the Democrats said when they first laid eyes on Sarah Palin.Earlier today, President Obama took a tour of the Great Wall of China. He said it was, quote, magical...as opposed to two years ago, when former President Bush stood at the exact same spot and said, Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!Former Vice President Dick Cheney is in the news. ... Cheney slammed President Obama for bowing before the emperor of Japan. ... Cheney said, Come on, its not like hes the CEO of Exxon.Today in Congress -- this is big -- 91-year-old Senator Robert Byrd...set a record for the longest time served in congressional history. ... During his time in office, Byrd has passed over 800 bills and 600 kidney stones.Its been announced that President Obamas first state dinner at the White House is going to be held in honor of the prime minister of India. ... Guests are encouraged to wear black tie and to bring any laptops with tech problems.President Obama has lifted his ban on doing interviews with Fox News. ... Well, yesterday, President Obama was interviewed by a reporter from Fox News. Yeah. And you could tell the reporter was from Fox News because the first question was, How do you think youre doing as president on a scale from minus one to minus ten?Hey, President Obama was in South Korea today, discussing what to do about Irans nuclear ambitions. And he said he plans to, quote, indicate our seriousness to Iran. ... Obama plans to indicate our seriousness by having our next message to Iran read aloud by James Earl Jones.Earlier this week -- this is crazy -- the countrys first marijuana cafe opened up, which not only sells medical marijuana, but also has a restaurant where customers can eat. ... In a related story, the recession is over.Hey, Kelloggs announced that due to a problem at the factory this year, theres going to be a nationwide shortage of Eggo waffles. ... The terror alert has been raised to orange.According to a new poll, more Americans would like to have Thanksgiving dinner with Hillary Clinton than with Sarah Palin. ... Mainly because no one wants to eat elk pie. With caribou syrup on it.Its been reported that CNN got so tired of Lou Dobbs focus on immigration issues that they paid him $8 million to leave. Yeah, and just to rub it in, they gave it to him in pesos.AOL is in the news. AOL has announced that theyre going to lay off one-third of their employees. Yeah. On the bright side, its AOL, so theyre going to do it slowly and with frequent interruptions.The ratings just came in for Sarah Palins appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show. It earned Oprah her highest ratings since the episode where she reunited the Osmond family. ... Yeah, viewers who saw both episodes say Palins more likable but that Donny and Marie are more qualified to be president.Tonight at the White House, President Obama is hosting...his first state dinner. ... And its for the prime minister of India. And to make the prime minister feel welcome, the menu will include curry, chutney and other Indian foods. ... And, to make everyone else feel welcome, the dessert will be Tums, Mylanta and Imodium AD.Now, some Republicans are angry that Senator John McCain was not invited to the state dinner. ... In response, the White House said, Of course we didnt invite John McCain. The dinner was at 8:00 at night.But earlier today at the White House, President Obama spent two hours in private talks with the prime minister of India, talking about all kinds of stuff. ... President Obama explained his willingness to work on trade issues, and the Indian prime minister explained how to block Internet pop-ups.This Friday, the official Christmas tree was delivered to the White House. ... Unfortunately, the Secret Service had already let in three other trees that claimed they were on the list.Of course...youve been hearing about them, the couple who crashed the White House state dinner. They were supposed to be on Larry King Live tonight, but they canceled their appearance. ... Apparently, they didnt feel right showing up to a place where they were actually invited.Theres a new childrens book thats coming out that features Sarah Palin as a hero. ... I dont want to give away the ending, but we finally find out who shot Bambis mother.A top Iranian official says Iran had no intention of building new nuclear facilities until they were recently criticized by the UN. ... Its all a part of the countrys official motto, Iran, were 5 years old!The Secret Service just announced that due to that couple crashing the White House state dinner last week, they will change some of their screening policies. ... For example, the password to get into the White House will no longer be, Seriously, they said we could come.Some people are upset about President Obamas primetime speech tonight because it bumped ABCs airing of A Charlie Brown Christmas, or as Fox News reported it, Obama ruins Christmas for a depressed bald kid.Last night, President Obama gave a speech at West Point. ... Right in the middle, they cut to a cadet who was sleeping. .... That cadet was immediately assigned to work security at the next White House state dinner.Last night, Fox commentator Bill OReilly said that President Obamas speech was no Gettysburg address. ... When he heard this, Larry King said, How would you know? I dont remember seeing you there.Time magazine plans to announce its Person of the Year next week. And top contenders include President Obama and Steve Jobs. ... The other top contender? The one guy who still reads Time magazine.This is interesting. A list of this years 15 most commonly used words has been released. And it includes H1N1, deficit, and healthcare. ... Not making the list this year, Chrysler-mania.Its been reported that President Obamas speech on Tuesday about Afghanistan helped give NBC its best ratings in a long time. ... So look out this spring for NBCs new shows, Afghanistans Got Talent, Law & Order: Kabul, and The Tonight Show with Hamid OKarzai.It was a busy night...at the White House last night. ... They had a big party. And during the evening, this is true, President Obama got up and danced with Santa Claus. ... Or as Fox News reported it, Obama dances with old man who makes kids sit on his lap.President Obama. Did you hear about this? He spoke at a town hall last week and a student stood up and asked him if he would consider legalizing drugs to stimulate the economy. ... Unfortunately, the students follow-up question was, Do you ever hear colors?In Iowa, a large group of people waited outside a Sarah Palin book signing to urge her to run for president in 2012. ... The large group of people was known as the Iowa Democratic Party.Yesterday in Minnesota, a man was arrested because he threw two tomatoes at Sarah Palin during a book signing. ... Security immediately arrested the guy and gave him his own show on MSNBC.Rush Limbaugh says black people are depressed because President Obama isnt doing a very good job. ... That proving, once again, that no one has their finger on the pulse of the African-American community like Rush Limbaugh.According to a new poll that just came out, 44% of Americans...wish President Bush were back in office. However...its only 20% if you exclude comedy writers.Senate Democrats proposed a $1.1 trillion spending bill that will provide funding for government agencies, foreign aid, and local construction projects. ... And also, since its so close to Christmas, a pony!Yesterday in Norway, President Obama gave a speech accepting his Nobel Peace Prize and Will Smith was in the crowd. ... Amazing. Yeah, the place was packed with Norwegians and yet somehow Obama was able to spot Will Smith.During an interview last night, Oprah Winfrey asked President Obama what grade he would give himself for his first year in office and he said a B-plus. ... Then, Oprah shook her head and said, I didnt pay for a B-plus.Computer technicians in Washington say they have found 22 million missing emails from President George W. Bushs Administration. ... And you can tell the emails are from the Bush Administration because they all begin, Dear Santa.President Obama says that Congress is very close to getting a new healthcare plan, but due to compromises, it wont include everything that everybody wants. ... For instance, it covers everything except trips to the doctor or the hospital.President Obama has written a personal letter to North Korean dictator Kim Jong- Il, in an effort to improve relations. ... It may not work because the letter starts, Dear Mr. Girly Glasses.Speaking of the holidays, President Obamas daughter Sasha says she already bought her dads gift, but she wont say what it is. She does say its something he likes. That was her quote, yeah. Which begs the question, how did an 8-year-old get her hands on a carton of Marlboro Lights?Did you hear about this? This was crazy. Yesterday, President Obama prank called a Washington radio station. He prank called the radio station, calling himself Barry from D.C. Thats a true story, yeah. Then just to mess him, Obama called Glenn Becks radio show as b. Hussein from Kenya.President Obama took his daughters to see the 3- D version of Avatar. ... There was an awkward moment when one of Obamas daughters leaned over to him and whispered, Now, thats how you spend half a billion dollars.A new poll asked Americans who their ideal next-door neighbor would be. The number one answer was the Obama family...mainly because the Obamas are the kind of neighbors who would lend you a cup of sugar or a trillion dollars.President Obama has appointed a transgender woman to a position in the Department of Commerce. .. You know, in this era of partisan bickering, President Obama deserves a lot of credit for taking a chance on Ann Coulter, I think.Its now been reported that Britain...did pass information on to US authorities about the attempted underwear bomber, but the US disregarded it. ... In part, thats because the British intelligence referred to him as a bloke with boomzy-woomzy in his knickers.Today, President Obama honored more than 80 teachers for excellence in math and science. ... Then he begged them to leave China and come teach here in the United States.Legal experts are saying, if hes convicted, the underwear bomber could be sentenced to life in Federal prison. ... But even worse, for the rest of his life, hell be known as the underwear bomber.Next week, President Obama will visit the auto show in Detroit and look at cars from the Big Three automakers. ... Or, as the Big Three automakers put it, the new owner is coming for a visit.This is weird. Yesterday, a naked jogger was stopped near the White House. ... Secret Service grabbed the man and immediately allowed him to attend a state dinner.Now, some people are really upset because President Obama has decided to redecorate the Oval Office, and he got rid of former President Bushs bust of Winston Churchill. ... When he heard about it, Bush was furious and said, Winston Churchill? I thought that was Higgins from Magnum P.I.President Obama is going to an auto show that will feature all the hot new models from the Big Three automakers. ... No word yet on when he gets back from Japan.Hey, yesterday, former President Clinton stopped by the White House for a meeting with President Obama. ... Then, out of habit, Clinton left by shimmying down the drain pipe.Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is under fire for discussing whether or not President Obama has a negro dialect. ... Reid is also in trouble for saying Joe Lieberman talks all Moses-y.The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, is in the news. Hes still under fire for remarks he made about President Obamas blackness. ... Sources say he could face congressional censure or even worse, be promised The Tonight Show at 11:30.Hosting The Tonight Show has been the fulfillment of a lifelong dream to me. And I want to say to the kids out there watching, you can do anything you want in life...unless Jay Leno wants to do it, too.According to a...new...TV Guide poll, 83% of voters -- 83% -- want me to stay at 11:35. And heres the interesting part. ... When he heard this poll number, President Obama asked, How can I get NBC to screw me over?Its been reported...that an 8-year-old boy from New Jersey is on the governments airport watch list, because he has the same name as a possible terrorist. ... So, its been a really bad week for little Skippy bin Laden.The US State Department has released an updated photo of Osama bin Laden that shows what he might look like after aging a decade. ... And guess what. Somebody got fat!First Lady Michelle Obama said she doesnt let her daughters watch the show Jersey Shore. ... When asked why, the First Lady said, Because I love my children.There was...a big Senate race in Massachusetts yesterday. The winner, Scott brown, made a victory speech where he mentioned his two daughters were available. ... At least this explains his campaign slogan, Scott Brown, creepy for Massachusetts, creepy for America.NBC and I have finally reached a separation agreement. ... Id like to apologize to the guests that were scheduled for next week. President Barack Obama, the pope, the queen of England, and our good friend, Elvis Presley, was stopping by.Just a few hours ago, former President George W. Bush appeared on Oprah. ... When asked about being a leader of the free world, Oprah said, Its not bad.Former President Clinton apparently has a cameo in the new Hangover 2 movie. When asked why Clinton is in the movie, the producer said, There are some things Mike Tyson will not do.While in Thailand, former President Bill Clinton shot a cameo for the movie The Hangover 2. ... When asked what he was doing in Thailand, Bill Clinton got very quiet.The New Oxford Dictionary has declared Sarah Palins made-up word refudiate to be the 2009 word of the year. Yeah, thats true. Palin was honored. Said shell continue to do our best to dismangle the English language.I am Conan OBrien, and as a safety precaution, youre more than welcome to touch my junk. President George W. Bushs new memoir came out this week. It has already sold 800,000 copies. In a related story, the Bush presidential library announced it purchased its first 800,000 books.TSA Chief John Pistole says he and his boss, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano have each personally received the new, more invasive TSA patdown. Its being called the worlds least sexy threesome ever.A California district attorney has vowed to prosecute any TSA agent who touches a passenger inappropriately. Yeah, the DA says, theres a time and a place for inappropriately touching a Californian. Its called an audition.Donald Trump wants to see if people want to see him run for president. So a Website has been launched called, Shouldtrumprun.com. Yeah, the American public has respond with a Website by the name of No.com.Congressional House Democrats have been pushing for $12 billion more for unemployment benefits. They say we must not turn our backs on those who until two weeks ago were House Democrats.Levi Johnston has announced that hes not going to do any more interviews for a while. Yeah, when asked why, he said, Because Ive already used all the words I know.Nobody seems to like these pat down procedures, the new ones, very much at all. ... Over the weekend, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she would not like to go through the pat downs herself. ... After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, I think we all know where Hillary stands on being touched.This is sort of good news for California, I guess. The turkey that President Obama pardons this year will come from California. ... A spokesman for the turkey said it doesnt need a pardon, it needs a job.During a recent interview, Sarah Palin said, Weve got to stand with our North Korean allies. ... Then, Sarah Palin said, Im sorry. I meant East Korea.Over the weekend, President Obama got elbowed during a basketball game and had to receive 12 stitches. Obama says it was almost as embarrassing as the time he was dunked on by Barney Frank.Tonight at the White House, President Obama is going to hold a ceremony for the first night of Hanukkah. And in response, the Republicans said, Its even worse than we thought. Hes a Jewish Muslim.The Federal Deficit Commission is proposing...raising the retirement age to 69. ... In other words, they want Brett Favre to play two more years.In a recent interview, former President George W. Bush said hes a huge fan of his new iPad. Or, as he calls it, his glowing magic window.The Obama Administration recently set aside over 180 million acres of land for polar bears. ... When she heard about it, Sarah Palin said, Todd, get my gun.Today, Iran began holding high level talks about a nuclear program with...major world powers Russia, China, Britain, France, and Oprah. ... She has nukes now.The biggest winner on Black Friday was Costco, which got a 9% increase in sales. ... Kids, I hope youre excited to rush downstairs Christmas morning and tear open a 12-gallon barrel of olives.Earlier tonight, President Obama appeared on the Discovery show MythBusters to test the feasibility of Archimedes legendary solar ray. If that doesnt boost his ratings, nothing will.According to Time magazine, the top tweet of 2010 was written by John McCain. ... Experts say its even more impressive considering that McCain thought he was opening his garage door.Today, President Obama met with a group of CEOs from top companies about creating more jobs for Americans. They told Obama, Well see what we can do, then went back home to China.This is weird. President Obama has appointed...Jon Bon Jovi to a White House council that works to solve community problems. .. He made the decision because he thought it would be fun to say at least once, Get Bon Jovi on it now!Yesterday, the Marine Corps top general suggested allowing gay soldiers on the battlefield would pose a distraction. ... Then he added, Especially the really hot ones.Todays January 11, 2011. ... That makes it 1/11/11, something that only happens once every 100 years. Isnt that cool? When someone told Larry King, he said, This again?MGM Studios just announced that despite their financial trouble...they will be releasing a new James Bond film next year. ... In light of the tough economic times, it will be titled License to Kill and Sell Real Estate on the Side.A prominent scientist has written a book thats urging NASA to send couples into space to study the effects of zero gravity on sex. He also wants to send married couples into space to study the effects of zero sex.Earlier today, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a speech to Arab leaders and she urged them to enact real reform. ... Halfway through the speech, the Arab leaders looked at each other and asked, Why is a woman talking?Speaking of the Middle East, this is crazy: Disney has announced that they will be opening a theme park in Israel. ... To fit in with Israeli sensibilities, its nickname will be changing from the happiest place on Earth, to it could be worse.The Food and Drug Administration ? I like to call them the FDA; a little thing I made up -- announced its going to require the makers of Vicodin and Percocet to reduce their most potent ingredients. The announcement was made by the FDAs medical chief, Dr. Buzzkill.Theres a new website that allows you to do Facebook, Twitter, email, web surf, and read all the news in one place. ... That one place is called work.According to new reports, Facebook is not...popular in Japan because Japanese people are traditionally introverted and private. ... The report was written by someone who has never set foot in a karaoke bar.Actress Winona Ryder said...shes afraid of the Internet and she said, quote, the Googling will lead her to be a member of al Qaeda. ... In a related story, Winona Ryder has become your grandmother.Arnold Schwarzenegger is in the news. Hes been out of office just, what, a couple weeks now, and hes already starting to talk about how relieved he is to be done. In an interview, Arnold Schwarzenegger said being Governor of California cost him at least $200 million in lost movie roles. ... However, most moviegoers say, It was worth it.Earlier tonight, President Obama held a state dinner for the premier of China, Hu Jintao. ... Yes, the world leader with the funny name who grew up in Asia said he enjoyed meeting Jintao.Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is upset. He says he will not be attending tonights state dinner because he considers Hu Jintao a dictator. In response, Hu Jintao said, Youll have the fish, and youll like it!The new Republican-controlled House voted on whether to repeal the healthcare bill. ... If that goes well, theyre going to see what they can do about this whole women voting business.MSNBC abruptly ended its relationship with Keith Olbermann last week. And apparently, there is a provision in his contract that states he is not allowed on television for at least six months. Or as industry experts call it, the Conan.Republicans and Democrats are going to sit together intermingled at tomorrows State of the Union address. ... So if for no other reason, just tune in for the raw sexual tension.A Chicago court just ruled a couple hours ago that former White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel cannot run for mayor of Chicago. ... However, according to Chicago law, he is still perfectly free to purchase the position.President Obama focused his State of the Union speech on how to bring prosperity back to America. ... It basically involves all of us convincing Oprah we are her half sister.Three Supreme Court justices -- Alito, Scalia and Thomas -- did not attend the address. Taking their place was Steven Tyler, Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson. Randy said Obama sounded pitchy, dog.The terrorist group Hezbollah has taken power in Lebanon, and opponents have declared a day of rage, or as it is known in the middle east, Tuesday.Republicans in Congress are pushing President Obama to cut the Federal governments yearly subsidy to Amtrak. .... So far, the most effective way they have suggested to keep Amtrak from getting that money is to send it there on Amtrak.Weve all been watching the goings on in Egypt. ... Incredible protests that have riveted the world. ... And the Egyptian government has responded by shutting down most of the countrys internet. ... Just a word of advice: If you want people to stay at home and do nothing, you should turn the Internet back on.This puts Americans in a tricky place because Americans say they support Egyptian protestors but theyre concerned someone less stable replacing President Mubarak. ... And I think theyve got a point, because right now, the favorite candidate is Mohammed Al Gary Busey.The State Department has told Americans scheduled to fly out to Egypt that they should bring their own food and water to the airport. ... And also bring a plane.Egyptian authorities have reported -- this is the weirdest thing -- multiple people stealing mummies. ... Theyre stealing the mummies so they can drive in the carpool lane.Today, California Governor Jerry Brown ? its so weird saying that. This news is fresh from 1977.Today, Jerry Brown delivered his State of the State address. ... It was not very encouraging. Brown opened the speech by asking, Anyone got a quarter? I need money here.They had a White House Super Bowl party. President Obama served a menu that had food from Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. ... That explains why this morning, President Obama tested positive for diabetes.John Madden sat next to President Bush at the Super Bowl. ... It was a really awkward moment when they were both caught on the kiss cam. I was thrilled they went for it. Thats the only thing can you do in that moment is go for it.Egypt is still a big story. At an event over the weekend, former Vice President Dick Cheney proclaimed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak a good friend. In response, Mubarak said, Thats not helping. Thanks, pal.You know who was having a bit of an off-day today? President Obama. At a press conference, he accidentally swore. You can see it on his new sitcom,  $#*! My President Says.Yesterday in Iran, hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in widespread protest. ... The protests were said to be inspired by Egypt and Justin Bieber getting robbed at the Grammys.I cant believe this is true, but it is being reported that former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is thinking of moving to Los Angeles. ... Of course, because you get him a roommate, you know, hes really hard to evict.Friends of Obama met with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerrg today. Yes, the good news is Zuckerberg said he could create new jobs. The bad news is theyre all in Farmville.Donald Trump is said to be considering a run for the presidency in 2012. He says he has a plan for reducing our deficit: combing the rest of our money over to hide it.Happy Presidents Day. Or, as its being called in the Middle East, Happy Overthrow Your President Day.Everyone wondering right now whats going to happen with Moammar Gadhafi, who may be unseated. Thats what people are kind of hoping for. ... He gave a very defiant speech today. He said people protesting against him are quote, under the influence of hallucination pills. ... In a related story, Charlie Sheen has boarded a plane for Libya.Rahm Emanuel is expected to win todays mayoral election in Chicago. Of course, in keeping with the Chicago tradition, his victory was announced two weeks ago.Today, the US embassy began evacuating all remaining US citizens out of Libya. The operation is called What the hell are you still doing in Libya?A new poll came out. It showed that Donald trump could beat President Obama in upcoming elections. Yes, the poll was taken by the international polling company, Trump Polls International.It was reported today that Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi described President Obama as an African of Muslim decent. Immediately after the speech, Gaddafi was given his own show on Fox News.Gaddafi said something really interesting today. Hes now blaming the unrest in his country on Osama bin Laden. ... When reached for comment, bin Laden said, Sweet Jesus, dont link with me with that nut job.Big story out of Washington. The White House is considering supporting same-sex marriage. ... Experts attribute the change to shifts in popular opinion, recent court changes, and President Obama accidentally catching this weeks episode of Glee.Muammar Gaddafi is constantly entertaining. They call him, quote, disconnected from reality. He thought this years Oscars were fantastic. He didnt see what the problem was. Lots of good laughs.President Obama working hard to jumpstart the economy. The president of AOL recently joined Obamas council of economic competitiveness. He said, Ive got three words that are going to change your life -- dial-up Internet. Thats going to turn this...country around.Now, New Hampshire -- this is weird ? theyre debating a bill that would classify some airport screenings as sexual assault. ... Meanwhile, Californias debating a bill that would classify the screening as doing what you need do to get the part.Bill Clinton has turned down an invitation to appear on 30 Rock. Apparently, hes still mulling over an offer to replace Charlie Sheen on Two and a Half Men.Historic times. Theyre winding down the space shuttle program. Its coming to an end. ... The last Discovery space shuttle mission is currently underway. While in space, the crew received a call...from President Obama, who told them you are not going to believe what is happening with Charlie Sheen down here.Today, President Obama -- this is nice -- attended a parent-teacher conference for his daughter Sasha. ... The teacher says there is room for improvement. ... And then they talked about Sasha.Around Schwarzenegger may be getting back into show business. Hes been offered a role in the sequel to The Terminator. In this one, Schwarzenegger travels back in time to kill the person who suggested he run for governor.Today, residents of Los Angeles are voting on a measure that would allow the city to tax any product sold at a medical marijuana dispensary. If the measure passes, Los Angeles could be financially solvent in 45 minutes.A poll ranked politicians on their attractiveness recently. According to this poll, 300-pound New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was deemed hotter than President Obama. ... The poll was taken in the candy aisle of a Wal-Mart.Donald Trump denies that hes just pretending to talk about running for president in order to generate publicity for his TV show. ... He says that everybody who makes that accusation is clearly an apprentice and clearly deserves to be fired on Thursday at 9:00.Potential Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, who famously cheated on wife number two with wife number three, says that he now prays for Gods forgiveness. He also prays that wife number three doesnt find out about Vanessa.Wal-Mart has announced its going to start selling the iPad 2 this spring. ... Though at Wal-Mart, the iPad 2 will be sold as one of those real fancy cookie sheets.After 60 years of service, the Dalai Lama is stepping down as the political leader of Tibet. ... Apparently, he heard there was an opening at Two and a Half Men.Sarah Palins in Israel. She visited the Wailing Wall. ... There was an awkward moment when she looked at the wall and said, So this is what keeps the Mexicans out?One problem that our military is encountering in Libya is they cant tell pro- and anti-Gaddafi forces apart. So they want the war conducted as shirts versus skins.They just announced the official name of the US military action in Libya is Operation Odyssey Dawn. ... The original title was the much more vague Operation Strippers Name Followed Immediately By Different Strippers Name.In a recent interview, Donald Trump bragged he once screwed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi on a real estate deal. Then he said, You wouldnt believe the piece of crap I unloaded on bin Laden.They announced the initial name of the US military action in Libya. And its called Odyssey Dawn. It is the first military action ever to be named by Crabtree & Evelyn.While touring the Middle East this week, Sarah Palin asked Israelis, Why are you apologizing all the time? They said, Because we told people Tina Fey was coming.During a recent press conference with President Obama, the President of Chile said, I think the First Lady of the US is very good-looking. So now were also at war with Chile.Earlier tonight, as you saw, President Obama gave a nationally televised speech about Libya. The speech was titled No, I Wasnt Born There.People think maybe the days are numbered for Gaddafi. They say things are closing in for him and all these strange stories are coming out about Muammar Gaddafi. This is true ? a doctor once removed fat from Gaddafis belly and injected it into his face. The doctor called the procedure Operation Not Helping.A lot of talk about Donald Trump running for president. ... In an interview today, Donald Trump called George W. Bush the worst president in the history of the United States. ... Then he added, Until, of course, Im elected.Big night last night. President Obama made a big speech about Libya. ... The speech was watched by 25 million people. Thats right. Sad thing is, it would have been watched by 50 million people if he had sung that Friday song.President Obama reportedly scheduled his speech on Libya last night so it would not interfere with Dancing with the Stars. ... So as of now, the Obama policy is hes willing to embroil us in a third war but not willing to interrupt the Karate Kids Macarena. I find that worrisome.Today, possible presidential candidate Donald Trump released his birth certificate. It lists his eyes as blue and his hair as ridiculous.In a new interview that just came out, President Obama said he prays every night before bed. ... Or as Fox News reported it, Obama in Daily Talks with Allah.Today, President Obama gave a speech about finding alternatives to foreign oil and suggested one solution could be more nuclear power. ... Then Obama admitted he doesnt really follow the news.During an appearance on Fox News, Sarah Palin stated we were in a squirmish with Libya. ... After she was corrected, she said, I shouldnt be expected to get everything 100% acurea.Donald Trump said that President Obamas birth certificate could indicate that hes a Muslim. Trump said he doesnt trust anyone with a foreign-sounding name and neither does his daughter, Ivanka.Al Qaeda has a magazine and the spring issue featured Muammar Gaddafi. ... It also had article entitled Death to Cottage Cheese Thighs.President Obama has announced he will run for re-election in 2012. ... Unfortunately, his popularity is so low, hes running on the slogan, Im Michelle Obamas Husband.Speaking of presidents, in a new interview, former First Lady Laura Bush...said, George and I do everything together. ... Then she said, I have to go now. SpongeBob is on.Officials at BP have filed permits to once again drill for oil in the Gulf of Mexico. BP said, It will be easy to find it because most of its now on top of the water.Due to the budget impasse, the Federal government could be shut down by the end of the week. Thats right. There will be another season of Jersey Shore but the US government? Still up in the air.If the government does shut down, it means the national parks will be closed. On the bright side, that means there will not be a sequel to that Yogi Bear movie.If theres a government shutdown, 800,000 Federal workers could get a phone call tomorrow telling them they are non-essential. The same number of people are getting the exact same call from my dad every morning.If the government does shut down, federal meat inspection, may be delayed. ... In other words, Taco Bell will not be affected.The White House just confirmed that President Obama received a letter from Muammar Gaddafi. Officials wont reveal the contents of the letter except for the question, Do you like me? Check no, yes, or maybe.To avoid a shutdown, the government cut $39 billion from the Federal budget. ... The good news -- the first thing to go was The Real Housewives of DC.President Obama, I guess, is starting to confess to some of his anxieties. In a recent interview, President Obama said, I miss being anonymous. ... He said, In the old days, I could blend in with all the other Hawaiian Barack Hussein Obamas.At a news conference today, Hillary Clinton said the ousting of Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo sends a message to other dictators. ... And that message is, If we cant pronounce your name, youre toast. Thats our new policy.The Pentagon made a big announcement. The Pentagon announced openly gay soldiers will begin serving this summer. Some people asked Why this summer? The Army said, Because Glee will be in reruns.According a new CNN poll, potential presidential candidate Donald Trump has nearly doubled his support since March. ... Although technically, all he did was comb his March numbers over his current ones.I couldnt believe this story, but it was reported that Muammar Gaddafi once wrote a childrens book. ... Its called Horton Hears Voices In His Head.Its being reported that Ivory Coast dictator Laurent Gbagbo was driven from power due to concerted military action by the French. No one was more surprised to hear this than the French. Theyve never had this feeling before. Someone run away from us?I think Donald Trump is going to run for president. ... Political experts are saying that NBC should take Celebrity Apprentice off the air because if Trump runs for president, he could use it as an unfair platform. Nothing says future leader of the free world like a guy who cant stop a fight between Meat Loaf and Gary Busey.Theyre saying Donald Trump will make an announcement about his intentions on running for president on the season finale of Celebrity Apprentice. The same night, the cake boss will reveal his plan to overhaul Medicare.Im in a good mood because Donald Trumps still threatening to run for president. ... In an interview for The Today Show, Gary Busey said that Donald Trump would be, quote, an absolutely good president. He said, Trump knows how to stand up to our enemies -- Iran, North Korea, and Meat Loaf.This is weird. NBC executives say if Donald Trump does decide to run for president, they will not renew The Apprentice. ... So some good may come of this.Tonight, President Obama is celebrating Passover with a Passover Seder. After hearing this, Sarah Palin said, Ah-ha! He is a Muslim!President Obama will participate in a town hall meeting hosted by Facebook. ... In other words, just like everyone else in America, Obama will be on Facebook when he should be working.To celebrate the birthday of Kim Jong Il, North Korea held the biggest magic show ever. Thats true. Things got out of control when the magician pulled a rabbit out of the hat and it was eaten by 28 million people.Earlier this week, President Obama released his 2010 tax return. ... It turns out Obama made $1.7 million, and spent $14 trillion. Hes going to lose his MasterCard.Donald Trump said if President Obama released his birth certificate, he will release his tax returns. Well, this morning, President Obama said, I promise not to run for president if Trump releases that thing on his head.Yesterday on The Today Show, Gary Busey said that Donald Trump would make a great president. Experts say Trump needs to get the endorsements of Randy Quaid and Charlie Sheen, and he is set to go.Well, the FAA has suspended an air traffic controller for watching a movie while on the job. When asked why he was watching a movie, the air traffic controller said, I just couldnt sleep.Im happy Donald Trump keeps saying interesting things. Coming up now that Donald Trump once called Ronald Reagan a con man who couldnt deliver the goods. ... Trump also called Abraham Lincoln a bearded moron who couldnt even sit through an hour of theater.Prominent officials are starting to come forward to defend the legitimacy of President Obamas citizenship. They are saying he is a citizen, we have proof. The governor of Hawaii is the latest. He said he met President Obama just days after he was born. He knew it was Obama because he kept pointing to his diaper and calling for change.Sarah Palin has a 61% unfavorable rating in Alaska. ... That number jumps to 100% if you only ask the animals.The Obama Administration plans to give the Libyan rebels $25 million in nonlethal aid. ... The rebels say they cant wait to begin a new offensive armed with super soakers and t-shirt cannons.Today, President Obama was in Los Angeles for a fundraiser. Huge traffic delays were expected all over Los Angeles. ... Tomorrow, President Obama is back on the east coast, and huge traffic delays are expected all over Los Angeles.Today, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson announced his candidacy for the GOP presidential nomination. ... When the other candidates arent generating enough excitement, its time to bring in Gary Johnson.President Obama gave the order for Osama bin Laden to be killed by Navy SEALs. ...When he heard about it, former President Bush was furious, and he said, Wait a minute, I could have used seals?Bin Laden was hiding in a compound with several people, including his personal assistant. ... Apparently, bin Ladens last words were cancel my two oclock.Theyre going to release the Osama bin Laden death photo. Theyre doing so on a set of limited edition commemorative plates. ... I would take it on a mouse pad.On his radio show yesterday, Rush Limbaugh declared, Thank God for President Obama. In other words, ladies and gentlemen, the apocalypse has begun. Thats one of the signs. That and then locusts.At the time of his death, Osama bin Laden was found to have sewn the equivalent of $740 into his clothing. ... Experts say his next plan was to launch a major attack, or rent a one-bedroom apartment in Chicago.Marijuana plants have been found near the compound of Osama bin Laden, which may explain why his last word was dude.Its been revealed that the Navy SEALs who killed Osama bin Laden were accompanied by a bomb-sniffing, armor-wearing, German shepherd. The dog said the mission was okay, but he was really hoping bin Laden had a cat.There was a Republican presidential debate tonight. ... And among those taking part...was Tim Pawlenty, Tim Santorum and Herman Cain. They answered What would you do about the economy? and Who the hell are you?Whats going on? In a recent interview about the killing of Osama bin Laden, former Vice President Dick Cheney, Dick Cheney said that he gives President Obama high marks. Yeah. And he said, Trust me, I know how hard it is to shoot someone in the face.According to new reports, Osama bin Laden would often sit around his compound watching old videos of himself. Yeah. Even stranger was that he would do so while listening to Green Days Time of Your Life.Another Republican is about to announce he is running for President ... Newt Gingrich is about to announce. ... Some people say Newt Gingrich may have trouble winning over traditional values voters because he has had three marriages. So as a result, the campaign has announced a new slogan, Newt Gingrich, so committed to marriage, he cant stop doing it.Things are dicey with Pakistan. ... Heres the latest. Today the White House described the relationship between the US and Pakistan as complicated. In fact, its so complicated the US just sent our ambassador to get some of our CDs and some of our t-shirts back.Authorities believe that Osama Bin Laden fathered between 20 and 26 children. Yeah, even more astonishing, he named them all George Foreman Jr.Yall heard about Arnold Schwarzenegger and Mariah Shriver. ... Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver have split up after 25 years of marriage. It will require a mediator, an arbitrator and a translator.A school that Donald Trump started is being sued for fraud. Yeah, apparently, its a barber college.Yesterday, Donald Trump insisted that he is not racist because one time an African-American won The Apprentice. Yeah, yeah. Because nothing says not racist like making a black man run your errands. Nothing. Nothing.Some good news for President Obama. Its about time somebody got good news. President Obamas approval rating has hit 60; its highest in two years. Thats s way, way up. Experts say at this rate he can count on re-election if he kills Osama bin Laden two more times in the next 12 months. Thats the new plan, keep killing him.I dont know if you heard this, its been reported Al Qaeda has not yet picked a new leader to run their terrorist organization. Yeah. Apparently, candidates keep losing interest after asking, So what happened to the last guy?Its true though, Al Qaeda has not picked a new leader yet. They havent picked one. They narrowed it down to Meatloaf and Lil John.Still more facts coming out about the raid. It seems they release a new fact about the raid on bin Ladens compound every day and they will continue to do that for about six more years. But senior officials are now saying in addition to Team Six, there was also a team of lawyers standing by in case bin Laden was captured alive. Yeah. This team goes by the much less exciting code name, Team Weissberg, Melman and Pratt. Im sorry, I like the image of three guys with briefcases running out of a helicopter...Is Donald Trump still running for President? I hope so. Oh, God. I hope so. When youre in my line of work, thats the greatest thing that can happen to you. In a new interview they just gave Donald Trump said he uses Head & Shoulders on his hair. As a result, Head & Shoulders is suing Donald Trump for slander.Sarah Palins daughter Bristol announced she recently had corrective surgery on her mouth. Yeah, the procedure is being called the right surgery on the wrong Palin.Donald Trump said hes not running for president. ... This is devastating news for Trumps supporters, all of whom, by the way, are late-night comedians. This ruins my life!In the last couple of days, both Mike Huckabee and Donald Trump announced they are not running for president. Huckabees announcement opens the door for Michele Bachman and Rick Santorum, and Donald Trumps announcement opens the door for Randy Quaid and Gary Busey. Look for them to be running soon.A lot going on with the campaign already. Last week, Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul...came out for the legalization of heroin and prostitution. ... Unfortunately, not in enough time to be cast as Charlie Sheens replacement on Two and a Half Men.Details coming out still about the bin Laden raid. ... After President Obama...called former President George W. Bush to explain how he ordered a Navy SEAL team to take out bin Laden, Bush reportedly said, Good call. ... Bushs exact words were, Good call, but I still would have sent Batman.You know that President Obama met with SEAL Team Six, right, after they took out Osama Bin Laden? Here is the latest. The President didnt ask which one of them shot bin Laden. ... The President said he just assumed it was the guy wearing the t-shirt that said, Guess what? I shot bin Laden!Donald Trump not running for President. Whats he up to now? On this weeks Celebrity Apprentice, Donald Trump asked Meatloaf to teach him to cry. Meatloaf made Trump cry by saying Youre on a TV show with Meatloaf.The presidential race is getting exciting though. Ron Paul announced hes running for President. And get this; he supports the legalization of prostitution and heroin. Now, I know he doesnt have much of a chance but if he does win, one hell a victory party.Little tidbits keep coming out about the Osama Bin Laden raid. Which makes me crazy because Ive mentioned this. But they release one little nugget of information a day. Just to keep -- have you noticed that? They keep stringing us along with He was wearing a wax mustache. You know? Did we tell you he was eating fat free yogurt? We dont care. Doesnt matter. Well the latest document seized at Osama Bin Ladens compound reveals that Bin Laden wanted to attack and punish Hollywood. True story. Yeah. The document is a screenplay Bin Laden wrote entitled Yogi Bear Two, the wrath of Boo-Boo.Ive got to mention this, President Obama, you all heard this, is traveling through Europe. Today he was in Ireland. Hes in Ireland, yeah. While hes there, Obamas Secret Service code name is the Black Guy Whos in Ireland.Legal experts speculate that Schwarzenegger may have to give Maria Shriver up to $100 million in a divorce. Yeah. $100 million. Then when asked for comments, Arnold said, But I have families to support. Come on.The United States government has finally decided that no one, I repeat, no one, is getting the $25 million reward for the killing of Osama Bin Laden. Yeah. The problem is, nobody wants to be the one to break the news to SEAL Team Six. Fellows, how are you? Thank you once again. Right? You all got your iPad certificates?Its been reported that Newt Gingrich once had a $500,000 debt with the jewelry store, Tiffanys. Yeah. In Newts defense, he was buying jewelry for nine women.Republican Tim Pawlenty launched his campaign today with a pledge to Tell Americans the truth, which explains his slogan, Tim Pawlenty for President, Im not going to win.Huge story, this is a bombshell. Indiana governor Mitch Daniels has announced he will not run for President in 2012. Daniels reached the decision after early polling determined that even he didnt know who Mitch Daniels was.Last night at a Texas Rangers game, did you hear about this, former President George W. Bush, he almost got hit with a foul ball. Almost got hit, yeah. Bush vowed revenge on the batter but you know Obamas going to be the one to actually get him.Photographs have surfaced of North Koreas president Kim Jong Il visiting China. But the Chinese government declined to confirm that he was there. Experts say it could be Kim Jong Il but it could be any number of poorly dressed lesbians.New documentary coming out about Sarah Palin. And its called The Undefeated. Yeah, actually the full title is Undefeated: Unless You Count the 2008 Presidential Election, Which Is The Only National Race In Which Shes Ever Run. Thats the whole title and that was too long a punch line.Hey, its been reported that the US was able to find and kill Osama Bin Laden because of a tip from one of his wives. Did you hear that? Apparently one of his wives, yeah. When she saw pictures of her husbands body she went, Now who cant drive the car, huh?The big story seems to be Congressman Anthony Wiener. I love his name. ... Today he held a press conference. And -- yeah. He admitted that he sent the lewd photo himself, ok. Thats what he admitted, yeah. He sent the lewd photo himself. And a reporter asked him, What were you thinking? And things got awkward when the Congressman looked at his crotch and said, Well, answer the man! You got us both in this mess.There are other stories. Today, I dont know if you know this, if youre history buffs, today is the 67th anniversary of D-Day. The day the Allies landed at Normandy Beach during World War II. Yeah. Or as Sarah Palin calls it, the day the Nazis fought the Vikings.More great facts are coming out about Weinergate. When youre in my business, and you get to say Weinergate, its the greatest thing in the world. A lot of new facts coming out. One of the women that Congressman Weiner was sexting turns out to be a porn star. Did you know that? He was sexting a porn star. When asked how it was possible to get involved with someone in such a sleazy business the porn star said, I dont know.Prince William and his wife, Kate, have posted an ad for a housekeeper. Yeah. When Arnold Schwarzenegger heard this he said, So it looks like they do want to start a family.Hey, its been reported that the Chinese economy has showed signs of slowing down. Yeah. Experts say that that is what happens when your work force starts to enter its teens.Congressman Weiner is calling Democratic supporters, former Democratic supporters begging for, you know saying, I need your support. Congressman Anthony Weiner reportedly called and apologized to Bill Clinton for the entire scandal. Did you hear that? He called Bill Clinton and Clinton said, Tell me everything, and I mean everything. He did call President Clinton to apologize and when Bill suggested he call Hillary, Weiner said, Dont worry, I just sent her a text.Big news, President Obama proclaimed June to be lesbian-gay bisexual and transgender pride month. They waited until June because thats when Glee is in reruns.Fifty-one percent of New York voters said Congressman Weiner should keep his seat. The other 49% say he should disinfect it.Yeah. Congressman Weiners apartment, this is true, which has been up for sale has been taken off the market. Apparently potential buyers became suspicious of what he meant by full southern exposure.TMZ published a nearly nude photo of Congressman Wiener which was taken in the congressional gym. Newt Gingrich was shocked and said, Theres a congressional gym?Newt Gingrich is having his own problems. Most of Newt Gingrichs campaign staff all quit on the same day, and some people are blaming newts third wife. When asked about it, Newt said, Dont worry. Ill win them back with my fourth wife.Big Republican debate tonight. Are you excited about that? Well add applause later. Tonights GOP debate will be the first to feature Mitt Romney. ... Experts are predicting kind of a big fight between Romney and his biggest ideological opponent, Mitt Romney from four years ago. Those guys dont agree on anything.According to a new study, male politicians run for office to be somebody, while female politicians run so they can do something. Isnt that interesting? Yeah, there you go. This study has a margin of error of plus or minus Sarah Palin.The Republican debate was last night. During the GOP debate ... Mitt Romney interrupted the proceedings to announce the hockey score. This can only mean one thing Mitt Romney has already written off the black vote. Its not happening.During last nights presidential debate candidate Herman Cain was asked if he liked deep dish or thin crust pizza. Newt Gingrich interrupted by saying, Wait theres pizza? Hes heavy. Michelle Bachman playfully slapped Newt Gingrich on the wrist. In a related story, Newt Gingrich left his third wife for Michelle Bachman.President Obama, did you hear what he said? He said today that he would be ok with being a one-term President. He said that, yeah. And with that Obama carefully aimed an iPhone, got in his pants and pressed send.Now this is a little awkward. Congressman Weiners wife returned today from a diplomatic trip to Ethiopia. She has been in Ethiopia when this happened. She was tired of people in Ethiopia saying to her, I feel so sorry for you.Did you hear this? Representative Michele Bachmann once said that gay people lead a very sad life. In other words, she has never celebrated Halloween in San Francisco.A new study shows that only 35% of fourth graders know the purpose of the Declaration of Independence. Yeah, crazy. When Sarah Palin heard this, she said, Well, how are they supposed to know about something that happened 20 years ago?A Tea Party group is running a summer camp for kids. Yeah. Its the only camp where the kids sit around the bonfire and hear scary stories about taxing the richest 2%.You know the big news today, Congressman Weiner resigned. You heard about that, right? He resigned. Its sort of a good news/bad news thing. The good news is Congressman Weiner resigned. The bad news, he made the announcement shirtless over Skype.You all see the big Republican debate the other night? Ok then. According to a poll, over 50% of viewers thought Mitt Romney won this weeks presidential debate. They thought Mitt Romney won, yeah. Romney credits the win to his grasp of the issues and the good people at Mattel, who built him.Fathers Day coming up and according to a new study, American fathers are spending twice as much time with their children as they used to in years past. Isnt that nice? I thought so, yeah. Experts say its due to a sweeping new trend called unemployment.According to The Washington Post, rebels in Libya like to smoke hash before they fight. All I can say is, if the hash youre smoking wants to make you fight, you might need a new dealer.Texas Governor Rick Perry says that if he runs for President, hes ready to fight accusations that hes gay. He says any man who so much asks him if hes gay is going get a good, hard pinch in the butt.John McCains at the center of a big controversy. John McCain says he is puzzled by the backlash to his comment that illegal immigrants are the reason for the Arizona wildfires. He then said, Of course Im also puzzled by the defrost option on my microwave.Today Sarah Palin ended her bus tour, reportedly canceling events in Iowa, South Carolina and New Hampshire. Yeah. When asked why Palin said it turns out those places are nowhere near each other.The campaign is really heating up, though. Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich bragged about his third wifes accomplishments by saying she plays the French horn. Yeah. Things got awkward when he added If you know what I mean. I dont know what he means.Texas Governor Rick Perry urges his supporters to follow him on Tweeter. Tweeter. Yeah. After hearing about it, John McCain laughed and said, What an idiot. Its the Tweeter.Jon Huntsman, hes a new guy to talk about. Hes got these weird campaign ads. His new campaign ad says Hes not in it for the balloons. Yeah. After hearing this, George W. Bush said the balloons are the best part.Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum once said, I have no problem with homosexuality. I have a problem with homosexual acts. In other words, Santorum has sewn-up the crucial gay people who dont have gay sex vote.Yesterday Sarah Palin said that she read Bristol Palins new book and she found it shocking. Yeah. When asked what was shocking, Palin said, The fact that I read a book.The Supreme Court has ruled that makers of generic drugs cannot be sued for inadequate labeling on their products. Yeah, they cant be sued if you put inadequate labels on. In fact, all they have to say is this will do something to your cholesterol level and/or penis.MSNBC suspended one of their commentators for calling President Obama a dick. Yeah. Meanwhile, Fox News suspended one of their commentators for not calling President Obama a dick. Totally worked out.Speaking of politics, an audio clip from five years ago has been released of Michele Bachmann predicting the end of the world. Now, actually her exact words were Im going to run for President in 2012.At the Phoenix Airport, a woman is being accused of groping a TSA agent. Yeah. The woman was taken into custody and immediately hired by the TSA.Meteorologists say temperatures may reach 100 degrees in Washington, DC. Of course, Republicans have vowed not to let it go above 96 degrees.A panel of medical experts has recommended that health insurance companies provide free birth control to all their clients. Yeah, the recommendation has been hailed as historic by womens groups and 10 years too late by Maria Shriver.Presidential candidate Rick Santorum says he has a Google problem because when you Google his name he says it brings up an obscene term. Tim Pawlenty also has a problem. He said when you Google his name it says no results found.Yesterday the Senate held hearings on gay marriage. And one Senator who supporting gay rights actually quoted Abraham Lincoln. He said Lincoln would have been friendly to gays because he had a beard and lived his last moments in the theater.Now, this is the latest because Republicans wont agree on President Obamas proposal on raising debt ceiling, the President may have to cancel his 50th birthday party. Yeah, so its worse than we thought. Republicans wont even let Obama raise his age.Experts say that because of the debt ceiling debate, Americas credit rating could be seriously ruined. This is true, yeah. On the bright side, though, the American government was just approved for a Discover Card, isnt that great? USA! USA! USA!According to a new poll that just came out, less than half of Americans know that Mitt Romney is a Mormon. Yeah. In fact, some of his wives dont even know.Sarah Palins documentary The Undefeated, will soon be available On Demand. Yeah. Its part of On Demands new service called Not Remotely in Demand. You can click on and see it.Bristol Palin accused Michele Bachmann of dressing like her mom. Then she accused Michele Bachmanns husband of dressing like her mom.President Obama said that compromise has become a dirty word. Then he told Republicans to go compromise themselves. It was good. No, the US government is one week away now, one week away from running out of money to pay its bills. So basically our nation has become Nicolas Cage.Everyones weighing in on what to do. Donald Trump says he has the solution. Donald Trump said the GOP should let the US default in order to prevent President Obamas re-election. Trump said, Trust me on this, I go bankrupt all the time.Yesterday 300-pound governor Chris Christie stated hes not going run for President. He liked the President part but not the running part.Its a week now and we dont know if were going to pay our bills or not. We dont know whats going to happen. No one here seems to care. Its getting crazy. The US government now has -- I think its less than one week away from running out of money to pay its bills. That is official. Things are so bad, folks, America may have to move in with Canada for a while. Lets go over there at 4:00 in the morning. We got kicked out. We didnt pay our bills.Yesterday at a fundraising dinner in Virginia, Mitt Romney said one of the people he would consider as his running mate is 300-pound New Jersey governor Chris Christie. After hearing about it Chris Christie said its great but tell me more about the dinner.The US government is just a few days from running out of money to pay its bills. Unbelievable. Congress latest plan is to see how much cash they can get for John McCain on Antiques Road Show. I dont know. He is not going to like being turned upside down to find his mark.President Obamas birthday is this week. Did you know that? Its the Presidents birthday. He said what he wants for his birthday is a deal on the national debt. Thats what he wants, yeah. In a related story, Michelle Obama is at the Apple store trying to buy a $4 trillion iTunes gift card.It looks like there is a tentative deal to actually settle the debt ceiling. Isnt that nice? They actually have a tentative deal. The details, the deal reached by President Obama and congressional leaders would raise the debt ceiling until the year 2013. Thats the big news. Yeah. And wait a minute. Here is the best part. It prevents another Smurfs movie until the year 2014.Nancy Pelosi had said John Boehner had gone over to the dark side, which for Boehner means he fell asleep in the tanning booth.Democratic Congressman Cleaver called the debt ceiling bill a sugar-coated Satan sandwich, to which a spokesman for Dennys replied, Hey, dont drag our new sandwich into this. Its a good sandwich.Looks like our debt crisis is over. I was tired of that. Yep, today the President signed the debt ceiling bill into law, thats the big story. Yep. Democrats hate it. Republicans hate it. So I guess it cant be that bad.President Obama was relieved. He said now he can get back to the serious issue of whether or not I was born in this country. Finally, something that we can talk about.I have to talk about this, some drama in Washington yesterday. Did you hear what happened? Yeah, yesterday a man jumped the White House fence. Did you hear that? Yeah, but after a brief chase, Secret Service was able to talk President Obama into coming back and continuing his term. He was mad. I wouldnt blame him for running away at this point.Its been a very tough week for President Obama. A new poll shows that President Obama is losing support among voters in Florida. Losing support there. Yeah. Which explains why this morning the President announced that he sent SEAL Team Six out to get Casey Anthony.In the upcoming 2012 election, political analysts are now saying that Oprah Winfrey can help deliver President Obama the white working class female vote. Yeah. Analysts also say Dr. Phil can help deliver the crucial fake doctor vote.Mitt Romney has joined Rick Santorum in signing the marriage pledge, which opposing gay marriage. Then while signing, something magical happened between the two of them. Now theyre spending the weekend together.You know the big story, the stock market dropped 600 points because Standard & Poors downgraded our rating from AAA to AA. On the bright side, Pat Sajak is willing to sell us another A for $2 trillion.After yesterdays 600-point drop, the stock market fell, and then got back up again six times today. Isnt that amazing? Basically, the stock market is acting like me after three appletinis. Actually, two appletinis. Just the smell of an appletini. A cough drop. I am gone. That Vicks vapor rub just put me over.The next Presidential campaign seems to be well under way. New reports say President Obamas re-election team is going to try to portray Republican frontrunner Mitt Romney as weird. Thats right. They will also try portraying Michele Bachmann as Michele Bachmann. Newsweek magazine is taking heat for calling her the Queen of Rage. When asked for comment, Michele said, Theres only one raging queen in my household and its not me.2012 Presidential election well underway. People are already fighting. The other day Republican Presidential candidate Rick Santorum accused Texas governor Rick Perry on being soft on gay marriage. In response Perry said, So you would rather I be hard on gay marriage?With the crazy stock market in flux, the price of gold has shot up to almost $2,000. In other words, Flava-Flavs mouth is now a millionaire and about to retire.Today, this is interesting, Republican Presidential candidate John Huntsman announced that he has secured the endorsement of Jeb Bush, Jr., the son of the brother of former President Bush. Yeah, analysts say that Huntsman has all about sewn up the guys you didnt even know existed vote.Tough, tough week for Barack Obama. Theyre saying its the toughest week of his presidency so far. And some analysts think that President Obama has been making many of the same mistakes that President Bush made. In response Obama said Thats ridiculous. Now if youll excuse me, Spongebob is on.Even though hes not officially in the race 15% of Republicans and Independents are leaning towards supporting Rick Perry. Yeah, half of Perrys supporters like his conservative values. The other half think hes the lead singer from Journey.Newsweek magazine has stirred up controversy this week with their cover photo of Michele Bachmann. People are saying the photo makes Bachmann appear crazy. Theres the photo. I dont know why people think it makes her look crazy ... Well, yesterday, Newsweek was trying to defend itself. Newsweek published some outtakes from the photo shoot. They published some of the other photos because they wanted to demonstrate that Michele Bachmann always looks kind of intense and crazy in her photos. The first one is her praying. This one is her intensely greeting a voter. Here she is putting on lipstick. Here she is handing out campaign literature. And finally, this is her eating road kill, which we found particularly yeah, I didnt like it. I was against it.Hey, big Iowa Straw Poll over the weekend ... Michele Bachmann took first place in the Iowa Straw Poll. She said she hasnt been this excited since she won the Whos Crazier Than Sarah Palin Contest.Governor Rick Perry has entered the race. It is being reported in his early days in the Texas state legislature, Rick Perry used to wear his jeans so tight that his nickname, and Im not making this up, was Crotch. I dont know about you but number 77 on my bucket list is the President of the United States named Crotch. Wouldnt that be amazing? Ladies and gentlemen, President Crotch. Then wed get respect in the globe, because the Chinese wouldnt say Crotch, we need that money. They wouldnt. Yes, they would.Republican Congressman Phil Hinkle who voted to ban gay marriage was caught propositioning a male prostitute. He said, Well, I wasnt going to marry him.Recently, Texas governor Rick Perry distanced himself from George W. Bush by saying, I went to Texas A&M, he went to Yale. Thats what he said, in other words, Rick Perrys idea of instilling confidence is to say, Dont worry, Im not as smart as George W. Bush.The candidates are already making mistakes. While on the campaign trail, Mitt Romney, who I thought was programmed not to make mistakes; Mitt Romney accidentally said he was in Iowa while he was giving a speech in New Hampshire. Yeah. Afterwards, Romney apologized and said, I momentarily mixed up my sea of white people.You know who else made a mistake? Michele Bachmann made a mistake. Today, Michele Bachmann wished Elvis Presley a happy birthday even though today is the anniversary of his death. Thats true. When told about the mistake, Bachmann said, My apologies not only to Elvis, but the entire Costello family.The White House sent Vice President Joe Biden to China today. So now we owe them a trillion dollars and an apology.President Obama on a big bus tour the last couple of days in the Midwest and hes talking about jobs. Hes talking about making jobs in America. Apparently it came out today, the bus hes riding was made in Canada. ... If he was a real American, that bus would have been made in China.Speaking of President Obama, in a speech today he said the housing market may not pick up again for another year or longer. Yeah. On the bright side, President Obama now has nine people interested in his house.Michele Bachmann is in the news. She said that when shes President, gas prices will come down to less than $2 a gallon. When asked how shell make that happen, Bachmann said shell hunt down the CEO of Exxon and stare at him.Standard & Poors, the credit agency, they just downgraded the credit rating of the city of Los Angeles from AAA to AA. Unbelievable, yeah. When told this alarming news, the people of LA said, So, its 70 degrees and we can legally buy pot. Whats the problem?Stock market plunged today. The price of gold is at a record high. The price of gold is so high, today an angry mob looted Mr. T.Some people are very unhappy that during this crisis that the President is going on vacation. Hes in Marthas Vineyard, I believe. The CEO of Starbucks said that President Obama shouldnt be vacationing during a crisis. He said Obama should be getting Americans back to work so they can afford a $9 cup of coffee. ... The White House is getting defensive about this. The White House is pointing out that all Presidents take vacations. Teddy Roosevelt took trips to Long Island. Harry Truman would go to Key West and George Bush would go to Lego Land.Remember Joe Lieberman? Joe Lieberman has written a very revealing memoir. In his new memoir, Senator Lieberman talks about why having sex with his wife, Hadassah, on the Sabbath, is so important to him. Its there in the chapter called, You Might Want To Skip This, Its Disgusting.One of President Obamas speech writers quit his job so he could pursue his life-long dream of writing comedy. Yeah. So now hes a speech writer for Michele Bachmann.Speaking of Michele Bachmann, she said she would eliminate the Department of Education because it is not written into the original Constitution. Then she retracted the statement when someone told her, also not written in the original Constitution, the right for a woman to run for President. So, its one of those things thats tricky.The Republican presidential candidates are having a debate today at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. It was going to be the George W. Bush Library but they couldnt fit all eight candidates into the bouncy house. It deflates.People are now saying that Texas Governor Rick Perry is really tough because he has executed over 200 people. Yeah. And that was just while he was on vacation in Florida one week.President Obama in the news, President Obama has moved his big speech on the economy tomorrow to just before the NFL season opener. Yeah, now as a sign of how bad the economy is, the NFL had to borrow the quarter for the coin toss from China.In Iowa this weekend Sarah Palin ran a half marathon and came in second place. Yeah. Of course, no one saw her do it because she refused to tell anyone she was running.The oil industry said if they could drill more, they could get a million new jobs. Of course, most of those jobs would be cleaning oil off ducks.Rick Perry said something interesting. He said he understands healthcare because his wife is a nurse. He also said he understands terrorism because he watched all eight seasons of 24.During the debate ultraconservative Rick Santorum said I am the son of an Italian immigrant. Immediately after making the comment, Santorum had his dad deported.In his jobs plan President Obama described himself as an eternal optimist. Isnt that nice? Yeah. He then explained, Im the kinds of person who sees the country as half employed.Last week in Michigan a man wearing a President Obama mask robbed a bank. Either that, or President Obama has an exciting new plan to reduce the deficit. Wouldnt that be great? Where did this money come from? Dont ask me where I got this money. He takes it from one bank and gives it to another.Big Republican debate tonight. Earlier today former Minnesota Governor, Tim Pawlenty, endorsed Mitt Romney, calling him a bedrock conservative. After hearing this, John McCain said, Hey, I grew up in Bedrock. I do not remember seeing the man.Rick Perry has launched right into the lead, way ahead of everyone else. Now were finding out different facts about him. Its been reported that Rick Perry met his wife when they were in elementary school. Isnt that sweet? Actually at the time there was another boy who liked her, too, but nine year-old Rick Perry had him executed.Big CNN debate last night. ... You know, last night they tried to make it more interesting. You noticed that? CNN gave the candidates each a nickname they put up on screen. Michele Bachmann was The Firebrand. Rick Perry was The Newcomer. Newt Gingrich was the guy who ate all the snacks in the green room.Everyone talks about this, it was a very weird moment at last nights GOP debate. Some Tea Party members cheered at the idea of a sick uninsured person being left to die. Now in fairness, the person was one of the moms from Toddlers & Tiaras.Rick Perry had a great quote. ... When asked what he would bring to the White House, Rick Perry said The most beautiful, and thoughtful First Lady the nation has ever seen. Yeah. Then he handed a rose to Wolf Blitzer.President Obamas re-election campaign has launched a new contest where contributors can win a chance to have dinner with the President. Yeah. Or if you come in second a mid-afternoon hot pocket with Joe Biden.You know who else is having a contest? Mitt Romney. His campaign is offering people a chance to win a day with Mitt Romney. Its called vote for Mitt Romney or else youll have to spend a day with Mitt Romney.Yesterday on The View, Dick Cheney was on and he said he doesnt have a problem with gay marriage. Then he brought up Donald Rumsfeld and made a very special announcement. Theyre honeymooning in an undisclosed location.Another Sarah Palin documentary is coming out. ... The man who made the documentary Biggie and Tupac has released a new film about Sarah Palin. Apparently Palin documentary is similar to the Biggie and Tupac documentary, with more guns this time.Tomorrow, the US military will formally end its policy of Dont Ask/Dont Tell. And Wednesday, the Air Force paratroopers begins Operation Its Raining Men.This is big news President Obama has proposed a new tax increase called the Buffett Rule. Have you heard about this? At first Newt Gingrich was for it, because he thought it was the buffet rule.Michelle Obama has convinced the owners of the Olive Garden to cut calories by 20%. Yeah. And they took the First Ladys advice, because Michelle Obama is more Italian than anybody who works at the Olive Garden.This is a historic day in our country. We should talk about this. It is official, ladies and gentlemen, as of today, Dont Ask, Dont Tell, is no longer in effect. Now, for our military personnel, just a reminder, Glee comes on at 2100 hours.Now gays can openly serve in the military. Thats right. Id like to advise our enemies around the world to put down their arms because we will slap a bitch. We will do it.Dont know if you heard this, but today, former President Bill Clinton revealed that he turned down an invitation to join Dancing with the Stars. Clinton said he wants to keep himself available for The Bachelorette.In a new survey that just came out, one in five Americans believes that God steers the economy. So mystery solved, God is Chinese.Do you know what the Tea Party is up to now? The Tea Party is forming its own debt super committee. A super committee on debt thats going to meet this week at a Florida Dennys. Yeah, trust me; you do not want to be the waiter who has to add the tax to their check. Im sorry, its mixed in. A Socialist! Socialist!A lot of drama at the UN Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was giving a speech at the United Nations. A lot of delegates stood up and walked out in protest. Which is actually a shame because they walked out just before Ahmadinejad really went off on Netflix.Yesterday President Obama welcomed back the two hikers who had been held captive in Iran. Theyre back. We welcome them. The Presidents exact words were, Great. Two more Americans that need jobs.The Presidents busy. Hes visiting the hometown of House Speaker John Boehner. Yeah, Obama plans to give a speech. Then visit the tanning bed that Boehner grew up in.The Tea Party has been busy. The Tea Party has formed a debt super committee thats going to meet this week at a Florida Dennys. It will be the first time in history someone from Dennys has expressed an interest in trimming fat.The Presidents been here. Yesterday in Los Angeles, President Obama was heckled by someone who shouted Dont forget medical marijuana. Yeah. So far the Secret Service has narrowed its list of suspects to everyone in Los Angeles.President Obama keeping busy. He has invited the 1985 Chicago bears to the White House. He asked them to bring a 1985 game ball, 1985 uniforms and 1985 economy.Marcus Bachmann wrote an open letter to conservatives describing his wife as rock solid. Probably not helping because he then wrote, Rock solid as Taylor Lautners yummy abs.A recent study shows that a typical voting machine can be hacked by anyone with an eighth grade science education. So the good news is, nobody in America will be hacking our voting machines.The Obama campaign is trying everything they can to get the voters back. Theyre offering a chance to win a dinner with President Obama for $3. His campaign slogan: Hey, Im cheaper than Arbys.This is weird. I dont know if you heard this. In a speech yesterday, Michele Bachmann told students that its ok to settle for cake batter if a local yogurt shop is out of cookies and cream. Yeah, it was in response to the question, Can you give us a food-based metaphor that explains your marriage?Another Republican debate tonight. I know yall will be watching. Ok, then. During a recent interview Herman Cain says he wants people to know that there is more between his ears beside pepperoni and pizza sauce. He also said there was some crazy bread.And Tim Pawlenty said he regrets quitting the race as early as he did. He said when he runs again in 2016, his campaign slogan will say Tim Pawlenty: This time Ill quit later.Earlier today Sarah Palin gave a speech in South Korea. Yeah, just what the Koreans needed, two crazy dictators in fashionable womens glasses.Telemundo is going to make history. It will host its first ever Republican presidential debate. Yeah. This could be nice. The Republican candidates will take questions from journalists and then have them deported.Ok. Everyones talking about Herman Cain. Thats the true part. Havent gotten to the joke yet. Former Godfathers Pizza CEO Herman Cain said its was a sign that he should run for President when after a surgery his scar was in the shape of the letter J for Jesus. When asked for comment, Jesus said, Actually the J is for Just stick to making pizza.Occupy Wall Streets been getting a lot of attention. And its been reported that it has now raised more than $300,000. Which means, which means technically now they have to protest themselves.President Obama is on the road, hes having some difficulties. Yesterday his teleprompter was stolen. His teleprompter that he reads for speeches was stolen. Police are on the lookout for a thief thats eloquent and spreading a message of hope.Yesterday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made an unannounced visit to Libya. When told the news, Bill Clinton said theres nothing more terrifying than Hillarys unannounced visits. [As Bill Clinton] Oh, my God. I feel for you, Moammar. Im sorry, Moammar. Im sorry.Another Republican debate this evening. Im just going to feed off your enthusiasm now. The Republican candidates debated in Las Vegas tonight. Yeah. Michele Bachmann said she hadnt been to Vegas since her husband Marcus did a show there with white tigers.KFC has just introduced the new cheesy bacon bowl. Get this, which is filled with mash potatoes, cheese, gravy, chicken and bacon. Yeah, the bowl sells for $3.99 containing 700 calories and is now the Republican frontrunner for President. Yes. USA, USA! I think most of us would vote for that for President.Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is dead. Thats the big story. Huge. Even more shocking, did you hear this? He was killed by an escaped tiger from Ohio. No one saw that coming.Herman Cain said that he has the greatest admiration for Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich. So that was nice. The former pizza executive said he respects Mitt Romney as a businessman and Newt Gingrich as a customer.Of course, a lot of news about Moammar Gadhafi. Towards the end, The New York Times reports that Moammar Gadhafi spent his last days hovering between defiance and delusion, surviving on rice and pasta. Yeah. In other words, Gadhafi spent his last days as a sophomore in college.Now, this is the craziest story, but outs true. Its been found that a sitcom from the 1980s accurately guessed the year of Gadhafis death. Yeah. So now the only question is who tipped off Mr. Belvedere?A bank in Washington was robbed by two men in George W. Bush masks. Yeah. Luckily right afterwards two guys in Obama masks came and bailed the bank out, so everything is fine.Speaking of President Obama, President Obama was back in Los Angeles today, where he will appear on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Obama is appearing with Jay Leno to highlight the one job that was saved during his Administration.Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich said that next month theyre going to take part in a series of Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas style debates. The only similarity to the Lincoln-Douglas debates is that no one will watch them on television.Michele Bachmanns campaign is in trouble. The five staffers who quit her campaign said they did so because she treated them like second-class citizens. However Bachmann said, Thats not true. At no time did I treat them like gays or Latinos.Rick Perry is now talking a lot. In a new interview he said it was a mistake for him to participate in the presidential debates. Yeah. Perry said. Im not one of those word talkers.Michele Bachmann said she wants her three daughters to learn to shoot a gun. Yeah, mostly so they can put her campaign out of its misery.A lot has changed in this town since we left about two and a half years ago. Thats right. Gay marriage is now legal in New York. I will be honest with you. If that would have been the case a few years ago, Andy and I would never have left. We wouldnt have married those icky girls either.Herman Cain is having to respond to claims that he once sexually harassed women. Did you hear that? Apparently a German woman kept telling him Nein, nein, nein!Hey, good news for the President. Check it out, president Obama just had a physical exam. He had it today and his doctor said Obama is physically active, eats a healthy diet and stays at a healthy weight. Yeah. So now Im starting to doubt whether Obama was born in this country.Herman Cains fourth female accuser held a news conference today where she claimed Herman Cain offered her a job in exchange for sexual favors. Now say what you want about the guy. At least he has a plan to put people back to work.Over the weekend Herman Cain told reporters, this is a quote, When people get on the Cain train, they dont get off. After hearing this, everyone in America sued Herman Cain for sexual harassment.It is Tuesday. That means another woman has come forward to accuse Herman Cain of sexual harassment. Its one a day now. Every day, a new woman comes forward. Mitt Romney is weighing in. He called the sexual harassment charges against Republican frontrunner Herman Cain disturbing. He said, And by disturbing, I mean awesome. Then he high-fived Herman Cain.Heres a weird fact, according to a new poll that just came out, 42% percent of Americans say they are uncomfortable with the idea of having a Mormon President; 42%. When asked why, the people said. Because were still getting used to having a Muslim President.Ron Pauls campaign is upset because during last weeks Republican presidential debate, he only got to speak for 89 seconds. Yeah, meanwhile, Rick Perrys campaign is upset because during last weeks debate, he got to speak.The big story, Occupy protestors were ordered to leave Zucotti Park. ... Police reported that anyone who enters with a large backpack, they would not be allowed to enter Zucotti Park. And in a related incident, Dora the Explorer was arrested.Occupy Wall Street is in the news. Tomorrow, Occupy Wall Street protesters are planning to occupy the subway in New York City. Because if there is one place that you can confront the nations wealthiest 1%, its on the subway.Crazy story, the other day, you probably heard about this, someone shot a bullet at the White House. Yeah. The Secret Service immediately ruled out Jon Huntsman because that guy has no shot at the White House.Glenn Beck is in the news. An interesting story. Former Fox News host Glenn Beck is developing an animated television series with a writer from The Simpsons. The show is called Apu Gets Deported.The House of Representatives, did you hear this, the House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow people to carry a concealed weapon from one state to another. In other words, my trip back to Boston for Thanksgiving just got a lot more interesting. Im going to be packing at the Thanksgiving table. Say it again, just one more time. Who is a disappointment?Over the weekend, I dont know if you saw this, President Obama went shopping and he wandered into a bookstore. Yeah, Rick Perry said, When Im President that will never happen. There will be no bookstores.This is a crazy story. A man from Mexico is in trouble for helping build a tunnel from Tijuana to San Diego with electricity, ventilation and rail cars. The man is being charged with bringing illegals into the country and bringing public transit dangerously close to Los Angeles.A woman claiming she had a 13-year affair with Herman Cain. This is the latest. After he told his alleged mistress to prove it, she produced 61 phone or text messages from Cain. After that, Cain said, When I said prove it, I meant go away quietly.This is a crazy story in Greenwich, Connecticut, three wealthy investors who were already worth millions won the $254 million power ball jackpot. Yeah in a related story, everyones head at Occupy Wall Street just exploded.According to a recent report by the Census Bureau, more residents are moving away from California than any other state. People are moving away. Yeah, as a result, California has changed its state motto to California, We Have Medical Marijuana.Speaking of the Republicans, an upcoming Republican debate will be moderated by Donald Trump. It will take place in the Trump Forum for the Future of Democracy and Casino.Jon Huntsman said he is not worried about his campaign because Americans are starting to take a second look at him. yeah. The reason theyre taking a second look is because they dont know what he is still doing here.A few hours ago, Lady Gaga visited the White House. There was an awkward moment when Michelle Obama thanked her for the toaster and Lady Gaga said, Thats my hat. Give it back.On the campaign trail an eight-year-old boy approached Michele Bachmann and told her that his gay mom doesnt need fixing. Thats what he said. He said, My gay mom doesnt need fixing. Yeah, then he added, But my straight dad could sure use a drink.The 2012 elections, Republicans are trying really hard to woo Jewish voters away from President Obama. Yeah. For example, instead of talking about cutting taxes, theyre using the phrase, Giving taxes a bris.Mitt Romneys campaign announced that its official song is Kid Rocks Born Free. Yeah. It narrowly beat out the first choice, Mr. Roboto.Jon Huntsman said, this is a quote, We are in a deep funk as a people. What is even sadder is that he gave the speech at 2:00 in the morning sitting alone in a booth at Applebys.Hey, Donald Trump is in the news ... In his new book, Donald Trump claims he deserves credit for helping make Lady Gaga a star. Yeah. Trumps exact quote was It was my idea to go out in public with weird crazy [bleep] on your head.Today the White House held its annual Hanukkah celebration. Isnt that nice? It was a traditional Jewish ceremony, except for the part where it was hosted by a black man from Hawaii.Speaking of President Obama, today when President Obama was asked to comment on Republicans who accused him of being weak on foreign policy, he suggested they talk to Osama bin Laden. Yeah. Then he dropped the mic and said, Peace out, bitch, and walked off.GOP debate! Debate number 614! This is what everyones talking about. During the debate the other night, Mitt Romney challenged Rick Perry to a $10,000 bet and Perry said, Im not a betting man. Yeah, Perry also said, Im not a spelling man, a reading man or an adding man. He has it down to three.Many voters feel that Mitt Romneys out of touch with real Americans after he tried to make the bet with Rick Perry for $10,000. When asked to comment, Mitt said, Im sorry, but thats all I had in my pocket at the time.Were finding out more interesting stuff about Newt Gingrich. Its reported that one of Newt Gingrichs biggest fears is that a nuclear attack will shut off Americas electricity. He has said that, yeah. Apparently Newts afraid that it will happen while his Hot Pocket is still in mid-defrost.During Saturdays debate, Michele Bachmann kept referring to Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich as Newt Romney. Experts say its the closest shes come to endorsing gay marriage.The FDA is recommending that birth control pills be given more appropriate labels. They dont like the labels they have now. The FDA is especially unhappy with the pills labeled Unprotected Sex Skittles.Yesterday, Newt Gingrich released a statement promising he would not cheat on his wife. Even better, he said he wouldnt cheat on his next wife either or the one after that.Yesterday, someone threw a pair of shoes at Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Yeah, Iran has captured the shoes and is studying their technology.New election scandal. Mitt Romney has received criticism for using the campaign slogan Keep America American because that slogan was once used by the KKK. Now he is overcompensating because his new slogan is Mitt Romney, Straight Out of Compton.Speaking of the campaign, yesterday Gary Busey withdrew his endorsement of Newt Gingrich. Yeah, Mr. Busey has gone back to his prior position of endorsing a jar of raisins.Earlier today on the campaign trail, Ron Paul said he does not like his milk homogenized. After this, Rick Perry said, I am also not a fan of gay milk.North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il died of a heart attack. That was the cause. No one knows what triggers it. He had a lot of money riding apparently on the Denver Broncos so he was pretty upset.Crazy strange facts are coming out about Kim Jong-Il today. It is being reported, this is true, that school children in North Korea were taught that Kim Jong Il did not urinate or defecate. Thats true, yeah. So today, most school children in North Korea assumed that their fearless leader exploded.Marcus Bachmann in the news, while campaigning for his wife, he said it was a myth that 10% of the population is gay. He said In my house, its more like 50%.Weird story, its being reported, I dont know if you know this, the new meth capital of America is Missouri. ... Missouri unseated last years meth capital of America, the set of Two and a Half Men.I found out my secret Santa was Kim Jong-Il. Three days in a row I got sunglasses, then nothing.As you probably heard by now, Kim Jong-Il has passed away. Hell probably be replaced by his son. Thats what theyre saying. ... Its been reported that hes been chosen as the new leader of North Korea, over his two older brothers. Thats right. They completely passed over Tito and Jermaine.Little light political news for you. In a new interview that just came out, Mitt Romneys wife says her husband loves caffeine-free diet coke. Yeah. Or as its known in the Mormon community, the ultimate gateway drug.Lets talk about Kim Jong-Il, his body is lying in state in North Korea and this story came out today. North Korea, this is true, may not have enough money to preserve the body of Kim Jong-Il. They dont have enough body to preserve his body. Unfortunately, this leaves North Koreans with only one alternative, Kim Jong jerky.Today in Mexico, the Mayan people are celebrating what they say is the countdown to the end of the world. Yeah. In other words, they think Michele Bachmann has a real shot.Today are the Republican Iowa caucuses, huh? Or, as its also known, Old White Guy Mardi Gras. Heres the latest, political analysts are saying that Mitt Romney is having trouble generating enthusiasm among Iowa voters. Now, ladies and gentlemen, you know you have a problem when people in Iowa find you dull. He lacks that Iowa sizzle, he does.Yesterday Newt Gingrich was asked about the Iowa caucus, and he said, I dont think Im going to win. It was funny, because thats how Jon Huntsman answers the phone.And theres a plan for the Pentagon to cut almost half a trillion dollars from the military. Cut half a trillion dollars from the military. Yeah. The Pentagon plans to pay for future wars by divorcing Kobe Bryant.Mitt Romney won the Iowa caucuses by defeating Rick Santorum by only eight, eight votes. Thats a record. To give you an idea of how close that is, if all of Newt Gingrichs ex-wives voted for Santorum, he would have won by 15.Michele Bachmann has dropped out after last night. In her concession speech, Michele Bachmann said, this is a quote, I mean what I say and I say what I mean. Yeah. Then she thanked her speechwriter, Popeye.Rick Perry finished in fifth place with only 10% of the votes. Yeah. When asked if he was dropping out, Perry said quitting is not in my vocabulary and neither be most other words.The big story today, John McCain has endorsed Mitt Romney for President. Now, it didnt help that McCain began his endorsement by saying, From the man who brought you Sarah Palin.Presidential candidate Rick Santorum is under fire for a remark he made in Iowa about black people. People are upset about it. The remark has sparked outrage among Iowas black community, otherwise known as Steve.Mitt Romney has come under fire for his pledge to eliminate Federal funding for PBS. Yeah. Romney said, When Im President, the only operated puppet speaking to kids will be me.The Republican candidates going down to the wire in New Hampshire. ... During the debate on Saturday night, Jon Huntsman spoke Chinese, yeah. Not to be outdone during the debate, Newt Gingrich ate Chinese.This crazy scandal, the Defense Department is trying to find out who leaked information to filmmakers making a movie about the killing of Osama bin Laden. Yeah. Even worse, the name of the movie is Harold and Kumar Kill Osama bin Laden.A lot of people were talking about President Obamas controversial new plan for a leaner, cheaper US military. The plan calls for much fewer troops in countries like Iraq and Afghanistan, almost $1 trillion in budget cuts. Theyre really going to make the military very lean. To chop military spending, many of our soldiers are going to serve their active duty from home.You know what, Fidel Castro is now chiming in on our elections. He declared yesterday that a robot would do a better job as President than Barack Obama. Thats what he said. Yeah, after hearing this, Mitt Romney thanked Castro for his endorsement.The only surprise in last nights New Hampshire primary is how well Ron Paul did. He gave a speech afterwards. In Ron Pauls speech last night, did you see this; he described himself to the crowd as dangerous. Yeah, then one of his handlers fed him some warm milk through an eye dropper and he fell asleep in a shoebox. They carried him out very gently.Hollywood royalty paid a visit to White House yesterday. Yesterday, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt visited the White House. Yeah, there was an awkward moment when they tried to adopt President Obama.The other day at a campaign event, Mitt Romney told the crowd that he is half Mexican. Which means that half of him will not be voting for Mitt Romney.Did you know this, since 2010, Homeland Security has been monitoring YouTube. Which explains number four on the FBIs most wanted list is Panda on a Trampoline.Interesting little fact for you. According to a study today the third Monday in January is the most depressing day of the year. Yeah, especially if youre a Broncos fan who supports Jon Huntsman. Thats just a double whammy, too.Because of a protest, starting at midnight, Wikipedia is going to shut down for 24 hours. Yeah, in fact, its 11:05 right now. So you have less than one hour to get most of your facts wrong.Todays First Lady Michelle Obamas 48th birthday. Yeah, President Obama wanted to surprise her. But he couldnt find a male stripper willing to jump out of a sensible garden salad.At last nights Republican debate, Mitt Romney talked about his love of hunting. Yeah. In fact, Romney said on his last hunting trip, he shot three deer and fired two elk.Today, Newt Gingrich said almost one-third of his income goes to paying taxes. Yeah, then he said another third goes to ordering seconds.Rick Perry dropped out of the presidential race. Hes out. Yeah, when asked what went wrong, Perry said, I guess America still isnt ready to elect a dumb guy from Texas. But in time...Newt Gingrich is in the news. Newt Gingrichs second wife said Newt wanted to have an open marriage. I think it might be true because at the last debate, Newt turned off the lights and said, Hey, fellows, lets just all be President.Huge news, in politics over the weekend, Mitt Romney lost in South Carolina. Thats a huge story. Yeah. So hes going to get desperate. Now hes getting intense, with the Florida primaries coming up today, Mitt Romneys campaign staff said the gloves are off. Or to use Romneys exact words, Jeeves, be a good chap and remove my opera gloves.Tomorrow, Mitt Romney is going to release his 2010 and 2011 tax returns. Not to be outdone, tomorrow, Newt Gingrich, is going to release his 1998, 1994 and 2005 wedding vows.Mitt Romney released his tax records today. They showed that he earned over the last two years $42 million. Yes. So now the other candidates arent running for President. Theyre running to be Mitt Romney.President Obama gave his State of the Union, and he said the state of the union is strong. Yeah. Meanwhile, Newt Gingrich made a speech to his wife and said, The state of our union is open. He was wearing a silk robe when he said it.Yet another Republican debate last night. Because we do need more of those. At last nights debate, Newt Gingrich said voters want a President who is prepared to be controversial. Which explains why Newt then turned to the crowd and yelled, I love Nickelback.During the State of the Union speech, President Obama, did you see this? He told a joke that fell completely flat with the audience. All I have to say is, Mr. President, welcome to my world.Newt Gingrich said something interesting in a new interview, he said when it comes to sex scandals, hes not as bad as Bill Clinton. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, You got that right, and high-fived every guy on earth.Nancy Pelosi is in the news. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says she has dirt on Newt Gingrich, but so far shes keeping her lips sealed. Not because of discretion but because thats how the last surgeon left them.A new website just came out. Its been designed to calculate how long it takes Mitt Romney to earn your salary. Yeah, a website that calculates that. From now on, whenever Mitt Romney is running late, he can call there and say, Ill be there in five teachers. Whats interesting is in the time it took you to think about that joke, Mitt Romney made $65 million.President Obama is traveling the country. Did you know this? He spent last night in Las Vegas? This morning he woke up on his hotel room floor trying to figure out what to do about a tiger, a baby and 9% unemployment.According to new polls that just came out, Mitt Romney does very well with Republican voters who make more than $200,000. Yeah. Or as Romney calls them, trailer trash. Can someone live on that? How do you do it? They must be garbage!President Obama trying to get out the youth vote in new and interesting ways and today, this might be a first, today President Obama answered young peoples questions on YouTube. He went on YouTube, the President. As a result, Obamas latest poll numbers are 55% LOL.Today, Snoop Dogg endorsed Ron Paul for President. Snoop Dogg endorsed Ron Paul for President. Snoop said he likes Pauls positions on everything from legalizing pot to legalizing pot.Its interesting; a newspaper says studies show that Republican candidates are buying a lot of ad time on the Weather Channel. Whenever the forecast calls for rain, they pay the weatherman to say, Thanks a lot, Obama.The members of the Tea Party in Tennessee want to remove all mention of slavery from school textbooks. Yeah, instead, they would like textbooks to say that Abraham Lincoln freed the unpaid interns.The Florida primary is happening as we speak. The candidates are pulling all the stops. Yesterday, Mitt Romney went to a McDonalds and ordered burgers and fries and apparently everything was going well until Mitt Romney asked the cashier if she could break $1 million bill.Studies are showing that Republican candidates are buying a lot of their ad time on the Weather Channel. Yeah. You can tell because last night the weatherman blamed the cold front on immigration and gay marriage.Did you hear the latest? The government may be legally required to release the video of Osama bin Ladens killing. Yeah, President Obama said this would be unhelpful, inflammatory and could you please release it two days before the election?After losing in Florida, Newt Gingrich is campaigning hard in Las Vegas. Gingrich says he loves Las Vegas because it has two of his favorite things, buffets and wedding chapelsThe Obama Administration has been slammed for a health insurance rule that forces Catholic organizations to provide contraception. Forces them. Yeah. Even more controversial, the church would also have to provide dim lighting, wine coolers, and a R. Kelly mixed tape.Three wins for Rick Santorum. Since yesterdays primaries, Rick Santorums campaign has received $250,000 in donations. Yeah, when Mitt Romney heard this he said,  $250,000? Oh, thats cute. Arent you a good little candidate?Speaking of Romney, this is crazy -- a condom company has launched a special line of Mitt Romney condoms. Yeah, the Romney condom is perfect for the lover who likes to constantly change his positions.Newt Gingrich in the news. Newt Gingrich still battling hard for the Republican nomination. Doing his best. Newt Gingrich is trying to save his campaign by focusing only on areas where he has the most support. Yeah, so hes mostly focusing on Georgia, Tennessee and the Cheesecake Factory. Huge there. Done enough for them.Meanwhile Mitt Romney trying hard to connect with voters. People say hes not connecting. He seems like hes too affluent. In his campaign Mitt Romney has talking about his fathers humble beginnings as a carpenter. Yeah. He said, Ill never forget the day my dad started building our fourth beach house.Yesterday, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney all said that if elected President they would eliminate porn. In a related story, President Obama has already been re-elected, unanimously.President Obama is in Los Angeles today hoping to raise millions of dollars. Yeah. Which may be why I saw him in the audience line this morning at The Price is Right. Barack Obama, come on down! Thats what he should do.A Democratic fundraiser is offering a one on one dinner with the President for $35,000. Unfortunately the only person in America who can afford it is Mitt Romney. Thats going to be awkward.Rick Santorum picked up an endorsement from the lead singer of the heavy metal band Megadeth. Yeah. In other words Santorum is the only candidate who is both pro-life and pro Megadeth.In the United States there are nearly 1.8 million dead people who are still registered to vote. Yeah. Dead people are still registered to vote. Yeah. As a matter of fact, theyre the group thats most passionate about Mitt Romney.Mitt Romney is in the news. Its been reported that Mitt Romneys campaign is spending cash twice as fast as theyre earning it. Hey, it turns out he is just like us, huh?A new article claims that if Abraham Lincoln ran for President today, he could not get elected as a Republican. Mainly because if he tried to free the slaves, other Republicans would say, Abraham Lincoln, bad for small business.Political analysts say the key voting block this election will be a group of women called birth control moms. Birth control moms are women who use birth control but apparently not correctly.During a concert at the White House yesterday, did you hear about this, President Obama got on stage and performed with Mick Jagger. Yeah. Apparently, Obama wanted to prove to Republicans that he could work with a rich old white guy.Today Newt Gingrich said we should use covert operations to assassinate Irans nuclear scientists. Yeah. Gingrich also said the key to covert operations is announcing them on the campaign trail.In last nights Republican debate, the candidates were asked to describe themselves in one word. Rick Santorum said, Courage, Ron Paul said, Consistent and Newt Gingrich said, Booty-licious. Weird. Makes me like him now.Two of the biggest topics at last nights GOP debate were illegal immigration and birth control. Those were the two. I think Ron Paul got confused because he said we should build a fence around women and pull out of Mexico. It was weird. I thought that was strange.This is exciting news. Bill Clinton, former President Bill Clinton has been named a nominee for this years Nobel Peace Prize. Yeah, this will be his first trip to Sweden that he can actually tell Hillary about.Romney and Santorum are neck and neck in Michigan. Mitt Romney has accused Rick Santorum of saying outrageous things just so Santorum can appeal to his most extreme voters. Santorum denied this and said, Thats exactly the kind of misrepresentation I would expect from gay abortion doctor Mitt Romney.Did you hear, Mitt Romney is using Kid Rock Born Free. Its better than his previous choice Born Free Thanks to a Generous Inheritance. Quite catchy.Big celebrity news. Its being reported that Snooki is pregnant. Have you heard this? Yeah. When Rick Santorum heard the news, he immediately came out in favor of birth control.Mitt Romney won a squeaker in Michigan last night. Today in Detroit Mitt Romney asked supporters to donate money to his campaign. Yeah. Of course, the people pointed out that they live in Detroit and hes Mitt Romney.Mitt Romney, of course. You know hes winning these primaries but hes having a lot of trouble connecting to the common voter, to the common person. Just regular folks. So hes trying a little too hard. In an interview yesterday, Mitt Romney said that he has worn a garbage bag as rain gear. He said that. He said, I have worn a garbage bag as rain gear. He said its easy, all he had to do is dump out the hundred dollar bills and throw the bag over his head.Over the weekend, President Obama contacted the student that Rush Limbaugh called a slut and offered his support. Then President Clinton called her and asked, Is it true?Today Rick Santorum swiped at Romney by saying money is not part of this election. Two hours later, Mitt Romney bought Rick Santorum. $6,000.Brought this up earlier, Rush Limbaugh in some trouble. I mentioned 12 companies have suspended advertising on Rush Limbaughs radio show after Rush called a Georgetown Law student who spoke out in favor of birth control a slut and prostitute. Limbaugh says hes not worried about losing these advertisers. In fact, several new businesses have offered to sponsor his show. Companies like Adelsons Wife Cages. The Ass Hat Cigar Company wants to be in on this. The Revisionist History Channel, also apparently very excited.Its Super Tuesday; its going to be followed, tomorrow, by Oh, [bleep] Now Were Really Stuck With Romney Wednesday.This week in Ohio, Mitt Romney has been trying to present himself as a blue collar candidate. Did you hear that? Hes trying to connect with regular folk. Unfortunately, it doesnt help that his opening line is, Hello, my fellow peasants.As of tomorrow, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum all get Secret Service protection. Yeah. Meanwhile, Ron Paul will get a can of mace and a rape whistle.Something interesting to tell you. Tomorrow is International Womens Day. Or as Rush Limbaugh calls it Slutzapalooza! Rush Limbaugh has lost more sponsors due to his slut comment. Yeah, today Rush Limbaugh said losing his sponsors is like losing a couple of french fries. Thats what he said. In other words, Rush Limbaugh is devastated.I dont think much has changed since Super Tuesday. Last night Mitt Romney just barely won the Republican primary in Ohio by 1%. Then Romney made the mistake of saying, Ladies and gentlemen, tonight is the victory for the 1%.According to exit polls. Mitt Romney is struggling with voters who call themselves very conservative. However, Mitt is doing great with voters who describe themselves as being totally freaked out by Rick Santorum.Hey, shocking new information just came out about the death of Osama bin Laden. Did you hear this news today? This is interesting. It was reported that in the weeks leading up to his death, Osama bin Laden had trouble controlling the squabbling among his three wives. In fact, when the team knocked down the door, bin Laden said, Thank God youre here. Two in the chest. One in the head. Lets do this.Yesterday former presidential candidate Michele Bachmann said whats been happening to Rush Limbaugh lately is overkill. She thinks the medias gone too far. Moments later Rush called Michele Bachmann on the phone and said, Thanks, slut.Rick Santorum has now said if elected President, he would ban hard core pornography. Which is why Mitt Romney changed his slogan, Mitt Romney: Because Santorum Would Ban Hard Core Pornography.Speaking of Rick Santorum, a racy photo of a shirtless Rick Santorum lounging in a pool is circulating on the internet right now. Ironically, the photo has proven to be a very effective form of birth control. Santorum has mixed feelings about that.A new report that says not long before Osama bin Laden died he really wanted to change al Qaedas name to help its image. He wanted to change the name Al Qaeda to help their image, yeah. Unfortunately, Pink Berry was taken.Big, big day for President Obama yesterday. This is exciting. Yesterday the Prime Minister of Ireland, did you hear this, made President Obama an honorary Irishman. As a result, President Obama awoke this morning with a hangover and a job at the fire department.Rick Santorum is still hanging in there. Its interesting, its been reported the Santorum campaign has raised at least $300,000 by selling sweater vests. Yeah. Meanwhile, the Newt Gingrich campaign has made twice that by selling Spanx for men.Over the weekend, former Vice President Dick Cheney received a heart transplant. The new heart is working so well that Cheney has already gone to Whoville and returned all of their Christmas presents.Rick Santorum caused a little bit of a stir. He swore at a reporter the other day. ... Rick Santorum said you arent a real Republican until you have sworn at someone from the New York times. Moments later, a panicked Mitt Romney called the New York Times reception desk and said Heck!Newt Gingrichs campaign having a little money trouble. Have you heard about this? Newt Gingrichs campaign is charging people $50 to pose for a picture with Newt. Yeah. And for $100 you can get one without Newt.The Supreme Court is deciding right now whether the government can mandate that all Americans buy health insurance. Have you heard this? Rick Santorum said, Theres no way Im letting the government make me go on a man date.Fascinating rumor on the campaign trail. Its been reported that Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich had a secret meeting. Yeah. Apparently Romney asked Gingrich if he considered being his running mate and Gingrich asked Romney, Are you going to finish those fries?Mitt Romney, this guy has trouble connecting with the common man. Yesterday, Mitt Romney told what he thought was a humorous story about how his father closed down a Michigan factory. Yeah, then Romney went on to quote some of his favorite quotes from the movie Schindlers List.You probably read this; three people have won the Mega Millions Lottery. You know what that means, three more votes for Mitt Romney.You all excited about the big Wisconsin primary, huh? ... Primary number 88 in that state I dont care about. A little bit of a controversy going on with the Wisconsin primary. Wisconsin Democrats are accusing Mitt Romney of handing out free sub sandwiches in exchange for votes. Which explains why Newt Gingrich today voted for Mitt Romney. Seven times.Romney and Obama, were still in the primaries but it feels like the general election has already broken out. Theyre already exchanging barbs, these two. Yesterday, President Obama accused the Republicans of social Darwinism. And today Romney accused the President of rhetorical excess. When asked to comment, former President Bush said, What? And they gave him ice cream and he was fine.Speaking of President Obama, recently at the White House, President Obama admitted hes a trekkie. Although trekkies say he doesnt qualify because he has a wife and a job.John McCain said an interesting thing. This morning, John McCain was asked who Mitt Romney should consider for Vice President. McCain laughed and said, Sarah Palin. When no one else laughed, McCain sighed, stared into the distance and said, I guess you had to be there.President Obama admitted he is a trekkie. Did you hear that? He is a trekkie. Which explains why the President is polling very high with virgins age 45 to 60.Mitt Romneys family is trying really hard to make Mitt seem like a regular guy. That is the strategy now. In a new interview that she just gave, Ann Romney says her husband, Mitt, is mischievous. Yeah, for example, she says his favorite prank is to ring someones doorbell, run away and then buy the house.Now Newt Gingrich, everybody is saying he is through. Newt Gingrich says he still has a chance. That people walk up to him all the time and beg him to stay in the race. Its a group of people known as Democrats.A new study finds that homophobia may be linked to a subconscious attraction to your own gender. Rick Santorum has called the study to believe as hard to believe as Ryan Goslings perfect ass.Its been reported that Herman Cain is going to support Mitt Romney. In other words, Mitt Romney is going to get his first black supporter.The Dow Jones is down for the fifth day in a row. Yeah. When asked for comment, GOP frontrunner Mitt Romney said, Dont worry, America, all my moneys in Switzerland.The FBI claims that American universities are being infiltrated by foreign spies. Did you know that? Yeah. In other words, Iran may have the technology to build their own beer bong.Rick Santorum is now out of the race. A day after dropping out, he is trying to figure out his next move. Thats right. For now, Santorum has returned to his previous job, traveling to small towns across America and forcing them to outlaw dancing.Everyone is wondering who Mitt Romneys running mate going is to be. When asked about Mitt Romneys vice presidential pick, Herman Cain said he would bring some excitement to the ticket. Then he asked if Mitt Romneys wife is single.President Bush has complaints. At a conference yesterday, George Bush said he would wish people would stop referring to his tax policy as the Bush tax cuts. He also wishes people would stop referring to his presidency as the eight-year oopsie.All right. Newt Gingrich, not happy. Today, Newt Gingrich is blaming the failure of his presidential campaign on Fox News. Thats what he said, yeah. Newts also blaming the failure of his diet on Cinnabon. Its Cinnabons fault.Crazy stuff happening over the weekend. Secret Service involved in a sex scandal, are you following the story? Eleven Secret Service agents are reportedly in trouble for having sex with prostitutes while on a trip to Colombia. In defense, the Secret Service agents are saying its part of their oath to put themselves in hos way.It seems official, Mitt Romney is the GOP candidate, its not official yet, but it seems official. Mitt Romney has already begun the process of choosing a running mate. Did you know that? Romney wants someone with a different ethnicity who appeals to women, so his first choice is President Obama.More information has now come out about the Secret Service prostitution scandal in Colombia. ... One of these Secret Service agents is in trouble now for bragging to the prostitutes that he was there protecting President Obama. He was bragging. So the agents first mistake was in thinking you have to brag to a prostitute. Whats he thinking?Well, now that hes the Republican nominee, Mitt Romney trying very hard to connect with voters. They say he might have problem connecting with real people. He said he isnt too rich to relate to average Americans. Thats what he said. Just because I own six houses doesnt mean I cant relate to someone who only owns three.Ann Romney is defending her husband for strapping the family dog to the roof of their station wagon when on a family trip saying the dog loved it. Unfortunately, the dog could not be reached for comment because he ran away to stay with Michael Vick.Tough times for Newt Gingrich. During a campaign event at the Saint Louis Zoo, Newt Gingrich was bitten by a penguin. It was feeding time and Newt and the penguin were fighting over pieces of squid.President Obama is gearing up for his presidential campaign. Hes created a new series of ads aimed at Latinos. The first ad boasts that Just last week my Secret Service created jobs for 11 Colombian women. Thats a lot of jobs.The Secret Service scandal is getting worse because ... apparently agents were also snorting cocaine. However, in the agents defense, hotels in Columbia offer cocaine in the mini bar. If you think its expensive on the street ?Mitt Romney is weighing in. He said Secret Service personnel involved in the scandal should be fired for putting play time ahead of the nation. So I think the real story here is that Mitt Romney describes prostitutes and cocaine as play time. Hes cooler than I thought.That Secret Service sex scandal keeps growing. More unfolds every day. Heres the latest, three of the Secret Service agents involved in the sex and cocaine scandal are now leaving the agency. Yeah. On the bright side, theyre going to have one hell of a going away party.Yesterday one of the prostitutes involved in the Secret Service scandal said an agent offered her only $30 for an $800 sex act. Apparently, the Secret Services secret is that they are cheap bastards.If you noticed, Mitt Romney trying very hard to appear human now. You notice that? [As Romney] I must fool them! Look, I am sweating. People on my planet told me this is how its doneMitt Romney is now trying to deflect talk of his wealth by describing his grandfathers humble origins. Thats what hes doing now Apparently Mitts grandfather came to this country with nothing but the shirt on his back and dog on his roof.President Obama working hard. This campaign is going at it now. President Obama is proposing to keep student loans cheap as a way to appeal to college students. And if that doesnt work, Obamas going to switch to his second proposal, Hey, everybody, free pizza in my room.The Secret Service scandal continues. Congress now is expanding its investigation into the Secret Service prosecution scandal. Congressmen want to know how could this happen? Who was responsible? And do those ladies take Discover cards?For the first time in 40 years, more Mexicans are leaving the United States than are coming to it. Yeah. Thats true. Not because of our economy. Because theyre sick and tired of explaining that Taco Bell isnt real Mexican food.The Secret Service scandal continues. Political analysts are saying that President Obama doesnt want to be too critical of the Secret Service because their agents protect him every day. Which explains why today President Obama said it was fiscally responsible refusing to pay the prostitute.Hey, Newt Gingrich is reportedly struggling with the question of dropping out of the presidential race. Hes struggling, yeah. Gingrich said If theres one thing my two ex-wives know about me its that Im not a quitter.On the campaign trail Mitt Romney said -- I love this ? I live for laughter. Then he looked at his poll numbers among women and had a two-hour giggle fit.Kind of a goofy mishap for President Obama yesterday. When he stopped at a diner yesterday in Colorado, a young female college student accidentally spilled yogurt on him. Yeah, after hearing this, Bill Clinton said, Of course, yogurt! Thats what I should have said, yogurt!Good day for Mitt Romney yesterday. Yesterday Mitt Romney won all five of the primaries, all five, yeah. You see, apparently when you buy four primaries, you get the fifth for free. They punch your card and there you go.Yesterday the Dalai Lama said he loves George W. Bush as a person, but not as a President. Thats what he said. When asked for comment, George W. Bush said I love him as a dalai, but not as a lama. Probably said it all snippy-like, too.Presidential campaign in full swing now. Everybodys out there stomping, they have all hands on deck. In a speech today Vice President Joe Biden said the following, he said, I promise you the President has a big stick. Thats what he said. Now Joe Biden is banned from the congressional gym locker room.A new Republican ad came out that claims President Obama is now too focused on being cool. Yeah. President Obama hasnt responded to the ad because hes too busy snowboarding with the boy band One Direction.Some good news for Mitt Romney. Did you hear this yesterday? Texas Governor Rick Perry endorsed Mitt Romney for President. Yeah. Perry said he chose Romney because out of the one candidate left, hes the best.Vice President Joe Biden said something interesting. In a new interview, Vice President Joe Biden said the sitcom Will & Grace made America more comfortable with gay people. Yeah. Biden also said the sitcom character Urkel made America more comfortable with President Obama.Speaking of President Obama. He has officially kicked off his campaign. President Obama says his campaign for a second term is still about hope and change. Yeah. Thats what he said. The Presidents exact words were, I hope I wont have to change my address. Slightly less inspiring.Rick Santorum finally endorsed Mitt Romney at 11:00 at night. When reached for comment, Santorum said When I cant sleep I try endorsing Mitt Romney for President and it puts me right out.Apparently Rick Santorum endorsed Mitt Romney last night, very late, via email. Yeah. Just makes Santorum the 10 millionth guy who is ashamed of what he did late last night on his computer.Some people a little upset with George W. Bush. It just came out taxpayers paid for George W. Bushs phone bill even when he was out of office. The bill was over $80,000. Yeah. Apparently Bush called 411 thousands of times to ask if Santa was real.This broke a couple hours ago. Today, President Obama came out in favor of same sex marriage. Big story. He said he hoped his support would make it easier for gay people to get married and for John Travolta to get a massage.Lots of historic stuff is happening. Yesterday, people in North Carolina voted to ban gay marriage and civil unions. Yeah. So if youre gay and you want to get married in North Carolina, youll just have to pretend youre cousins.The amendment in North Carolina defines marriage legally as between one man and one woman. And it passed despite Bill Clinton making calls urging people to vote against it. Yeah. Bill Clinton got involved. Yeah. Clinton told them, Take it from me, you dont want to limit marriage to one man and one woman. You want a little wiggle room there.President Obamas in town for a fundraiser at George Clooneys house where dinner, get this, is $40,000 a plate. When Mitt Romney said, Thats ridiculous. You cant get a decent meal for $40,000. Its insane, not with wine.Yesterday President Obama came out in favor of gay marriage because his position has evolved. Then today he flew to George Clooneys house. Yeah, so things are evolving a lot faster than we expected.The White House admitted that Vice President Bidens endorsement of gay marriage forced him to come out in favor of it. So in a related story millions of Americans are trying to get Biden hooked on pot.Mitt Romney apologized today after it came out that he bullied fellow students back in high school. Apparently, he held a kid down and said over and over again Your dad only has one house. No, this is true. Mitt Romney has issued an apology for some of his high school pranks that I guess went a little too far. Probably the meanest prank was the time he bought his high school and fired everyone in it.Everyone is now discussing the Obama Newsweek cover. Have you seen this? Yes, this is crazy. The new issue of Newsweek features President Obama on the cover with the caption The First Gay President. Apparently the new managing editor of Newsweek is a third-grade bully.President Obama went on The View. Did you see that? He went on the The View because theyre the only group of women the President trusts his Secret Service agents to be around.Both campaigns trying hard to appeal to young people. President Obama said Jay-Z on his iPod. In an effort to keep up, Mitt Romney said he downloaded Nickelback to his Zune.The Newsweek cover. You may not have heard about this. It features a picture of President Obama with the caption The First Gay President. Yeah, when he heard this Obama said I miss the good ol days when they just called me a Muslim.Dont know if you heard this but California Governor Jerry Brown said the state is $16 billion in debt. He said it in a speech called Seriously, Lets Legalize Pot.Did you hear this? Only one month after the Secret Service prostitute scandal in Colombia, three DEA agents are also being accused of hiring hookers in Colombia. So today the Obama campaign released an ad calling the President number one in job creation in Colombia.This is interesting. In Mexico a female politician is running campaign ads that feature her topless. Yeah. I just want to say, if this is the way things are headed, I am really happy that Newt Gingrich is out of the race.Next month a new biography is going to come out about the life of 300-pound New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. The biography is called Are You Going To Finish That?A new study shows current members of Congress speak at a 10th grade level. Thats true. They speak at a 10th grade level. When reached for comment, Eric Cantor said, Nuh-uh!A couple of days ago it came out Mitt Romney is in fact a wealthy man. You know, we werent sure. We werent quite sure if he was really wealthy. Now the truth is out. On Friday, Mitt Romney disclosed his earnings. He is worth between $190 million and $250 million. Yeah. Romney says theres a $60 million discrepancy because theres still one pair of jeans where he hasnt checked the pockets. Hell get back to us.People are wondering who his [Mitt Romneys] running mate will be. Some are urging him to choose a Latino running mate. Romney said hes torn between his gardener and his other gardener. Hes just not sure. Hes got to think about it.Guards at Guantanamo Bay apparently tried to coerce inmates into giving information by playing the inmates songs from Sesame Street. And it worked. O ne prisoner broke down and confessed, Rubber ducky, hes the one!Yesterday, Bill Clinton told a crowd, Remember me, Im the guy that gave you four surplus budgets. To which the crowd replied, Thats not what we remember you for.Is this crazy -- someone hacked into Mitt Romneys email account? Did you hear this? They hacked into his email account after correctly guessing the answer to his security question. They guessed it. Apparently the question was: Who was your first grade teacher? and Romney responded, Who cares? Ive got $200 million. This is the crazy thing. It was revealed Mitt Romneys email address is mittromney@hotmail.com Thats true. The guy whos trying so hard to prove hes in touch is still using hotmail.Vice President Joe Bidens wife, Jill Biden, has written a childrens book. Isnt that nice? Its called Green Eggs and Help, My Husband Wont Stop Talking. That doesnt even rhyme.This exciting news, president Obama is coming to Chicago this weekend, did you know that? Yeah. True. Yeah, Obama is introducing his new economic plan as part of the Just for Laughs festival.This is a fun fact, fun fact. On the first date, President Obama reportedly took his wife Michelle to the Art Institute of Chicago. Yeah. Meanwhile, on their first date, Mitt Romney bought his wife the Art Institute of Chicago.Mitt Romney ran into protesters over the weekend. Did you hear about this? Yesterday in a Mitt Romney speech in Ohio protesters kept shouting, Romney, go home. Luckily for Romney, he owned three homes nearby.Over the weekend President Obama issued an order that allows some illegal immigrants to stay in the country. Yeah. Or as Fox News reported it: Obama Issues Order Allowing Himself to Stay in The Country.I dont know if you heard this, but in Utah for the first time ever and I believe its the first time ever, a black female Mormon Republican is running for Congress. Black female Mormon Republican. According to recent polls she has a slight lead over her opponent, a gay Muslim unicorn.There is talk that the Supreme Court may issue their upcoming decision on healthcare reform on live television. Did you hear this? They decided it may be on live television. To boost ratings, each judge will give their decision after spinning around in their chair to face the camera. I think the Supreme Court should do that all the time on every decision. That would get all of us interested again, dont you think?President Obama has issued an order allowing some illegal immigrants to stay in the United States. Mitt Romney says he is fine with this plan, at least until his landscaping is finished.Last night on the premiere for a new reality show -- Bristol Palin. Did you see her new reality show? I didnt think so. Bristol Palin confronted a man in a bar and demanded to know why he hates her mother. Yeah. In response, John McCain said, Leave me alone, Im having a drink.Theres a new weapon in the war on terror. I love these technological advances that the military comes up with. Its being reported that the United States military has created tiny drones the size and shape of insects. They dont kill anybody, but they can totally ruin Al Qaedas summer picnic. Ruining everything. Cancel the three-legged race. Its ruined.Hillary Clinton in the news. She apparently has been traveling more than any other Secretary of State. Next week, someone counted up, Hillary Clinton will travel to her 100th country. And [in] each country, upon landing, her first question is, Have you seen my husband?This week of course, people were saying the key to the presidential race is the Hispanic vote. Thats what people are saying. Mitt Romney has accused President Obama of pandering to the Latino community. The White House said the President is too busy to comment because hes busy watching Telemundo and eating chalupas.Mitt Romney tried to win over a skeptical Hispanic audience in Florida. He came out and tossed the crowd his car keys. Why dont you take that out back? Take it around. Ill just pick that up later. He didnt know what he had done wrong.Yeah, the Supreme Court -- this is huge -- has decided not to fine broadcast networks for fleeting expletives or momentary nudity. Yeah, yeah, not going to do it. It looks like Wheel of Fortune is about to get a lot more interesting. This is true, though. This changes our business a lot. Today, the Supreme Court ruled that TV networks can show momentary nudity. Yeah, so by popular demand, The View is now a radio show.The presidential campaign ads are already on the air. Theyre bombarding us already. The election isnt until November. In a new campaign ad, the Obamas are on camera and they say that on their first date they saw Spike Lees Do The Right Thing. Thats in the ad, yeah. Meanwhile, on Mitt Romneys date, they saw a guy who looked like Spike Lee and immediately called the police.A spokesman for Romney said, I dare him to come to India and say that to my face. I dare him.The Supreme Court has made a lot of decisions today. The Supreme Court has affirmed that corporations can spend as much money on political campaigns as they want. Thats the ruling, yeah. You dont like it, but this decision was praised by Senator Chevron P. Mountaindew.Everyones speculating now about Mitt Romneys running mate, who hes going to pick? The latest rumor is that his running mate will be a white male from Ohio. Or as Romney refers to him, a person of color.Today, the FDA approved a new anti-obesity drug. Yeah. To make sure Americans take it, it comes with a side of onion rings.According to a new report that just came out, get ready for this, marijuana is the most popular drug on earth. Can you believe that? It is. Its the most popular drug on earth, yeah. Yeah. So better luck next year, bath salts that make you eat someone elses face!A lot of Americans are upset because it was revealed that the US Olympic teams outfits were made in China. To protest, many people have taken down their American flags and mailed them back to the flag factory in China.According to a new report that just came out, the average Canadian is now richer than the average American. This is bad news for Americans and worse news for Mexicans who now have to tunnel all the way to Canada.I dont know if you saw this yesterday at a basketball game. President and Michelle Obama were caught off guard by the Kiss Cam. Meanwhile, Mitt Romney was caught off guard by the Show Us Your Tax Returns Cam. Granted, that one is not as much fun.Interesting fun fact. Since becoming Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton has spent over 300 days out of the country. Thats a record. President Obama called her travel record inspiring and Bill Clinton called it 20 years too late.Were going to start off the show tonight with good news for President Obama. ... According to a brand-new poll that just came out, 70% of Latinos said they plan to vote for President Obama, 70%. The other 30% would, but Mitt Romney wont give them the day off work to vote. Lets just say he has a big lawn, ok. Thats a lot of azaleas.At this years Republican convention Chris Christie has agreed to give the keynote address. When reached for comment, he said, Keynote? I thought they said key lime.Mark Hamill who played Luke Skywalker in Star Wars is warning voters that Mitt Romney is not human. Over, on the other side of the aisle, Yoda has been saying Obama in America born wasnt. Its controversial.There have been a lot of reports out there about a new drug called bath salts. ... People who smoke the drug behave unpredictably. They have been known to rip off all of their clothes and run around screaming. They have been known to attack people like zombies. This is scary and getting attention in the media. How about the people that have positive experiences on bath salts? How come we never hear about them?Today Michelle Obama said the Olympics can inspire American kids to get active. Which is nice. Or it can inspire American kids to sit on the couch and watch the Olympics.Unfortunately some bad news for the economy. The poverty rate in the US is now at its highest since the 1960s. Yeah. Its gotten so bad; today Mitt Romneys butler had to let his butler go.A strip club in Tampa is luring Republicans with a Sarah Palin look alike. The woman is identical to Sarah Palin in every way except the stripper has a tangible skill.Now, some experts say President Obamas campaign may come down to the Jewish voters in Florida. Thats what theyre saying. His whole campaign may come down to the Jewish voters in Florida which explained why he announced his new running mate is Barbra Streisand.Yesterday, speaking of President Obama, he gave a speech in Oakland, hundreds of people showed up to voice their support for medical marijuana. And by showed up I mean wandered in four hours late.Mitt Romney criticized President Obama for eroding Americas standing in the world. Yeah. Romney said, I want to make America the kind of country I could one day deposit my money in.Strange facts coming out about both presidential candidates. A new study suggests President Obamas emails are more personal than Mitt Romneys emails. Yeah, Romneys usually end with Best Regards, Mitt, while the Presidents usually end with, I killed Osama bin Laden. Thats actually on his stationary now.Mitt Romney caused quite the controversy at the Olympics. You follow this, right? Mitt Romney campaign still trying to do damage control after remarks that Romney made while in the UK. Probably Romneys worst gaffe was when he visited Buckingham Palace and said to Queen Elizabeth, You call this a house?Romney is in Israel now. Over the weekend, Mitt Romney was in Jerusalem and he slipped a prayer into a crack in the Wailing Wall, yeah. And while he was at it, he also stuffed in $3 million of taxable income.Olympic officials have determined its too cold for the womens beach volleyball competitors to wear bikinis. In a related story today, Bill Clinton came out in favor of global warming.Mitt Romney back on US soil. ... Some conservatives are saying Mitt Romneys trip overseas was a disaster and he should have stayed home. In response, Romney said, But some of my favorite homes are overseas. And then he ate gold.Big political upset in Texas. Did you hear about this? In Texas, a Tea Party candidate whos Hispanic has won the Republican Senate nomination. Impressive, yeah. His campaign slogan is, I Hate Me.A House Republican has compared the new law requiring free birth control for women to Pearl Harbor. When asked to clarify he said, both involved unplanned early morning invasions.It was a great day at the Olympics. Im enjoying it. But tough day for the Romney family. Did you know this? The Romneys have a horse competing in the Olympics. This is true. Ann Romneys horse failed to win a medal in the dressage event today, which is a shame because if theres one thing that family needs, its more gold.Ann Romneys Olympic horse is named Rafalca. She said, I needed a silly name that no ones ever heard of before and Mitt was taken.Mitt Romney is claiming hes going to create 12 million jobs in his first term. Yeah. However, Romney hasnt said yet whether he will create those jobs in China or India. Hes not sure. Hes still thinking.Tough Olympic news for the Romneys. Ann Romneys horse Rafalca did not advance to the Olympic finals. Apparently it was beat out by a smooth talking socialist horse from Kenya.Ive got to talk about the presidential race. It is getting very nasty. You have noticed that? Have you noticed its getting particularly nasty? Today a political analyst for CNN compared the level of bickering between the two presidential candidates to fighting on The Real Housewives shows. Yeah, after hearing this, President Obama said. Dont blame me; blame that lying bitch Mitt Romney! They throw champagne at each other a lot.The Republican Conventions being derailed a bit by Hurricane Isaac. Thats a little awkward, isnt it? Yeah. Mitt Romney says he hopes that Florida will be spared any major destruction from the hurricane. Yeah. However, to be safe, hes urging everyone to take cover and strap their dogs to something secure.Hurricane Isaac has shortened the Republican National Convention by a day. Shortened it by a day. Yeah. The delegates are relieved because that means only three days of having to be fake excited about Mitt Romney.Former Florida governor Jeb Bush says its time for President Obama to stop blaming his brother for the economy. Yeah. Then when asked why he himself has not run for President, he said, My brother.You want to talk about the Mars rover? You bet you do. Tomorrow the Mars rover is going to premier the new -- Im not making this up -- its going to premier the new Black-Eyed Peas song by beaming it back to earth. Yeah. In other words, the rover has turned -- ladies and gentlemen, the rover has turned against us. The machines have risen.The Republican convention has begun. Youve got to let me finish the sentence. No, it finally started, delayed by the storm but it did start. I give you the latest because weve been paying attention. Ann Romney gave a speech to show America that she and her husband are just regular people like you and I. She made the speech atop her Olympic dancing horse, prancing.A group of protestors have been outside the convention dressed up as vaginas. Yeah, which may explain the last-minute appearance at the Republican convention by Bill Clinton. He just showed up. He apparently -- hes now a registered Republican. And he supports Mitt Romney.A group of coal miners in Ohio said that their bosses forced them to attend a Mitt Romney campaign event. Yeah. You know youre boring when people would rather dig coal than listen to you speak.You all watched the Republican Convention last night. Just pretend. Thats good. We got to hear from Mitt Romneys wife Ann. She spoke at the convention. People said she did a good job, I thought she did a good job with her speech at the convention. Ann Romney talked about meeting Mitt at a dance. Thats true. Yeah, apparently she leaned over to her girlfriends and said, Whos the guy over there with no rhythm? He was doing the robot. Or as it was called then, The Mitt.This is interesting, during her speech, Ann Romney said after they got married, she and Mitt lived in a basement. Yeah. It was a 42-room basement on the French Riviera.The big event last night, Chris Christie gave the key note address. Yeah. In his speech last night, Chris Christie said the word I 37 times, Romney seven times and jobs only once. Yeah. And then there was the 622 times he said the word ham.They said theres going to be a mystery speaker at the convention. Its been rumored the Republican convention mystery speaker is going to be a hologram of Ronald Reagan. Im not lying. Thats true, yeah. And the cool part is hes going to perform a duet with Tupac.A lot of people talking about the Republican platform. Thats the big part of the convention. The platform. The new Republican Party platform calls for a crackdown on porn. Yeah, yeah. The Republicans say theyll start the porn crackdown right after they check out of their Tampa hotels with unlimited pay-per-view.During the Republican convention, a group of conservative gays threw a party called Homo-Con. Homo-Con, yeah. People said its like Comic-Con but less gay.Yesterday a medical marijuana group officially endorsed President Obama for President. Doesnt really help Obama though, because they were just getting around to endorsing him for 2008.Tonight is the last night, the final night of the Republican National Convention. Tonight its the swimsuit competition, actually. Its been reported the Republican convention decided not to show a hologram of Ronald Reagan for fear it would overshadow Mitt Romney. Yeah. Its never a good sign when your candidate is in danger of being overshadowed by something that technically doesnt make a shadow.You know, Condoleezza Rice spoke last night. Some people were distracted by her speech because she had lipstick on her teeth. You see that? And even more distracted the night before when Chris Christie had a rack of ribs on his chin.Last night vice-presidential candidate Paul Ryan gave the big speech last night. Last night Paul ryan during his speech said his iPod playlist, quote, Starts with AC/DC and ends with Zeppelin. When asked for comment, Mitt Romney said, Man, I thought I was white.A former Navy SEAL has a book out that claims Osama bin Laden was unarmed when he was shot. Yeah. The book is called Who cares? Hes dead.This week the Democratic convention takes place in Charlotte, North Carolina. And one of the speakers will be Bill Clinton. There you go. Yeah. Yeah, out of habit Clinton told Hillary that he was nowhere near Charlotte. He doesnt know who Charlotte is and Charlotte is a liar.Tonights event at the Democratic National Convention includes a speech by Michelle Obama. Everyones favorite moment was when she told Ann Romney to Bring it, bitch. Thats a quote. I saw it and Im reporting it.If youre a donor to President Obamas campaign ? donors were promised exclusive access to Joe Biden and for an extra $10,000 absolutely no access to Joe Biden.DC Comics has unveiled its first Arab-American superhero. Yeah, hes the first superhero who has the power to fly but keeps getting pulled over for questioning by the TSA.Democratic National Convention began last night. Two of the speakers at the Democratic convention were identical twin brothers, Joaquin and Julian Castro. Identical twins, did you see them? Promising identical twins was the only way to get Bill Clinton to show up. Man, was he disappointed!Today, the Democrats added the word God to the official party platform. Yeah, yeah. Its in the part that reads Did you see Michelle Obamas biceps, oh, my God! Did you see those guns on her? She could beat the crap out of me in two seconds.She gave a great speech last night. Michelle Obama said the first car Barack picked her up in was so old, you could see the ground below them. Yeah. Today, Ann Romney said the same thing about Mitts helicopter. In her speech, she gave away some nice details about their family life. First Lady Michelle Obama said her husband has dinner with his girls where they strategize about middle school relationships. That explains why today the Pentagon ordered a drone strike on that lying bitch Ashley.Interesting fun fact, at this years Democratic convention, 8% of the delegates are gay, a historic record, 8%. This will be the first time a presidential candidate will be nominated by a show of jazz hands.Last night Bill Clinton gave a 49-minute speech defending Obamas record. Thats what he did, yeah. He praised Obama for saving the economy, passing healthcare, and keeping Hillary out of the country most of the year, yeah.Today Scarlett Johansson, Kerry Washington and Eva Longoria all spoke at the Democratic convention. This means that Obama has all about clinched the crucial 13-year-old boy vote.There is a new Republican ad that just came out. The election is going to get nasty toward the end. Thats my prediction. The Republican ad shows a young woman breaking up with a cardboard cutout of President Obama. Yeah, the ad ends with her choosing a cardboard cutout of Mitt Romney which turns out to actually be Mitt Romney.The figures are in and Michelle Obamas convention speech got higher ratings than Ann Romneys. Yeah. And tonight, tonight the Democrats are aiming even higher when President Obama is introduced by new DNC Chair Honey Boo-Boo.As I mentioned former president Bill Clinton spoke last night at the DNC. The crowd loved him. They really did. Some Democrats are worried that Clinton might be overshadowing President Obama. I got to tell you, after watching Clintons speech last night, I can understand their concern.Mitt Romney, trailing in the polls. His campaign is trying to change it up. After being accused of being too vague, Mitt Romneys campaign team says they will start being more specific. Now, when asked when, they said soonish.Interesting fun fact for you. Mitt Romney has been preparing for the debate by debating a Republican Senator who is playing the part of President Obama. Yeah. Meanwhile President Obama has been preparing for Romney by debating an ATM machine.Today Donald Trump said hed give $5 million to charity if President Obama releases his college records. Obama responded by sending Trump a full transcript from his alma mater, the University of Shove It Up Your Ass. Which I was shocked to find is an accredited university.A new article on Mitt Romney says he frequently uses the word gosh. But only when hes talking to his youngest son, Gosh Romney.After the debate on Monday, Mitt Romneys son Tagg apologized to President Obama for saying he wanted to punch him. Then Obamas daughter Sasha apologized to Tagg for saying that his fathers proposed cap on itemized deductions cannot raise enough revenue to compensate the revenues lost by his plan to cut income tax rates. Then she kicked him in the balls. True.I dont think anybody saw this debate last night. Last night was the debate among third party presidential candidates. And each candidate, each one, came out in favor of medical marijuana. Yeah. That was the first presidential debate to air on the Cartoon Network.The hurricane has interrupted the presidential campaign. Interrupted it. Both presidential candidates are taking measures to prepare for Hurricane Sandy. President Obama is staying in Washington to coordinate relief efforts. And Mitt Romney is moving his smaller homes into his larger home.President Obama now has a 52-point lead with Hispanics. However, Mitt Romney has a 90-point lead with the people who hire Hispanics.Sources say that Hurricane Sandy was partly caused by global warming. Meanwhile, Fox News said it was caused by two men kissing in Central Park.Yeah. We do have a presidential campaign to think about. Former Governor Jeb Bush said during the campaign, President Obama has been acting like a 10-year-old. His exact quote was, Obamas acting like a Real George W. Bush.No Halloween for the President. Did you hear this? President Obama canceled the Halloween party at the White House. He canceled after hearing that Joe Biden was coming as slutty Joe BidenConservatives are furious with Chris Christie because hes been saying nice things about President Obama. And the conservatives are mad about it. Well today Rush Limbaugh joked about President Obama and Chris Christie being gay lovers. Yeah, Obama and Christie are furious, said theyd give a formal response as soon as they get back from the Caribbean.In Florida, the lines for early voting are nine hours long. Nine hours. Which is too bad, because its Florida, a lot of those people dont have nine hours.In Ohio yesterday a man who heckled President Obama was carried away by four police officers. Not because he was a danger but because any time you carry a person from Ohio, you need four people. You have to use your lower back.No, the campaigns are finally over and we dont know whats happened yet. But candidates finally get a chance to relax. Today, I dont know if you heard this, President Barack Obama played a game of pick-up basketball. Yeah, Obama said, Listen, Im beating a white guy at something today. I dont care. Conan OBrien:You know what made a big difference last night? The Hispanic vote. Yeah. Im with you, amigos. I dont think I convinced anybody with that. This is true. The President got 70% of the Hispanic vote in Colorado and Nevada. And in New Hampshire, Obama got the support of both Latino guys. Karls and his cousin Carlos. Conan OBrien:We had a big election the other day. Not everybodys happy. A lot of people still coming to grip with Mitt Romneys loss. This is a true story. Im not making this up. It was reported, just reported that the morning after the election, Mitt Romneys family gathered to share a gallon of chocolate milk. Thats true. In other words, they took it much harder than we thought. Conan OBrien:Interesting fact, David Petraeus was reportedly not well liked at the CIA where he worked. Yeah. A tip to you fellows out there, dont cheat with your wife if you work with professional spies who dont like you. That just seems like a recipe for disaster.Right here in Burbank, theyve installed the worlds first caviar vending machine. Caviar vending machine, yeah. Part of an initiative to cheer up Mitt Romney.In a new interview Bill Clinton said that during his entire presidency he only sent two emails. Two. However over two million White House emails were sent from bonerprez 69.Today at Speaker of the House John Boehners office a group of nude female protesters stormed in. Boehner said he is not sure what theyre protesting but hell definitely keep doing it.Mexicos new president said that his countrys problems with the US are not just about drugs and security issues. Yeah. He said its really about Americas insistence that Taco Bell is Mexican food.Big story, President Obama has invited Mitt Romney to lunch at the White House tomorrow. Yeah, in a related story, Romney sent an email to all his donors with the headline: See, I am headed to the White House. Just not the way I thought I was.Many people speculate Hillary Clinton ? its not official. But shell step down as Secretary of State. Shes giving a lot of interviews now and she said the person whos had the most profound effect on her is Nelson Mandela. Bill Clinton said he, too, relates to Nelson Mandela because he, too, has been denied freedom for decades.You all know this. Today Mitt Romney had lunch with President Obama. It was an awkward moment when the bill came and Obama only offered to pay 47%.Scientists have named a new species of fish after Bill Clinton thats a true story, yes. Earlier today Hillary Clinton caught the fish and had it deboned.The Obamas have decorated the White House with 54 Christmas trees. Yeah, its all part of their For the Last Time Were Not Muslim campaign.Gay groups are apparently angry at former President Clinton because he hasnt come out in favor of gay marriage. Yeah. However, Clinton said hed be willing to have two lesbians come by and try to convince him. Thats true. True story.Since losing the election, Mitt Romney is reportedly bored. Yeah, after hearing this, Ann Romney said, Youre bored? Im sitting around all day with Mitt Romney. Whats the problem?Former Vice President Dick Cheney is writing a book about his health problems. Yeah. The book is called Life of Too Much Pie.A lot of dissension among conservatives. One of the leaders of the Tea Party has resigned after a major split in the movement. Yeah. The Tea Party is now divided between angry whites and even angrier whites.The Grammy nominations came out. And this is interesting. Both Michelle Obama and Bill Clinton were nominated in the category best spoken word album. Good for them, yeah. Yeah, true story. Michelle was nominated for the audio version of her book American Grown and Bill Clinton was nominated for the audio version of 50 Shades of Grey.Earlier today New Jersey Governor Chris Christie visited the White House. President Obama told him, Id invite you to lunch but the deficit is already too high.The governor of Arizona ? did you hear about this? The governor of Arizona ? this is interesting ? punched a reporter, who asked her about global warming. She punched ? yeah, punched him. Afterwards she apologized. Said, Sorry, Im a little touchy because its almost Christmas and its 135 degrees outside.Over the weekend Mitt Romney - did you know this? Mitt Romney met Manny Pacquiao just before Pacquiao lost his boxing match to Juan Manuel Marquez. Afterwards Romney told Pacquiao, You lost for the same reason I did - young Hispanics.NASA has hired prison inmates to build satellite parts. Thats a true story. Yeah. Its all part of NASAs new program to search for signs of life in the universe and then make them our bitch.President George w. Bush will be a grandfather for the first time. Yeah. Good for him. Bush said, he doesnt care if its a boy or girl as long as he doesnt have to share his Legos with it.Whats going on in New Jersey? In New Jersey, Democrats fear Republican Governor Chris Christie will be impossible to beat. Yes. Its unclear if theyre talking about the 2013 governors race or Coney Island hot dog eating context.Over the weekend two men - you probably heard about this, there was a picture and everything. Two men got engaged at the White House. So I guess the talks between Obama and Boehner are going better than expected.Tickets to President Obamas inauguration have sold out. At least thats what the President is telling Joe Biden.A political opponent of his is accusing [New Jersey] Governor [Chris] Christie of praying for Hurricane Sandy. In response, Christie said, The only weather-related thing Ive ever prayed for is a Dairy Queen Blizzard. Thats what he said. Thats a quote right there.In an interview yesterday, Al Roker said in a visit to the White House, quote, I pooped my pants. Hes the first person to soil his pants at the White House since that time Hillary Clinton came home early and surprised Bill.Youre always hearing nobody likes Congress. Congress is unpopular. This just came out today. According to a new poll, Congress is now less popular than head lice, Nickelback and Donald Trump. In a related story, head lice is insulted its being lumped in with Donald Trump and Nickelback.One of the gadgets everyone is talking about this year is a fork ? this is real ? a fork that tells you when youre eating too fast. Thats true. A fork that tells you when youre eating too fast. In a related story, today Chris Christie was spotted yelling at his fork to mind its own business. Shut up! Shut up. Im going to switch to my friend, spoon.President Obamas inauguration is coming up. During next weeks inauguration, President Obama will be sworn in with not one, but two Bibles. He will be sworn in with two Bibles. I just want to take a second, relax, Mr. President. We get it. Youre not a Muslim. Youre overcompensating. Two bibles and Ill dress as a priest.Its been reported that tickets to President Obamas inauguration are being scalped for $2,000. Send an email to VicePrezJoeB@gmail. He also wants to sell a futon.President Obama is coming under a lot of criticism that his new Administration has less diversity than his first one. Thats what people are saying. Thats why this morning Obama said, OK, fine, all right, I am a Muslim. Got to mix it up a little bit.Interesting, speaking of the President, President Obamas half-brother is running for political office in Kenya. Yeah. Donald Trump has already accused him of being born in the United States.Oprah Winfrey says she conducted an intense two-and-a-half hour interview with Lance Armstrong. Oprah says she never would have had the stamina if Lance wouldnt have given her something to keep going.President Obama told Congress it must raise our debt limit because the US is not a deadbeat nation. Then the President added, By the way, if China calls, Im not here.Wal-Mart made a big announcement. Wal-Mart made plans to hire 100,000 US veterans, which can only mean one thing - Wal-Mart is going to invade Costco.At a recent auction, Leonardo DiCaprio won a night with Bill Clinton. The versatile performer, whos known in Hollywood as a ladies man, says he cant wait to meet Leonardo DiCaprio.A new study came out that shows that New York City is better at eliminating childhood obesity. Mostly because they force the fat kids to move out and become the governor of New Jersey.Who checked out the inaugural ball last night? Did you watch that on TV? ? I dont know if you saw this at the inaugural ball, President Obama was caught doing some very stiff and awkward dance moves. Did you see that? Yeah. In other words, Obama is already reaching out to Republicans.Steven Tyler defended Beyonce after she lip-synced at President Obamas inauguration. Thats right. Steven Tyler said, I know how she feels. I did the same thing at Harry Trumans inauguration.Hillary Clinton. Did you see her yesterday on television? Yesterday, she was grilled by congressmen on the attack in Benghazi. Then, out of habit, she grilled them about where they were last night and Whos this Megan? Got ugly.The Pentagon has decided to allow women to serve in combat. Its a true story, yeah. Yeah, the hope is that we can now finally defeat the Taliban by giving them the silent treatment.North Korea said it will test a rocket that they hope will hit the United States. In other words, watch your back, middle of the Pacific Ocean.Last night, President Obama and outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did a joint interview on 60 Minutes. ... Of course, the big moment everyone was talking about is when President Obama offered Hillary a rose and asked her to stay. Wasnt that romantic?New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has rejected an increase to the minimum wage. ... As a result, Christie got a lot of dirty looks today when he went to McDonalds, Arbys, Wendys, Burger King and Long John Silvers.This is a crazy story. A little sad. A Secret Service dog died during a fundraiser where Vice President Joe Biden was giving a speech. Yeah. The dog is being described as lucky.Earlier today, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took questions on Facebook. Kind of cool. Then afterwards, Bill Clinton showed her how to erase her browser history.A Justice Department memo claims that President Obama has the right to order the assassination of an American anywhere in the world. Isnt that crazy? In a related story, Donald Trump has gone into hiding.North Korea has released a propaganda video using the song, We Are the World. yeah. At this rate, North Korea may have the technical knowledge to solve the Rubiks Cube.Next years super bowl takes place in New Jersey. The NFL says it wants to prevent another blackout. ... This one involves keeping Chris Christie away from his microwave.A member of Congress is criticizing Steven Spielberg after he discovered parts of the movie Lincoln are historically inaccurate. Yeah. Particularly the scene where Lincoln dies in the mouth of a great white shark. I dont know if you saw that part.The Justice Department is saying that President Obama can order drone strikes on American citizens, that he can do it. In a related story, this is the last Obama joke Im ever doing on this show.As of today, the US Senate has a record number of African-American senators: two. Thats a record. In other words there are more African-Americans in the Senate than at a Mumford & Sons concert.The Navy SEAL responsible for killing Osama bin Laden says hes having trouble finding work. Yeah. My advice - charge $10 per high fives, you will be a billionaire by the weekend.I want to say if any of you are alone today, it could be worse. You could be on a cruise ship right now, the most miserable cruise in the history of the world.Iran is causing some trouble. Iran has released a photo of its supposed new stealth plane. But experts say the photo is clearly photo-shopped. Yeah. The most obvious red flag is that its being flown upside down by Denzel Washington.Next month, Mitt Romney will be making his first public speech after losing the election. ... His topic will be rebuilding your life with just a hope, a dream, and $230 million.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has now officially reversed his opposition to Obamacare. Yeah. Of course, safety regulations require that whenever he reverses himself, he must go, beep, beep, beep, beep.Big international controversy about the Oscars. When they aired them in Iran, the Iranian government digitally added sleeves to Michelle Obamas gown. They also altered the video so that Jennifer Lawrence is now deliberately tripped by the Israelis.Dennis Rodman visited North Korea. Rodman came back and said President Obama should call North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Unfortunately, President Obama was busy discussing Irans nuclear capabilities with Scottie Pippen.in the same interview, Ann Romney blamed the media for her husband Mitt Romneys defeat. ... Her quote is, Its not fair. They kept reporting exactly what he said.President Obama nominated Wal-Mart executive Sylvia Burwell to be his Budget Director. ... The President said hes excited by her experience at Wal-Mart. Sylvia said shes excited to be making more than $9.85 per hour.Today, Kenya is holding elections for the first time since 2007. Getting nasty though - each presidential candidate is accusing the others of being born in Kenya.In a new book, George H.W. Bush defends his son. Its called, Do You Know How Many Times We Dropped Him?A lot of people are worried...about the effects of the budget cuts. The automatic budget cuts could lead to a huge drop in food inspection. ... So be careful if you eat at the Olive Garden. Your meal may contain trace amounts of Italian food.A major snowstorm has hit the East Coast. In Washington, DC, everything in the Capitol ground to a halt. And then the snowstorm hit.The budget cuts, thats the big story. Due to the budget cuts, all tours of the White House have been canceled indefinitely. Yeah, when he heard, Joe Biden said, Now Im never [going to] see it.Today, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell released a Harlem shake video. So, once again, just when you think a trend is dead, its made cool again by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell.President Obama, this is nice, he took a group of Republicans for dinner at a restaurant last night. And at the end of the meal, the President personally picked up the tab. ... Afterwards, Republicans said, Typical Democrat - spend, spend, spend. What is wrong with them? He picked up the tab. Took them to a nice Chinese restaurant. I actually dont know what kind of restaurant they went to. ... I thought it was Chinese, because we owe all the money to them. Its a way to make it back.North Korea has threatened to nuke the United States. ... Which begs the question, what the hell did Dennis Rodman say over there? Seriously. I dont know what he said.Despite all of the talk about budget cuts, I read today the Obamas dog, Bo, still travels with his own motorcade. Yeah. After hearing this, Vice President Joe Biden said, Wait, why am I still taking the train?You know, the tours of the White House were canceled? Did you hear that? After tours of the White House were canceled due to budget cuts, Donald Trump offered to pay for them. Yeah. All hes asking is they rename it the Trump White House and Casino - and gold plate it.President Obamas half-brother ran for political office in Kenya, lost, and has claimed electoral fraud. ... Or as Fox News abbreviated the story, Obama: Kenya Fraud.Scientists believe theyre on the verge of coming up with a new drug that could help people live to be 150. Yeah. No, its perfect for anyone who ever reached 100 years old and said Please, 50 more years of this!In Los Angeles, a former KFC has been turned into a medical marijuana clinic, and its all the same customers.News today, in Moscow. 90s action star Steven Seagal hung out with Russian President Vladimir Putin. ... The meeting lasted two hours and then went straight to DVD.Joe Biden in some hot water. You have heard about Joe Bidens mini-scandal? Its come out that during Joe Bidens recent night in Paris, he ran up a hotel bill of $585,000. Yeah. Apparently, Biden tried to order Wreck It Ralph over 1,000 times.Let me begin by saying Happy Passover, if theres anyone here who is of the Jewish faith. Last night...President Obama celebrated Passover by hosting a Seder at the White House. There was an awkward moment when Sasha asked, Hey, I thought we were Muslim? That didnt go over well.Bill Clinton now says he wishes he had supported gay marriage back when he was president. ... Clinton said at the time he was too busy campaigning for open marriage.A new poll came out - shows that 64% of New Jersey residents dont care about New Jersey Governor Chris Christies weight. Thats mostly because Chris Christie is 64% of New Jersey.North Korea threatened to launch a missile at South Korea, but North Korea backed down after South Korea threatened to launch a sequel to Gangnam Style.President Obamas working hard. Hes pushing his new budget plan. ... I dont know if you know this, but it calls for saving billions of dollars by selling off Federal properties. ... So folks, get ready for the Washington Monument brought to you by Cialis.There is good news for the Bush family. ... Over the weekend George W. Bush became a grandfather. ... Bush said, Im looking forward to being a grandfather, because you get to do all the fun stuff with none of the responsibility. Kind of like being president.Do you believe Dennis Rodman is still talking about Kim Jong-Un? ... When asked about the North Korean leader, Dennis Rodman said, He just wants to be loved. I dont know. ... Its not a good sign when the friend whos trying to explain that youre not crazy is Dennis Rodman.Today, though, speaking of North Korea, North Koreans celebrated the 101st birthday of their countrys founder, the late Kim Il Song. Yeah it was Kim Il Song who famously said, Lets have a crappy version of South Korea. We can do that.Dennis Rodman now claims the FBI wants to hire him as an informant. Yeah, which makes sense, because the first thing you want to do is to tell everyone youre an FBI informant.Last night, NPR was hacked by a group called the Syrian Electronic Army...which explains why for five seconds last night, NPR was exciting.President Obama working very hard to get his immigration bill passed. ... This is a true story. President Obama offered to wash senators cars if it would lead to an immigration bill. He did. He said, Ill wash your car. Senators then told Obama, If youre going to wash our cars, why do we need immigrants?President Obama said he did not know Jay-Z and Beyonce were taking a trip to Cuba. When he heard this, Bill Clinton was outraged and said the President should know where Beyonce is at all times! Its part of the job.Today, Senator Rand Paul, of course a big favorite for the tea party, suggested he may run for president in 2016, although his first choice would be to run for president in 1954.The other day, Supreme Court Justice Steven Breyer had shoulder surgery for an injury; he fell off his bike. It happened when the justice drifted a little too far to the left.The State Department released a list of the gifts that President Obama has received from foreign officials. ... Putin gave him vodka; Prince Charles gave him golf bags; and Kim Jong-Un re-gifted Dennis Rodman.Mitt Romney gave a commencement speech where he advised graduates to start a family before they turned 30. He also advised them to pay for it by inheriting millions of dollars.Former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is urging Congress to pass the immigration bill. ... Schwarzenegger said, I support the bill, just not the part about having to learn English.Former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is urging Congress to pass the immigration bill. ... He said there has to be a better way to bring a Hispanic into this country than by impregnating a housekeeper.President Obama has changed his mind. He decided to support the morning after pill being available over the counter. ... President Obama finally saw an episode of Teen Mom.PETA is really upset at Chris Christie for killing a spider in front of a group of school children. ... Governor Christie said, If PETAs upset by that, they do not want to know what I had for lunch today. Apparently Orb is missing.George W. Bushs nephew, George P. Bush, is running for office in Texas. Yeah, he says the P stands for Pretend youve never heard the name George W. Bush.A company is coming out with a beer drone - a beer drone to deliver beer to attendees at music festivals. ... And in a related story, everyones now fine with drones.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie revealed that he underwent a surgery that restricts the amount of food he can eat. As a result, 12 animals have been removed from the endangered species list.When asked if Hillary Clinton will run for president, Bill Clinton said, Shes having a little fun being a private citizen. Then he added, Not Bill Clinton-fun, but fun, nonetheless.A Texas man has fired the first ever gun created by a 3D printer. Which raises the question - dont you think a gun created by a printer would jam?New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says hes still adjusting after his surgery to reduce how much he can eat. He said, I now have six free hours a day I dont know what to do with. A lot of time on his hands.Snooki has come out and said shed like to be Chris Christies workout buddy. Yeah. Christie said, Thanks, but I already have a medicine ball.In South Carolina, former Governor Mark Sanford won a congressional seat after dragging around and debating a cardboard cutout of Nancy Pelosi. Then someone explained that was Nancy Pelosi.Bill Clinton is reportedly sick and tired of people asking him if Hillarys going to run for president. The other question hes tired of hearing is, where are your pants?Joe Biden speaking out in Rolling Stone magazine. Finally, that guy is talking. Hes so quiet. Its about time we heard what he has on his mind. In a new interview that just came out, Joe Biden says he spends four or five hours every day with President Obama. Yeah. In response, Obama said, Hiring that Obama impersonator was the best decision Ive ever made.Tough news for the Democratic Party. I dont know if youve heard about this, but since President Obama took office, the Democratic Party has lost nine governorships, 56 members of Congress and two Senate seats. Now, in his defense, Obama said, I did promise change.Man, President Obama in a lot of hot water lately. ... But hes still hanging in there despite everything. ... Despite the scandals, this is the latest: 53% of Americans say they approve of the job President Obamas doing. ... The other 47% are being audited.Now, a new report just came out. It says someone close to the President knew about the IRS scandal and kept his mouth shut. In other words, we can rule out Joe Biden.Over the weekend, President Obama spoke at a college commencement, and he told them, as an African-American, quote, I could have been in prison. Could have been unemployed. ... To which the Republican Party replied, Working on both.The NRA is holding a fundraiser for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. ... The NRA likes Chris Christie, because he has a lot of places to conceal a weapon. True story. Never know where it could be.England is sending the first British astronaut to the International Space Station. ... Hes the first astronaut looking forward to the food.A lot of people are criticizing President Obama lately. Michelle Obama - she recently said she could take a whole afternoon and talk about Baracks failures. She was immediately hired by Fox News.You remember Anthony Weiner. ... Last night at midnight, a big story, former Congressman Anthony Weiner officially announced in an online video that he is running for mayor of New York. Nothing says I put my sleazy past behind me like showing a video on the Internet at midnight.During a Senate hearing yesterday, Senator John McCain said it was too hard to always have to update apps on his iPhone. No one has the heart to tell him the device he was holding was a garage door opener.Its coming out that in high school, President Obama signed a girls yearbook by calling her sweet and foxy. ... Of course, now he calls her Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano. He didnt know.This week President Obama is going to be engaged in high-level talks with the president of China. ... Yes, President Obamas message to China is going to be, I swear well have the money for you by Tuesday.Its being rumored that Scarlett Johansson is going to play a young Hillary Clinton in a movie about Hillary Clintons life. ... And as a result, the part of the young Bill Clinton will be played by Bill Clinton. He volunteered.A new report says that Donald Trump has spent $1 million trying to figure out if he should run for president in 2016. ... Experts are already calling it the most expensive no.A new study just came out. Found that KFC sells 25 pieces of fried chicken a second. ... It was 50 pieces a second, but then Chris Christie had his stomach stapled.Last night at a fundraiser in Washington, First Lady Michelle Obama got into a heated face-to-face confrontation with a heckler who turned out to be a lesbian. ... After hearing this, Bill Clinton says this story just keeps getting hotter and hotter.Its come out that the government has been secretly collecting telephone records of millions of Verizon customers. Yeah, or as Verizon is calling it, The friends and family and Obama plan.Republican Florida Senator Marco Rubio will vote against his own immigration bill. In fact, hes now gone so far to the right, hes introducing a bill to deport himself.Due to recent sexual misconduct in the military, Senator John McCain is suggesting women avoid serving altogether. Yeah, McCain added, And if they really want to play it safe, they might also want to stop working and voting. Just a suggestion.According to a poll, the majority of Americans are OK with the Obama Administration listening in on our phone calls. Guys approve, because they feel it increases security. And women approve of Obamas policy, because finally a man is listening to them.More information coming out about the whistleblower, the guy who started this scandal, Edward Snowden. His girlfriend apparently is a pole dancer. I guess that settles the debate about whether or not hes a hero.House Speaker John Boehner called Eric Snowden a traitor. But only because he leaked the name of his tanning bed.Marco Rubio announced a new bill that would require immigrants to learn English to become citizens. Many Americans already say its the goodest news they have heard all year.(Referring to the NSA leak story) This government spy scandal is huge. Due to the government spy scandal, sales of the classic George Orwell book 1984 have skyrocketed. So, the fallout is worse than we thought - its making Americans read. Thats frightening.Immigration, also a big story. Senator Marco Rubio has proposed a measure requiring that all immigrants must know English. Opposing the bill are immigrant rights groups, civil rights advocates, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.Hispanic Senator Ted Cruz, who is fighting the immigration bill, described himself as Obamaphobic. You know you have Obamaphobia, if youll deport immigrants even though your last name is Cruz.Im excited this Sundays Fathers Day, because Im a dad. ... I dont know what Im getting yet. But I have a feeling the government knows.NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, everyone wants to know where he is. Now theyre saying hes been living in the Moscow airport for two days. Not because hes a fugitive, but because hes flying United.Today, President Obama personally called and talked to the two lesbians who helped legalize gay marriage in California. Yeah. It was awkward at first, because the women had to put Bill Clinton on hold. Apparently he calls them constantly.The next presidential election is still like three years away. Theyre already starting. ... Heres the latest: the Republicans are already trying to paint Hillary Clinton as too old to be president. In fact, the new ad claims shes so old, she could be a Republican.A new interview - former President George W. Bush called the immigration system broken. ... Bush said, And not just in this country. Other countries are filled with foreigners. Its unbelievable. We have to get them out.Justin Bieber got into a lot of trouble because a video surfaced of Justin Bieber saying F Bill Clinton. ? So, after the video surfaced, today Justin Bieber called to apologize to Bill Clinton. Thats the latest. No word on when Bieber plans to call everybody who has heard his music.President Obamas approval rating is down to 44 percent. You can tell Obamas getting desperate, because today he gave a speech entitled Hey, Guys, The Twinkies Coming Back, Next Week.Its been announced that this fall Chris Christie is going to guest star as himself in an upcoming prime time show. ... Its the premiere of the CBS spin off, How I Ate Your Mother.The first President Bush visited the White House yesterday. Former President George HW Bush gave Obama a pair of socks. ... President Obama thanked him and said, The last time I got a gift from the Republicans, it was Mitt Romney.Former Vice President Dick Cheneys daughter Liz has decided to run for the US Senate. ... Yeah, shes running on the slogan, Elect me or Ill make my dad Vice President again. She will win in a landslide.In a new interview about the New York elections, Eliot Spitzer - who, you remember, was caught frequenting prostitutes - described himself as a feminist. Yes, the famed interviewer, Anthony Weiner, describes himself as a photographer.The TSA just announced that passengers can pass through security without taking their shoes off, if they are willing to pay an extra $85. That explains the TSAs new motto: We Catch Terrorists Who Dont Have an Extra $85 on Them.The royal baby was officially welcomed with a 62-gun salute. Because if theres one thing babies love, its the sound of repeated artillery fire. Experts are predicting that the royal baby could pump $380 million into the British economy. $380 million. So, the question is, how do we get this kid to move to Detroit?President Obama has issued a statement about the royal baby. Even hes talking about it. ... He told him to hang on to the birth certificate. Those things come in handy.Anthony Weiner is in trouble again. After his initial sex scandal, Anthony Wiener sent out more, apparently more, explicit pictures online under the alias Carlos Danger. At a press conference, he said. This will never happen again or my name isnt Carlos Danger.Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, has purchased The Washington Post for $250 million. ... He said last night, like most Amazon customers, he was drunk and buying crap on the Internet he didnt need.This week, President Obamas speech was interrupted when the crowd began singing Happy Birthday. Isnt that nice? Yeah, in a related story, Joe Bidens speech was interrupted when the crowd realized the speaker was Joe Biden - true story.Michelle Obamas new initiative is to fight obesity through hip-hop. Yeah, going to fight obesity through hip-hop. She hopes it goes better than the previous initiative - fighting marijuana use through reggae. It didnt work out.Bill Clinton says he has nothing to do with Anthony Weiners campaign. ... Clinton said when it comes to political sex scandals, always be sure to look for the official Bill Clinton seal of approval. Thats how you know.At the Missouri State Fair, a rodeo clown put on a President Obama mask and tried to get a bull to chase him. ... But it backfired, because the bull sat down and said, Lets be fair and see what he does with his second term.As part of her anti-obesity campaign, first lady Michelle Obama is releasing a hip-hop album. ... The name of the album is Phat Beats for Phat Kids. First single is Get Ripped or Die Trying.The San Diego mayor has been accused of sexual harassment by 14 women. Now theres so many, a hotline has been established. ? The number is 1-800-HOW IS THIS GUY STILL MAYOR?According to a new poll, over 50 percent of New Yorkers say they wont vote for Anthony Wiener no matter what. ... The other 50 percent said theyre going to wait until they see all of the other candidates privates.Syria, thats a serious situation. Syrias leader, Assad, referred to Obama as weak. Obama is so angry, he plans to ask Congress for permission to come up with a good comeback. You wait right here. Ill be back.Last week, the Department of Justice said it will stop enforcing some Federal marijuana laws. ... The Department of Justice made the decision after someone brought in a batch of brownies.Sen. John McCain is under fire for being caught playing poker on his smart phone during a Senate hearing on Syria. ... Even worse, it was strip poker. That was the worst part. We saw much more of him than we want to see.Today, Syria agreed to a tentative plan to hand over all its chemical weapons to Russia. ... Vladimir Putin said, And those weapons better not be gay.Today, Russian President Vladimir Putin wrote an op-ed in the New York Times asking the US to be more civilized. Unfortunately, Putin couldnt go finish it, because he had to take his shirt off and arrest gay people.Joe Bidens niece was arrested. The hardest part about arresting a Biden is convincing them they have the right to remain silent.President Obama warned that the government could shut down in two weeks. ... Obama added, Not because of a budget impasse, but because well all be watching the last episode of Breaking Bad.In a recent interview that just came out, a former mistress of Bill Clinton said that Hillary Clinton is bisexual. Yeah, today Bill Clinton said, Its true. When I want sex, Hillary says bye.Today is Columbus Day. Finally, a chance for government workers to catch a break and stay home with their families.Were all in a good mood. Thats the important thing. And we should be in a good mood, ladies and gentlemen. As of what, Andy, like two, three hours ago, looks like Congress has finally made a deal to reopen the government. Now, if you want to know how this affects you, tomorrow the Washington Zoo panda cam is coming back online! Thats what were going to notice. Yeah, those pandas got fat!President Obama has said the day after the budget deal is made, hes going to concentrate on immigration. He says?he will start by deporting Ted Cruz.If there had been a debt default tomorrow, a top credit agency said it would have downgraded Americas triple-A rating. Downgraded it. Yeah, even worse, the Treasury Department had been flooded with offers to try the Discover Card. And they were thinking of doing it.Televangelist Pat Robertson shocked Republicans by telling them to accept defeat. Robertson said its time to get back to reality, blaming hurricanes on gay people.Today, John McCain said the shutdown was, quote, one of the most shameful things hes seen as a senator. Yeah, thats from a guy who saw Lincoln get shot.In a speech today, President Obama called for a new era of bipartisan cooperation. ... He said this because Obama likes to start off a speech with a joke.Yesterday, John McCain said the government shutdown was worse than the one in 95. 1795. He was 44 at the time, cleaning a musket for his son.After the shutdown debacle, the Tea Partys approval rating is 30%. In other words, its the first time the Tea Party has ever been supported by a minority.Last night, the House of Representatives stenographer had an epic meltdown, yelling about the Constitution, Freemasons, and Jesus Christ. So, it sounds like the Republicans have their 2016 presidential candidate.Today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie announced he would no longer oppose gay marriage. Thats right. Chris Christie said, How can I oppose anything that brings more cake into New Jersey?President Obama is urging Americans who are having trouble with the Obamacare website to sign up for healthcare by calling a 1-800 number. Yeah. The number is: 1-800-WE-DIDNT-THINK-THIS-THROUGH.Obamacare having a hard time. Colorados Obamacare website is trying to sell Obamacare to college kids by calling it Bro-surance. Unfortunately, the website wasnt working today because it was bro-broken.Some pundits are comparing President Obama pushing Obamacare to a late-night pitchman on an infomercial. Obama said, Thats not true, but dont take my word for it. Just ask some of these satisfied customers.Popularity of Congress at all-time low. According to recent poll - Im not making this up - Americans like head lice more than they like Congress.Finally, some good news for President Obama. About time he had good news. Despite all of the website problems, the approval rating for Obamacare has gone up. Thats a true fact, yeah. Unfortunately, I cant give you the exact number, because its listed on the Obamacare website.This is weird. Somebody in the White House used a fake Twitter account to send out hundreds of anti-Obama tweets. ... The account was immediately shut down, and Malia has been grounded.The Obamacare website is still having problems. They just announced it will not be accessible at night due to maintenance. Also, it will not be accessible during the day due to it sucking.Big news, big news, today, New Jersey re-elected governor Chris Christie. Thats right. Or as Christie put it, I came back for seconds.Hollywood producers are being asked to work the Affordable Care Act into television plots and movies. Yes. Which is why AMC has renamed it The Walking Dead, but Not Due To Pre-Existing Conditions.The new mayor of New York City is a progressive Democrat with an African-American wife who used to be a lesbian. Or as Fox News reported, The apocalypse is upon us.He is married to a woman who used to be a lesbian. True story. His campaign slogan: If I turned her around, imagine what I can do for New York City!This is fascinating. A 107-year-old veteran met with President Obama this morning. ... It was good to see President Obama finally getting along so well with John McCain.In a new interview today, Sarah Palin refused to endorse Chris Christie. ... Afterwards, Christie told Palin, Thanks, I owe you one.Many scam artists are trying to take advantage of the problems with the Obamacare website. Experts say you can tell its a scam site if it quickly and efficiently signs you up for healthcare.Former President Bill Clinton is calling on President Obama to honor the same healthcare policy. Clinton added, Unless a younger, hotter insurance policy comes along.No, I dont know if you saw this. Today, President Obama admitted that the healthcare roll-out was a fiasco. He blamed himself and he said, quote, Im not a perfect president. This explains why Fox News named him their employee of the month.More fun news about Torontos crack-smoking mayor. ? It just came out that Toronto Mayor Rob Ford spent St. Patricks Day snorting cocaine with a prostitute. As an Irish person, Im offended. St. Patricks Day is for drinking beer with a prostitute.Today, President Obama honored Bill Clinton with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Clinton thanked Obama, and asked, How much freedom are we talking here?Members of the Tea Party gathered outside the White House to demand President Obamas impeachment. The President said he appreciated their views, and he is setting up a new website where they can voice their opinion.Funny story out of the White House. ... At a White House holiday party, the Obamas dog, Sonny, reportedly knocked over a small child. Went up and knocked over a small child. So, although President Obamas approval rating is down to 40 percent, hes now number one on YouTube. The child is fine.Earlier today, Vice President Joe Biden arrived in South Korea to talk to the people there. Yeah, first time ever people from South Korea have tried to sneak into North Korea.Many world leaders gathering at Nelson Mandelas memorial in South Africa. Many leaders are congregating there to pay their respects. This is one of the gossipy items. Some are saying that while at the memorial, President Obama flirted with the female prime minister of Denmark right in front of Michelle Obama. Yeah, man, if President Obama felt like the flight to South Africa was long, can you imagine the way home? Thats going to be incredible.Heres the real interesting thing that happened at the memorial today. President Obama shook hands with Cuban dictator Raul Castro. ... Or as Fox News reported it, Foreign Communist Shakes Hands with the Leader of Cuba.President Obamas approval rating among 20-somethings has been plummeting, which is why now hes focusing on easing student debts and touring with Macklemore.A federal judge has ruled that President Obamas Kenyan uncle may remain in the United States. Yeah. The judge also ruled that President Obamas Kenyan uncle is an amazing name for a band.It looks like Hillary Clinton is going to run. The team behind both of the campaigns is already preparing for a Hillary Clinton run. And, yeah, theyre starting early, because they have to delete ten years of Bill Clintons browser history.NORAD said theyre going to be tracking Santa Claus this Christmas, as they always do. Then the NSA said, No need, we got him.Some political analysts are now saying the Tea Party and the Republicans are going through a political divorce. Yeah. All I can say, is I do not want to be around for the makeup sex.Critics are accusing President Obama of having attention deficit disorder. He responded to the accusation by saying, That is ridiculous. Look, a bird. No, just waiting.A member of Congress said that unemployment benefits basically pay people to not work. ... He said the only people who should be paid for not working are members of Congress.Some New Jersey Democrats have started an investigation to get Chris Christie out of the Governors mansion. And by Governors mansion, they mean the White Castle at exit eight.[Referencing the George Washington Bridge closing] Today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie gave his State of the State Address. Christie started the speech by saying, Sorry Im late, but I cant control the traffic.Today was big news. It was announced that President Obama is going to visit Pope Francis. Obama said he cant wait to tell the Pope, You know, they liked me a lot, too, that first year. Good times.Chris Christie busy dealing with his bridge scandal. Hes responded to the crisis by hiring the legal team of Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher. Team Christie typically works with Ben and Jerry. Hes a heavy man.A prominent gay conservative says hes leaving the Republican Party because he now believes it is intolerant. Friends describe the gay conservative as slow to notice things.Today, the George W. Bush Presidential Library started releasing classified documents from the Bush Administration. One of the documents shows we invaded Iraq because thats where George W. Bush thought Carmen San Diego was.Republican Party now worried, worried about Chris Christies viability as a candidate. ? Donald Trump said that Chris Christie is quote, One email away from disaster. Bill Clinton said, Arent we all?Carl Lewis said Chris Christie canceled a position for him after Lewis said something that Christie didnt like. ? When asked what he did that Christie didnt like, he said, A sit-up.In Washington, DC, the Federal government has had to shut down due to snow. ? Its being called the biggest shutdown since the Tea Party.The big story, despite his recent scandals, Chris Christie has some good news. He is getting a lot of support from New Jersey Hispanics. Some like his moderate conservatism. Others believe if you hit him, hell break open and spill out candy.A top Republican said Chris Christie should resign as chair of the Republican Governors Association. Yeah, he refused. He said, I made it a matter of principle to never get out of a chair.MSNBC has come under fire for creating its own Chris Christie attack ad. However, later it just turned out to be an ad for Jenny Craig.Last week, a New Jersey state Senator said he will introduce a bill to legalize marijuana in New Jersey. Today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie promised to veto it, saying, You do not want to see me get the munchies.President Obamas chief speechwriter said the President started working on his State of the Union address around Thanksgiving. Yeah. In a related story, today, Joe Biden finished giving a speech he started around Thanksgiving.A former speechwriter for George W. Bush accused President Obama of plagiarizing one of the speeches. He denied the claim, and so did his speechwriter, Shia Labeouf.In a new interview that just came out, Jerry Springer said that he would want President Obama as a son. In response, Obama said, Thanks, but Ill stick to not having a dad, ok? Im good.The Super Bowl this year will be played in Governor Chris Christies home state of New Jersey. Its a state that lately has gotten used to 300-pound guys blocking things.In California, an openly gay candidate is running for office as something called a new generation Republican. Yeah, or as theyre known in the rest of the country, a Democrat.Its been reported in the news that President Obama asked HBO for copies of the upcoming season of Game of Thrones. You know things are bad in this country when even the White House cant afford HBO.Two former members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot were detained by police in Sochi. If found guilty, they could sentenced to two weeks in a Sochi hotel room.Yesterday, President Obama apologized for saying a person with an art history degree doesnt earn a lot. He apologized, yeah. Then Obama turned to an art history major and ordered a tall frappuccino with soy.As an alternative to Obamacare, some Republicans are touting President Bushs 2007 plan, which theyre calling Bushcare. Now, Bushcare covers boo-boos, cooties, and ouchies.An initiative has been proposed that would divide California into six separate states. Yeah. The new states would include West California, Central California, and Kardashia.Everyone is wondering if Arizona will uphold the law discriminating against homosexuals. The NFL is warning Arizona, if they approve a bill that discriminates against gays, they may not get to host the next Super Bowl. And it may also hurt their chances of hosting the Tony Awards.Today, Washington, DC, voted to decriminalize marijuana. ... And were already seeing the effects at the Lincoln Memorial. The statue of Lincoln is now sitting on a beanbag chair.Because of Russias actions in Ukraine?President Obama is threatening them with economic sanctions. Thats the latest. Yeah. Obama said if Russia doesnt pull out of Kiev, were not going to let them borrow any of the money that we borrowed from China.The Democratic Party is reportedly trying to recruit more white men. Democrats want to recruit more white men to the party, which explains the new campaign slogan, Yay, khakis.The White House announced a change to Obamacare. They keep making adjustments. They announced a new change, saying people can now keep their own insurance plans for two more years. ... Instead of one, its two more years. ... When asked what would happen after two years, Obama said, After two years, I dont give a [expletive].According to a new rule, Secret Service agents can no longer drink alcohol 12 hours before reporting for duty. The rule came at the request of President Barack O-Buzzkill.The North Korean dictator is in the news again. Re-elected with 100 percent of the vote. He said, I havent been this happy since I scored 700,000 on the SATs.Analysts say that the key voting block that Democrats have to reach this year is unmarried women. When Bill Clinton was told, he said, Im on it, man.I heard?potential Republican [presidential] candidate Jeb Bush is married to an immigrant from Mexico. Interesting, fun fact. Yeah, so theyre taking our jobs and our Jebs.Yesterday, Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer mistakenly called 50 Cent a singing group. Meanwhile, Republicans called 50 cent a fair hourly wage.Florida passed a bill that allows gun owners to carry concealed weapons during a state of emergency. Yeah. By the way, a state of emergency in Florida includes hurricanes, earthquakes, and living in Florida.The FBI has reversed its policy and will now hire people who have smoked pot in the past three years. Yeah. When asked why, the FBI said, Because we couldnt find anyone who hasnt smoked pot.This week, Price Is Right fans were upset when the show was interrupted by a speech by President Obama, which is why today it was reported that Obamas approval rating has come on down.Speaking of the White House, the White House website has a new feature where you can go on a virtual tour of the White House. ? So far, the most popular destinations are the Lincoln Bedroom, the Bill Clinton bedroom, and the Hillary Clinton bedroom. They sleep separately.When asked about criticism from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Russian President Vladimir Putin said he doesnt like to argue with women. Yeah. Putin is either being a misogynist or, ladies, hes the perfect catch.After the recent prisoner exchange, Obamas approval rating with Americans has fallen to its lowest point so far. On the bright side, his approval rating with the Taliban is through the roof.A tea party candidate?won Virginias Republican primary, mostly on his anti-immigration stance. Yeah, his first plan is to change the states slogan from Virginia is for lovers to Virginia is for lovers who habla English.Texas Senator Ted Cruz yesterday renounced his Canadian citizenship. He had dual citizenship. ... Canada, we took Ted Cruz back, so now you take back Justin Bieber.George H.W. Bush turned 90 today and he celebrated by going skydiving. Isnt that cool? ... So, if you include Obama, there were two presidents in free fall today.Tough times for President Obama right now. President Obamas approval rating in the US is at its lowest point ever, 41 percent. ? After hearing this, the President said, When did I become less popular in this country than soccer? How did that happen.Political analysts are saying Hillary Clinton should stop telling people shes poor. They also said that Bill Clinton should stop telling people hes single.Yesterday, speaking of political figures, Michelle Obama said she wants Americans to elect a woman president as soon as possible. Yeah, she said it should happen, quote, as soon as possible. So even shes had enough of President Obama.Germany won [the World Cup], but theyre still mad at us for spying on them, and theyre considering going back to using typewriters to avoid being spied on now. ... Its never good news when Germany says, Were going to go back to our old ways.John Boehner is blaming President Obama for the border crisis. ... Boehner is also blaming Obama for global warming, tensions in the Middle East, and the latest Transformers movie.First Lady Michelle Obama and former First Lady Laura Bush came together today to promote education. ? Mrs. Obama called for educating girls in the developing world, while Mrs. Bush said she would settle for educating my husband.After attacking President Obamas foreign policy, Hillary Clinton now says she wants to hug it out. When he heard this, Bill Clinton told the President, Take it from me. Youre not going to get any more than that.Everyones talking about a possible feud between President Obama and Hillary Clinton. ? At a book signing, Hillary Clinton denied any friction with President Obama. Bill Clinton heard this and said, Thats not the first time shes denied friction with the President.Big day for Bill Clinton, yesterday. You know what it was? Yesterday was Bill Clintons birthday. Hillary yelled, Surprise! And, out of habit, Bill yelled, I can explain!But, history was made. For the first time ever, a black, Republican woman has been elected to Congress. President Obama gave her a congratulatory call and told her, Youre all set. This country never turns against the first black anything.Yesterday, Washington, DC, voted to legalize recreational marijuana. President Obama said, And after these midterms, thank God.[Referring to Clay Aiken] The former American Idol star lost his election to Congress. Apparently, his supporters thought they could vote by texting Ryan Seacrest.President Obama has been in China for a couple days. People in China criticized President Obama for chewing gum while entering the economic summit in Beijing, and theyre saying he looked like a rapper. Then again, to be fair, in China, I look like a rapper.At the economic summit in China, Vladimir Putin is being accused of flirting with the First Lady of China. Then again, Putin does have a history of not respecting boundaries.The Secret Service said there have been 40 fence-jumping incidents at the White House in the past five years. Half of them were intruders trying to get in. The other was President Obama trying to get out.Its true, Pope Francis announced that next year he is coming to the United States, or as Fox News is reporting it, Obama lets in yet another guy from South America.President Obama has recently pledged three billion dollars to aid poor nations. All three billion is going to the United States.President Obama will announce his new immigration plan. Obamas favorite part of his new immigration plan is that he gets to immigrate to another country, because hes tired of this.Analysts say his new immigration plan will focus on deporting violent criminals. Yes, thats good. So, this could impact your fantasy football team.Tonight, President Obama is giving a major speech on immigration, and the speech will be immediately followed by the Latin Grammys. Thats true. Under Obamas plan, the winners of the Latin Grammys can stay in the country. The losers will be deported.Today is Joe Bidens birthday. Happy birthday to the Vice President. The Vice Presidents friends surprised him with a cake, but his thank you speech was so long, the stripper inside it fell asleep. Shes still there now. Her names Tawny.I dont know if you heard but?this is official today - China has surpassed the US now as the number one economy in the world. Yeah. After hearing this, Chinas children asked, So now can we take a lunch break?This morning President Obama met with Britains Prince William in the Oval Office. It was a meeting between a symbolic ruler with no real power and the future King of England.A little bit of an embarrassing moment for President Obama. During his speech on immigration yesterday, President Obama quoted a verse from the Bible that doesnt exist. Yeah, apparently Jesus never said, Im all about that bass.The Justice Department ruled that Native American tribes are allowed to grow and sell marijuana on reservations. Grow and sell marijuana. This decision was hailed as a victory by Native American leader Giggling Eagle.A reporter recently asked Governor Rick Perry if he thought he was smart enough to be president. Perry said, Hey, I was smart enough to be elected president of Texas, wasnt I? I think so.[Referring to torrential rains and flooding in California] At least 150,000 people in San Francisco were left without power. Of course, people in San Francisco without power are usually called Republicans.The new Congress is 80 percent white, 80 percent male, and 92 percent Christian, yet the most diverse Congress in history. Yes. Kind of like that time two black guys showed up at a Mumford and Sons concert.Seventy-four-year-old Senator Barbara Boxer announced she will not run for re-election in 2016. Yeah, when I saw the headline 74-year-old Boxer, I assumed we were making another Rocky movie.People [are] referring to Mitt Romneys possible presidential run as Mitt 3.0. Coincidentally, Mitt 3.0 is the name of Romneys third son.Possible Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee slammed the Obamas for letting their daughters listen to Beyonce. Huckabee said, My kids chill to Nicki Minaj.The tea party congressman?who sent a tweet that compared President Obama to Adolf Hitler has now apologized. Not helping is that he apologized to Hitler. I think missed the point of that one.After the State of the Union Address?President Obama plans to sit down with three YouTube celebrities. Yeah, its never been done. Thats right, the President is going to have lunch with a cat, a bear and a water-skiing squirrel.Just days after Mitt Romney suggested he might run for president, theres been a backlash. ... The backlash is led by Jeb Bush, Mike Huckabee, and just to hedge his bets on every issue, Mitt Romney. Likes to cover his bases.It was a historic State of the Union address. Last night, President Obama made history by using the words transgender, lesbian, and bisexual in that speech. Yeah, it was the part of the speech where he was just starting to read Craigslist personals.This week Hillary Clinton tweeted, The earth is round, the sky is blue and vaccines work. ... In response, Mike Huckabee said, She lost me at the earth is round. Lets see some proof on that.House Speaker John Boehner said the Republican Party will no longer stand in the way of gay marriage. True story. Yeah. Then Boehner said, Now can I go to Elton Johns Oscar party?Republicans in Congress have unveiled a new alternative to ObamaCare. ... Its called dying.Yesterday during his speech on national security, Jeb Bush mispronounced Boko Haram and got confused between Iran and Iraq. Yeah. When reached for comment, his brother, George W., said, He sure sounds presidentiary to me.Hillary Clinton is in trouble for conducting State Department business on private email. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton is in trouble for conducting all his business on Snapchat.Last week, Jeb Bush said he supports a path to citizenship for immigrants. He said, I believe in an America where hard work and dedication can lead to any job that your brother and dad once had.Texas Senator Ted Cruz said if elected president, he would abolish the Department of Education. Yeah. He promised to replace it with the less expensive Bureau of Book Learning.March Madness has begun. Heres the latest. President Obama apparently filled out his March Madness bracket. ... You can tell Obamas mind is elsewhere, because his top two picks were Israel and Iran.President Obama has decided he wants his presidential library to be in Chicago, not Hawaii. Yeah, today Hawaiis governor said, Great, whos going to want to come to Hawaii now?During a recent interview with Playboy?Dick Cheney said that President Obama is the worst president in his lifetime. Meanwhile, subscribers to Playboy said Cheney was the worst centerfold in their lifetime.This is a big story. In addition to Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton, its rumored that Al Gore is gearing up for a presidential run. ... When asked why, Gore said, Because I also have a last name from the 1990s. I thought, might as well jump in.President Obama has suggested the idea of making voting mandatory for all Americans. Everyone would have to vote. Then Obama watched two minutes of Duck Dynasty and said scratch that.One of the first to announce, Texas Senator and tea party favorite Ted Cruz, announced hes running for president. Yeah, he pledged to lead America boldly forward into the late 1950s.Ted Cruz just released a presidential campaign video and its in Spanish. Cruz said, Its important for me to reach out to the people Im trying to deport.Jeb Bush may announce soon. Jeb Bushs brother, George, and his mother, Barbara, are helping with his fundraising efforts. Its all in keeping with Jeb Bushs campaign slogan, Jeb Bush, I am my own man.Looks like President Obama and Hillary Clinton are getting along. Isnt that nice? For a while there, there was tension. Now theyre getting along. This week, President Obama and Hillary Clinton met for one hour behind closed doors. They spent three minutes discussing the 2016 campaign and the rest of the time watching the finale of Empire.Tea party president candidate Ted Cruz just signed up for Obamacare. And next week, he plans to get gay-married at a Planned Parenthood.The ex-governor of Maryland, Martin OMalley, said, quote, The presidency of the United States is not some crown to be passed between two families. Jeb Bush said, Thats true. It should really just belong to one family. I think we should just keep it.A lot of anger over Indianas law that many say discriminates against gay people. Earlier today, NASCARs chief communications officer said that NASCAR is disappointed in Indianas religious freedom law. So, do you hear that Indiana - youre not progressive enough for NASCAR.Indianas Governor Mike Pence said the new law is not a license to discriminate against gays. He said think of it as more of a learners permit.Today was the annual Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn. Usually when you see something rolling on the White House lawn, its a drunk Secret Service agent.Sort of an embarrassing revelation of Jeb Bush. Its been found out that he listed himself on his voter registration card as Hispanic. When asked why, Jeb said it was the only way he could vote for the Latin Grammys.Tea Party Senator Rand Paul revealed that his presidential campaign slogan is Defeat the Washington machine, unleash the American Dream. Let me introduce his speech writer, Eminem.Election officials say that in 2016, it may be possible to vote for the president on your smartphone. Can you imagine that? Yeah, with one quick swipe you can choose a president and tell him or her exactly where you want to hook up.The top 15 contenders for the Republican nomination own at least 40 guns among them. ? In other words, if we elect a Republican president, nobody is hopping over the White House fence ever again. The president will shoot them.Former Vice President Dick Cheney has a new book coming out that slams President Obama. You can buy the book from Amazon or download the electronic version directly from Cheneys heart.Presidential candidate Rand Paul said Mitt Romneys defeat proves that safe candidates cannot win and a candidate needs to take big chances. Thats what he said. ... Just about an hour ago, Rand Paul announced his running mate will be Suge Knight.In a recent interview, Michelle Obama said that the Secret Service taught Malia how to drive. ... In exchange, Malia taught the Secret Service how to throw a party when her parents are away.Yesterday, Hillary Clinton made the big announcement we all knew was coming. Thats right, shes going to join the all-female cast of Ghost Busters. I would have loved it if that had been her announcement.Hillary Clinton is now driving from New York to Iowa. Its been called the least exciting spring break trip in history.People are already trying to figure out what to call Bill Clinton if Hillary is elected president. So far the most popular choices are the first man, the first husband, and that naked guy running across the South Lawn.Marco Rubio is running for president. Fun fact - Marco Rubios wife is a former Miami Dolphins cheerleader. In other words, she knows how to generate fake enthusiasm for someone whos not going to win.Its been reported that Florida Senator Marco Rubio graduated high school with a 2.1 grade point average. Or as thats called in Florida, graduating with honors.Over the weekend, President Obama had an historic meeting with Cubas Raul Castro. The two met. Yeah, the two didnt plan to meet, but you never know who youre going to bump into at Coachella.Yesterday, in Ohio, Hillary Clinton popped into a Chipotle, and she ordered a burrito bowl with chips and salsa. And on her way out, she said, That locks down the Hispanic vote.Hillary Clinton is trying an entirely different approach with Iowa than the one she tried eight years ago when she lost there. Shes trying something else. One thing, shes not going to start speeches by saying, Hello, Iowa, or Idaho or whichever one you are. Didnt go well for her.Marco Rubio announced his candidacy two days ago. ? In his lifetime, Marco Rubio has identified himself as a Mormon, a Catholic, and a Baptist. Yeah. Rubio plans to address questions about exactly what his religious beliefs are this Saturday at his bar mitzvah.Governor Chris Christie says if hes president, he will crack down on the sale of marijuana. However, that was before he was told it also comes in a brownie.Speaking of income, Hillary Clinton in the news. Shes making income inequality a central theme in her campaign. ... For example, today she pointed out that her husband makes $300 million a year. She has to get by on $200 million a year and thats not fair.In last weeks interview, Bruce Jenner said hes a woman who is transitioning his body from male to female, and hes also a conservative Republican. Bruce said he looks forward to bashing Obamacare as soon as he finishes using it.It was reported one-in-four Americans didnt exercise at all this past year. When he heard this, Chris Christie said, Hey, maybe I could be president! I could lead these people!The Supreme Court is now hearing arguments on gay marriage. Interesting, true story - during Supreme Court arguments on same-sex marriage today, one of the conservative justices opposed it on the grounds that they didnt have gay marriage in ancient Greece. As a result, the Supreme Court has now banned electricity, sushi and pants for men. Pants for men are gone.In a speech yesterday, presidential hopeful Jeb Bush said that he is living, quote, the immigrant experience. Jeb Bush said that - the immigrant experience. Hes living it, yeah. Jeb was unable to finish his remarks because just then he jumped in the back of a truck to go build a guys deck.Hillary Clinton has come out in favor of body cams. ... Not for police, for husbands.A new presidential poll reveals Democrats have the edge among voters under 30. ... Good news for Republicans is that theres only six people under 30 who actually vote, so probably wont make a difference.The latest rumor in Washington is that Tipper Gore prepared herself for the year 2000 campaign by having a face-lift.  Thats what theyre saying.  And not only that, word has it that Al Gore has prepared himself for the year 2000 campaign by having himself repaneled.ABC aired the famous Barbara Walters interview with Monica Lewinsky. ...  And in case you didnt see it, it was very exciting, because at the end of the interview, President Clinton showed up, and they had a threesome."I didnt even know she had a book, but Monica Lewinsky wrote a book, and it goes on sale tomorrow.  The cover price is $24.95, which is pretty steep.  Yeah, on a positive note though, $2 from every book will go towards having the President neutered. Bill Maher: The big Monica Lewinsky interview with Barbara Walters.  And to answer the big question, yes, Barbara did make her cry.  Not with a question.  She just ate the last buffalo wing."Monica Lewinskys book came out in bookstores yesterday. ...  And when asked about it, President Clinton said, for old times sake, he plans on keeping a copy under his desk. Jesse Jackson told reporters.he is not planning on running for President next year.  Not going to do it.  Thats right.  Yeah.  Says the job has changed a lot and he doesnt think he can handle the pressures of dating.Today is the one-year anniversary of the Food and Drug Administrations approval of Viagra.  One-year anniversary.  Thats right.  Yeah, its also the one-year anniversary of Elizabeth Dole not getting any sleep.Today, the Russian Parliament announced that theyre considering impeaching Boris Yeltsin.  Theyre going to impeachment him. Yeah, and apparently, if the impeachment goes through, theyre gonna have a bouncer throw him out of the Kremlin.Bob Dole -- you know, his wife is -- says shes gonna run for president.  We think shes gonna run.  Bob Dole said he is going to remain in the background during his wifes campaign.  That was his quote. Of course, because of Viagra ,part of him will remain in the foreground.Today, TV minister Pat Robertson launched a new reader-friendly translation of the Bible that uses more accessible language.  Its got modern words in it.  Thats right, yeah, for instance, the word begat is replaced by the phrase got it on.Yesterday, Vice President Al Gores staff threw him a surprise birthday party.  Isnt that nice?  Yeah, apparently, he was so moved, he almost moved.Scientists say that the other day -- this is a big announcement -- Dolly the cloned sheep gave birth to triplets that were conceived the old- fashioned way.  Thats right.  And, of course, by conceived the old- fashioned way, they mean President Clinton.Apparently, because of the NATO assault on Serbia -- did you know this -- the ratings for CNN and MSNBC have increased by over 100%?  Theyve doubled.  Isnt that amazing? ... Thats right, yeah.  In fact, the only way those stations could get higher ratings is if NATO bombed Monica Lewinsky.Yesterday, Republican candidate George W. Bush announced that his dad is going to start campaign fundraising for him.  Thats right.  And not only that, Republican candidate Dan Quayle announced that his dad is gonna start letting him use the riding lawn mower.Theres an uproar in Washington right now because a beaver has been causing extensive damage to the citys historic trees.  Did you know this?  A beaver is on the loose in that town and, folks, as a result, officials have beefed up security around Al Gore.Dan Quayle is going to formally announce hes running for president during a speech at his hometown high school. Thats right. Yeah, folks, I would mention the name of Quayles high school, but thats not fair to the seniors there who are trying to get into college.Monica Lewinsky is promoting her book in Europe, and next week, shes going to appear on the Today show.  Thats right.  Yeah, its all part of the Nobody Cares Anymore tour.Its been reported that Boris Yeltsin recently bought a multimillion- dollar mansion in the south of France.  Thats right.  True story. ... Yeltsin realized he had several million dollars when he got the deposit back on his empties.It was reported today that President Clinton gave $100,000 to charity last year.  Isnt that nice? $100,000.  Thats right.  Yeah, he may get into trouble, though, cause most of it was in tips to waitresses at Hooters.Well, I dont know if youve heard the latest, but big story, Dan Quayle declared himself a presidential candidate yesterday and -- thats not -- no, thats not the joke, everybody.  When people are laughing at that part, you know you got a problem.No, Dan Quayle declared himself a presidential candidate yesterday, and he pledged in his speech to put an end to the dishonest decade of Bill Clinton and Al Gore. Thats what he said in his speech.  Yeah, but then.several people explained to Quayle that eight years is not a decade.Speaking of the presidential election, it was reported today that Hillary Clinton is writing a book about how the Clintons entertain at the White House.  Shes gonna write a book.  Yeah, and not only that, but President Clinton said hes writing the chapter entitled Hot Tubs."A group of scientists in Washington.have discovered the largest bacteria ever identified.  Not surprisingly, it was on a couch in the Oval Office."Pamela Anderson Lee told friends that she had her breast implants removed because she was sick of being known as a person with monstrous mammaries. Thats what she told friends.  Which means.that that title now reverts to its former owner, Ted Kennedy.I dont know if you heard this, folks, but a brand-new book is coming out, and it claims that Al Gore smoked a lot of pot in college.  Smoked a lot of pot.  True story.  Yeah.  Apparently, you could tell when Gore was really high, cause hed stand motionless, stare straight ahead and speak in a dull monotone.I dont know if youre aware, but yesterday, Hillary Clinton was principal for a day at a New York City Middle School.  Thats what she did.  Yeah, and apparently the kids loved it cause they could all fool around and she had no idea anything was going on.It was reported today that Martha Stewart has contributed a lot of money to Al Gores campaign.  Shes given Gore a ton of money.  And not only that, shes also given Gore tips on how to bring out his rich mahogany finish.President Clinton is in trouble again. .  In a Washington courtroom yesterday, Kathleen Willey, you remember her, shes been sort of accusing the President for a while.  Kathleen Willey testified that in 1993, President Clinton touched her breasts, kissed her on the mouth and put his hands up her dress.  Yeah, and when asked about it this morning, President Clinton said, I have to admit, that does sound like me. Speaking of politics, Year 2000 race heating up.  And in Detroit yesterday, Al Gore made a speech concerning the future of the American auto industry. Thats right.  Yeah, reportedly Gore made one slip when he referred to cars as, My fellow machines. Apparently, one of the Kosovo refugees had a baby shortly after arriving in the US, and, folks, as a result, the parents decided to name the baby America. Isnt that nice?  Thats right.  Yeah, they named him America cause they hoped the baby will grow up to watch TV all day and have poor math skills.Virgin Airlines, folks, is redesigning the cabin of one of their airplanes with, get this, shag carpeting, loud colors and lava lamps.  Yeah, apparently the idea to make the plane an exact replica of Air Force One.In a speech yesterday, Elizabeth Dole, who they say is going to run for president.told supporters that she is opposed to the use of concealed weapons.  Thats what she said. In fact, she said shes even gone so far as to hide her husbands Viagra.Its reported in the paper today that during a recent round of golf, get this, President Clinton hit such a bad tee shot that he broke his driver in half.  He split his driver.  Yeah.  And witnesses say the ball was hit so far off course, they thought it was launched by NATO.For the first time since the accidental bombing of the Chinese embassy, the premier of China says he would accept one of President Clintons phone calls.  Isnt that good news?  He will accept a phone call. Yeah.  Although the Chinese leader said he would hang up if there was the first sign of heavy breathing.A group of psychologists claimed that they have discovered 23 different body language indicators that show whether or not a person is lying.  You can tell, apparently, yeah.  And, folks, if youd like to see all 23 at the same time, they recommend taking a White House tour.Last night, President Clinton, he got the election news (from Isreal), and he telephoned both the newly elected Prime Minister, Ehud Barak, and he also telephoned the losing incumbent, Bibi Netanyahu.  He made sure he got the both of them.  And, apparently, according to the papers, Clinton told Barak, I look forward to working with you. And at the told Netanyahu, Ill miss your wife.In a speech today, Dan Quayle angrily denounced lawyers who sue schools.  Yeah, he denounced them.  Which is really surprising, because if anyone should have sued his school, its Dan Quayle.I got some political news I wanna share with you.  It seems a little strange, but Jesse The Body Ventura, we all know and love him.  Jesse The Body Ventura says that if Colin Powell runs for president with Ventura as his running mate, they would be unbeatable. Thats what he said.  Yeah, and actually, though, it might be tougher than he thinks, because Al Gore says that his running mate is gonna be that guy that teaches Tae-Bo.Former President George Bush is in the news. Have you heard what hes gonna do? George Bush said that for his 75th birthday, hes gonna jump out of a plane and land on the grounds of his presidential library.  Thats what hes gonna do.  Yeah, and after hearing about it Dan Quayle said, Thats crazy.  Id never go near a library.Dan Quayle -- thank God hes in the news.  Dan Quayle has an interesting quote.  Dan Quayle said that when he and Al Gore debate in the 2000 election, Gore is gonna be asked to explain why President Clinton ruined the White House. .  Yeah, meanwhile Quayle will be asked to explain why Jack and Jill went up the hill.A report released yesterday -- did you read about this -- says that Chinese spies have been stealing highly classified US secrets for the past 25 years.  Did you hear about this?  For 25 years, the Chinese have been stealing our top secrets.  Yeah, in fact, China knew way back in 1984 that Ellen Degeneres was gay.Yesterday was Mayor Giulianis birthday, and he had a big birthday party. .  And at the party, this sounds fun, he had a topless woman jump out of a cake, and then he had her arrested. The mayor of Hermosa Beach, California, is proposing a new law that would make it legal for women in that town to walk around topless.  . And in a related story -- President Clintons plan to move to New York is on hold.The heat wave has caused a lot of problems all over the East Coast.  Have you heard about this? In fact, today, I dont know if you know, but they had to shut down Washington, DC, because Janet Reno put on a tube top.  She got it from Ted Kennedy.JFK Jr. is in the news.  Speaking of electoral politics, hes written an article proposing that Americans should be allowed to vote for president over the Internet.  Thats his idea.  Yeah, thats right.  And, folks, if it happens, it will be a very close race between George W. Bush and Alyssa Milano.Will Smith said that, if he wanted to, he could be elected president of the US.  Thats what he said.  Thats right.  In a related story, Al Gore said that, if he wanted to, he could get jiggy with it.The female wrestler Sable -- I dont know if you know her -- but the female wrestler Sable, have you heard this?  Shes suing the World Wrestling Federation cause she says the sport has become obscene, titillating and vulgar.  Thats right.  Thats what she said.  Yeah.  And a -- yeah, later -- later, she apologized and said she got wrestling confused with the Clinton Administration.This is big news in the world of archaeology, gotta share it with you.  Yesterday, archaeologists announced theyve discovered human footprints that are 27,000 years old.  Isnt that amazing?  27,000-year-old human footprints.  Yeah, and, apparently, the footprints lead from Strom Thurmonds bed to the bathroom.Yesterday, President Clinton.he began a tour of some of the poorest regions in the country. Thats right. And in a speech today, the President said, We have to do something about these areas so we can start holding fund-raisers here.Presidential candidate George W. Bush is in the news. Yeah George W.  Bush disclosed recently that he made $18 million last year. Thats right.  And after hearing about it, Steve Forbes said, See, the guys a loser.Its so hot in New York, Hillary Clinton has changed her mind -- shes now running for Senate in Maine.Hillarys going on her listening tour, her listening tour. She should have been listening outside the door of the Oval Office.According to a report on the Internet, each of the TV networks has turned down a chance to make a movie about the life of Hillary Clinton. I mean, I think shes important, but apparently the networks dont.  However, that could change if she does something notable, like shoot Mary Buttafuco in the head. Then theres a movie.Earlier today it was announced Hillary Clinton has formed an official exploratory committee, the first step towards running for Senate from the state of New York. Clinton says she wants to become familiar with all parts of the state including New York City, the rural areas, and New Jersey.If Hillary does run, she would be the first First Lady in history to run for elective office. That is if you dont count Nancy Reagans unsuccessful bid for mayor of bitch town.A group of Democrats in Ohio is trying to get Jerry Springer to run for Senate. Did you know about this? True story, yeah. And when asked about it, Springer said that if there is a seat available, hell consider hitting someone over the head with it.When President Clinton confessed to Hillary about his affair with Monica Lewinsky, she slapped him. Yeah, then out of habit, he paid her $50.To honor the President, city officials in -- have you heard about this -- city officials in Little Rock, Arkansas, have renamed a street President Clinton Avenue. Isnt that nice? Theyve renamed a street for him? I thought that was sweet. Yeah, of course, now that its been named for President Clinton its gone from being a two-way street to a three-way.I dont know if you saw the news yesterday, but at a press conference yesterday, President Clinton was talking to the press and he said something very interesting. He said he was looking forward to leaving office and becoming Joe Citizen. That was his quote. He wants to leave office and become Joe Citizen, which actually makes sense, because Joe Citizen is the alias he uses when he decks into motels.Monica Lewinsky -- you probably heard about this -- Monica Lewinsky suffered minor cuts and scrapes. Shes fine now, but she suffered minor cuts and scrapes after her car overturned on the highway. Thats right. And, afterwards, Monica was quoted as saying, Great, I ruined another dress. In a new interview, Hillary Clinton said that President Clintons infidelity is due to growing up in a dysfunctional family. Yeah. Yeah, and Hillary said that, also, he likes the booty.The other day -- true story -- a spokeswoman for the White House said that, recently, shes seen a return of passionate physical contact between the President and Hillary Clinton. She has actually witnessed this, true story. Yeah, although she did admit that the only reason she saw this is because President Clinton asked her to watch.Its been reported that Dan Quayles campaign is almost completely out of money. Thats right. And listen to this. Listen to this -- after hearing about it, Quayle said, Is that bad?It looks like Congress is going to pass a law that protects a womans right to breast feed on Federal property. And, folks, as usual, President Clinton immediately accused Congress of not going far enough.Earlier this week, I guess to get some publicity, Al Gore -- Al Gore hired a guide and climbed Mt. Rainier. Did you hear about that? -- He climbed -- which is one of the tallest mountains in America. He climbed it.  Yeah, and then -- this was too good -- when they got to the top of the mountain, the guide stuck Gore in the summit and then escorted the flag back down.Kathie Lee Gifford has been spotted being extremely rude to flight attendant, and people are speculating its because her husband had an affair with one. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah. Yeah, which explains why Hillary Clinton is rude to every woman on the planet.I dont know if youve heard this, but you all know Hillary Clinton is getting ready to run for Senate in New York. Did you know that? Why does this have the feeling of a sixth-grade geography class right now? You pay attention now, you kids!It was in the paper today. Ladies and gentlemen, Hillary Clinton is considering buying a seven-bedroom home in suburban New York. Thats right. Thats right. Also, it was reported, Hillary will use one bedroom, and her husband will use the other six.Over the weekend, in suburban New York, the President and Hillary Clinton went house hunting. Did you know that? Theyre looking for a house. They went house hunting. And, reportedly, she really wants a formal living room. And he really wants a back staircase that doesnt creak.Over the weekend, in the Republican straw poll in Iowa, Dan Quayle came in eighth. True story. Yeah, and when asked about it, Quayle said, I didnt expect to win, Im just happy I finished in the top five.Today, at a press conference, George W. Bush shouted at reporters for asking him whether or not he ever used cocaine. He got really mad. Yeah, and afterwards, a spokesman apologized for Bushs behavior and said, Im sorry, hes a little bit wired.The other day, Hillary Clinton spoke to Michael Bolton on the phone. Thats not the joke. ... Hillary Clinton spoke to Michael Bolton on the phone, and Michael Bolton told Hillary he would do anything to help her Senate campaign. Yeah. So Hillary immediately asked Michael Bolton to endorse Mayor Giuliani.Earlier today -- true story -- George W. Bush said that he hasnt done any illegal drugs since 1974. Thats what he said. He said that. Thats right. True statement. Yeah, and, Bush said he is sure of the date because he has absolutely no recollection of 1973.Today is President Clintons birthday. Thats nice. Thats right, yeah, the President said, I got a lot of birthday kisses, but none where I wanted them.It was in the paper today. President Clinton is the most traveled President in US history because as of now he has traveled to 58 different countries. Isnt that something? Thats right. And apparently - apparently, hes not allowed back in any of them."A computer hacker from Washington State was charged with causing $40,000 worth of damage to Vice President Al Gores Website. He tampered with it and caused $40,000 worth of damage. And whats worse -- whats worse, the hacker did so much damage, technicians had to stop and reboot Al Gore.David Letterman : An enormous blockbuster show business deal took place yesterday. Viacom, big, huge, multidimensional show business conglomerate, has purchased CBS for $38 million, Im sorry, billion. This means the Viacom/CBS partnership is now the second-largest entertainment partnership in the United States. The first largest, of course is Bill and Hillary Clinton.""It was reported today that the Secret Service has installed a $1 million security system to the President and Hillarys new home in suburban New York. A million-dollar system. Thats right, Ill tell you about it. The security system includes bulletproof windows, floodlights and an alarm that goes off whenever Hillary is on her way home.David Letterman : Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York... is getting a face lift. . And to pay for it, shes already accepting illegal contributions."I dont know if you heard this -- but the Miss America Pageant may be postponed due to Hurricane Floyd. And everyone connected to the pageant may have to be evacuated. Its a true story, yeah. Thats right, yeah. Amazingly -- amazingly, all 51 contestants have been offered shelter at the White House.On Sunday, presidential candidate Bill Bradley turned the tables on Sam Donaldson, asking Donaldson if he had ever done illegal drugs. Did you hear about that? . It was a very weird thing, it was a weird moment. Yeah, and Donaldson denied doing illegal drugs, but he did admit his hair has been on a month-long crack bender.The candidates are starting to do really strange things to try and get attention. And this is true. When I first heard it, I thought, Well, that cant be right. But apparently, it was in the newspaper that presidential candidate Elizabeth Dole -- Bob Doles wife -- walked through Hurricane Floyd last week. She walked completely through Hurricane Floyd, like at the height of the storm. All the wind and everything. 100 mile an hour winds, buffeting her. She walked through the storm, just so she can shake hands with a couple of voters. Well, she did that. And people are like, What are you doing? Thats crazy. And apparently, afterwards, her exact quote was, I havent been hit by anything that hard since my husband started taking Viagra.Rudy Giuliani is threatening to stop funding an art museum in Brooklyn because its exhibit features animal dung, human blood and rotting corpses. Giuliani said, Hey. If people want to see stuff like that, they can take the subway.Yesterday presidential candidate George W. Bush unveiled his plan to modernize the military. Under Bushs plan, all military aircraft would come with the bumper sticker, Id rather be partying.This week, the Clinton Administration announced theyre launching a major lawsuit against the tobacco industry. But heres the problem. The White House says President Clinton still hasnt kicked his cigar habit. They are saying this is very hypocritical. . Clinton said, Trust me. You cant get cancer the way I use a cigar.Yesterday Hillary Clinton, who is, you know, running for office here in New York -- Hillary Clinton said that a controversial exhibit at the Brooklyn Art Museum is offensive, but she doesnt think it should be shut down. Thats what she said. Yeah. Then she said the same thing about her husbands Internet use.President Clinton spoke to a group of religious leaders yesterday about all the trouble that hes been through over the last year, all the problems he had in the last year. And he told them that he has been profoundly moved by the pure power of grace. Thats what he told them. Thats what he said. Thats right. Yeah, and Hillary then ordered an aide to fire any interns name Grace.Al Gore will be getting a raise as of January 1st. Hes gonna get a raise. Thats right. Thats right. After hearing this, Gore said, Great, now I can afford a new coat of Thompsons water seal.Big news in the presidential race. Al Gore has challenged Bill Bradley to a series of debates. Thats right. And if televised, if televised, the debates can also serve as a test of the emergency broadcast system. A low level hum, when they speak.In Iran, a German businessman has been threatened with the death penalty for having sex with a Muslim woman. Thats right. Thats right, very serious stuff. And in a related story, President Clinton has canceled his trip to Iran.Bill Clinton, the President of the US, President Bill Clinton announced yesterday that he plans to make a speech to the American people just minutes before the turn of the millennium. Just before it turns, he wants to come on the air and speak to all of us. True story. And in the speech, hes expected to apologize in advance for whatever he does at the New Years Party.Speaking of presidents or possible presidents, George W. Bush is in the news. This week, George W. Bush accused Ross Perot of having a personal vendetta against him. Yeah, thats what he said. Thats right, yeah. When asked to comment, Perot said, I dont have a problem with Bush. The voices in my head do.The Yankees and the Mets are both in the playoffs. . This marks the first time ever that both New York teams have been in the playoffs the same year, which is very exciting. And its actually causing problems for Hillary Clinton, because shes not sure which team to pretend to be a fan of.President Clinton has been telling people that the only reason Al Gore is running for president is to please his father. Thats right.  And Clinton said that Gore needs to realize that the real reason you run for President is to meet fat chicks.Hillary Clinton is the news. Did you know this? Shes out of the country. Shes on this big tour. Shes currently on an international tour.that is going to take her to Poland, Slovakia, Italy and Iceland. Thats where shes going. And when asked about it, President Clinton said, Hey, if theres one place shell fit in, its Iceland.Donald Trump has told reporters that hes going to decide by January if hes going to run for president. Thats right. And Trump said if he does run, he wants the entire country to sign a pre-inaugural agreement. Yesterday, Vice President Al Gore made this big announcement. And he said that from now on, he wants his campaign to be less scripted. Thats what he said. Yeah, and when asked what he meant by that, Gore said, I dont know. I just read what they give me.Donald Trump formed an exploratory committee for his presidential campaign. And he said, if elected, his first act would be to give the country spirit. Thats what he said. Yeah, Trump said his second act as president will be finding a gold-digging tramp to be first lady.Al Gore said that being the underdog in the campaign makes him feel like Janis Joplin. It gets better. But it makes him fell like Janis Joplin because, he said, Freedoms just another word for nothin left to lose. Thats what he said, yeah. Thats right, true story. Thats right, yeah. Then Gore chugged a fifth of Southern Comfort and had sex with his bass player.Al Gore and Bill Bradley have agreed to a televised debate, did you know that? These two are going to debate. And under the terms of the debate, there will be a moderator who asks each candidate a question and then is kept awake with a cattle prod.Pat Buchanans campaign sent out hundreds of invitations to his supporters inviting them to attend a major announcement on October 25th.  Thats right. And apparently, the invitation says, Black tie is optional, but white hoods are required.Earlier this week -- you may have heard this -- Elizabeth Dole said that in order to get the support of more male voters, she needs to broaden her base. Thats what she said. And apparently, Elizabeth Doles very serious about widening her base, because immediately after she said that, she called Jennifer Lopez.A new book claims that in 1972, George W. Bush was arrested for cocaine possession, but his father pulled strings to make the arrest go away. Thats what a new book says. Thats right. And the book also claims that in 1972, Al Gores father pulled strings to make Gore walk and talk.Donald Trump is releasing a brand-new book to capitalize on all the attention his presidential campaign is receiving. Hes got a new book, and it is coming out soon. And apparently, the new books is called Chicks Id Nail if I were President.President Clintons Presidential library, you know, all the Presidents get a Presidential library. Well, hes going to get one. His Presidential library -- it was in the paper today -- is expected to cost $125 million to build. $125 million to build his library. And luckily, they should make all that back because theyre gonna charge $50 a lap dance.It actually was a Hooters a month ago.Elizabeth Dole dropped out of the presidential race today. She dropped out. She dropped out because her campaign wasnt able to raise enough money. Thats what she said. Sad, yes, very sad. Yeah. When asked about it, Mrs. Dole said, The only thing we were able to raise around here is in my husbands pants.The other day, President Clinton celebrated his 35th high school reunion by inviting over 300 of his former classmates to the White House. Isnt that nice? He invited 300 of them to come. Sweet, I thought, yeah. The President later regretted his decision, because they brought their husbands.Yesterday, Elizabeth Dole announced that she was dropping out of the presidential race. Thats what she did, got out of the presidential race. Thats right. It was a big announcement. With her husband by her side, Mrs. Dole said, Id rather drop out now than lose a national election and look like an old fool.It was in the paper today that during a recent campaign stop, George W. Bush, the Republican frontrunner, George W.says he loves his family more than anything, and that he has two wonderful 17-year-old twin daughters. Thats what he told the press. Thats right. And immediately afterwards, Bush was endorsed by President Clinton.Yesterday in an interview, George W. Bush denied charges that he is a Republican version of Bill Clinton. Thats what he said. Bush says hes more like a neutered version of Bill Clinton.Well, the game show Who Wants To Be A Millionaire just announced that they need to find more female contestants for the show. Apparently most women who want to be millionaires just marry and divorce Donald Trump.John McCain gave a speech. This is what he said. He said that he does not -- does not -- have a problem with his temper. Thats what his speech was about. Thats right. Thats right. McCain then added, And the next dirt bag who asks me is going to get bitch-slapped.Its been reported that President Clinton cannot move into his New York house. He bought a New York House. He cant move in yet because theres still a lot of security work to be done on the house. Thats right. Clinton says hell move as soon as the Secret Service installs surveillance cameras in the neighbors bedrooms.Al Gore is coming under heavy criticism because his adviser, Naomi Wolf, is in favor of teaching masturbation and promoting oral sex. And as a result, thats right, as a result, President Clinton said hes withdrawing his support for Al Gore and will now campaign for Naomi Wolf.I got a little Presidential news for you. Gotta do that. This is a true story. Just down the street.from the house, President Clinton recently bought in New York, theyre building a Dunkin Donuts. True story. Yeah, yeah, which means.now all the neighborhood has to do is build a Hooters, and were all set.Top New York Democrats are saying that in order for Hillary Clinton to campaign effectively for Senate, she may have to give up her responsibilities as First Lady. Thats what theyre saying. Thats right, yeah. And in response, President Clinton said, Thats okay. Ill have an intern fill in for her.The La-Z-Boy chair company is coming out with a new recliner that has a built-in refrigerator, beer holder and a phone in the armrest. True story, yeah. And, folks, in a related story, President Clinton called America the greatest country in the world.According to a poll in todays New York Post, President Clinton was chosen as the second most evil person this millennium. And Hillary was chosen the sixth most evil. That was in the Post today. Thats right. And after hearing about it, President Clinton was outraged and said, Thats ridiculous. She should be second.According to a brand-new poll in USA Today, Senator John McCain is now the leading Republican candidate in the New Hampshire primary. Isnt that something? Hes in the lead. This is big. . And after hearing about it, I thought this was cool, George W. Bush put up a very big front saying, you know, Hey, if this doesnt work out, I can always turn back to drugs and alcohol.The person whos been collaborating with Hillary Clinton on a new book about the White House has also written a book about sexually transmitted diseases. Thats right, yeah. The strange thing is research for that book was also done at the White House.The Prime Minister of Britain, Tony Blair, announced that his wife is four months pregnant. . After hearing the news, President Clinton sent along his congratulations and an alibi.Hillary Clinton made a formal announcement, she said shes not formally announcing, shes running for senator of New York. But she said she is going to run and shell formally announce it early next year. Thats what she said. Thats right, yeah. Meanwhile, New Yorkers said theyre not formally announcing they dont care, but they dont care, and theyll formally announce that early next year.A computer hacker, who broke into the White Houses website, was sentenced to 15 months in jail. Serious stuff, yeah. Although he could get out early if he agrees to help President Clinton download porn.Roger Clinton has received an offer, the Presidents brother has received an offer to perform a concert in North Korea. True story.  And the weird thing is the offer came from South Korea.Of course, earlier today, millions, millions of people lined up to watch the Macys Thanksgiving Day parade right here in New York. Very cool thing. Unfortunately, though -- this is a little sad -- children were frightened because the Giuliani balloon kept attacking the Hillary balloon, did you see that?President Clinton said that this Thanksgiving, this is a quote, families should assemble in their homes and reinforce their family ties. That was his quote. Thats right. He also said that during dinner, men should pretend to be interested in their wifes Senate campaign.Yesterday, Hillary Clinton.made a big announcement, she said shes going to move out of the White House the first of the year. Thats what she said. And President Clinton responded by sending out invites to a January 2nd naked kegger.President Clinton said that this Christmas -- I thought this was fascinating - this Christmas, hes doing all of his shopping online. Did you know that? . The President said that so far, hes ordered a sweater for Hillary, a book for Chelsea and for himself, he got Alyssa Milano.President Clinton is in Seattle right now, where a curfew has been imposed to stop violent protests. Theyve actually imposed a curfew in Seattle. And when asked about it, the President said, I understand their pain. Ive had a curfew for two years.Earlier tonight, George W. Bush debated the other Republican candidates for the first time. This was big. You all probably saw it. . And George W. Bush, he did pretty well. There was one odd moment when George W. was asked a question and he said, Regis, Id like to use one of my lifelines.The White House, very upset about an article in the National Enquirer that says the Clintons have decided to get a divorce. Theyre really upset about this. Yeah. And theyre upset because the article ruined the surprise of this years White House Christmas card.I dont know if you heard about this, but President Clinton said that Pete Rose deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Did you hear that? . The President explained, Not only did Rose get over 4,000 hits, but thinking about him has helped me delay over 4,000 orgasms.President Clinton and Hillary got approval to build an eight foot protective wall at their brand-new home in New York. Theyre going to build a wall. And apparently the wall will go right across the middle of their bedroom.Donald Trump says that if he is elected President, hell stop America from being ripped off by the countries we do business with. Thats what he says. Thats right. Instead, America will be ripped off by President Donald Trump.Monica Lewinsky testified against Linda Tripp. And the thing that everyone is talking about, the really interesting thing, was that at one point, Monica asked for a ten-minute recess. Did you know that? Thats right. And afterwards, the judge came back to the courtroom much happier.At the White House yesterday, President Clinton read the story The Night Before Christmas to a group of schoolchildren. Isnt that sweet? That was nice. Thats right. Afterwards to a group of adults, he read the story The Night After Hillary Leaves. . My pants were hung by the chimney with care.Once again, NASA has sent up a crew to repair the Hubble telescope. . And when asked about it, President Clinton said, Believe me, there is nothing worse than having a telescope that doesnt work.George W. Bush had a quote today. He said that if elected President -- this was his big statement -- if elected President, he would not object if a guest wanted to light up and smoke at a state dinner. That was his statement. Thats what he said. Thats right. Yeah, Bush says he only hopes they have the courtesy not to hog the crack pipes.Also in politics today, Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura said he will not.support Pat Buchanan in his bid for the nomination in the Reform Party. Not going to support him. He had a reason. Ventura explained, Im sorry, but Buchanans ridiculous views conflict with my ridiculous views. It was reported today that in the past few months Linda Tripp, we all know and love her -- this is what shes had -- shes had a nose job, a chin tuck, neck reduction, and liposuction. Shes had all of that done.  Yeah. True story. Not only that, not only that, she is now taping conversations in Dolby stereo.Monica Lewinsky said that she is looking for Mr. Right. Thats what she said. Thats right. And Monica went on to say that she doesnt think shell find him till after the primaries are over.Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin is reported.to have stashed $15 million in a Swiss bank account. Thats what theyre saying. And Yeltsin said, There is nothing dishonest about it. I won that money playing quarters.The three-way meeting between President Clinton and the leader of Syria and the leader of Israel has been canceled. I just found that out. Yeah. And when asked about it, the President said, Sorry, but I promised Hillary, no more three-ways.Tonight, Hillary Clinton will spend her first night in her house in upstate New York. And this prompted President Clinton to ask, Is it too late to change my New Years resolution?The Clintons moved into their new house in New York yesterday. They moved in for the first time, unpacked their stuff -- very big story. And White House press secretary Joe Lockhart described the couple as excited. Thats what he said. Yeah, yeah. He then admitted that its very seldom when at least some part of the President isnt excited.Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has embarked on a trip to the Holy Land. Did you know that? He went to the Holy Land. And, of course, the Holy Land to Yeltsin is Milwaukee.President Clinton was in New York all this week getting settled into his brand-new home in the suburbs. And yesterday -- true story -- two of his neighbors dropped off bottles of champagne. Isnt that nice? I thought that was sweet. Not only that, but three other neighbors dropped off restraining orders.Jenny Craig franchises in Wisconsin and Iowa are refusing to air the Monica Lewinsky ads because they say Monica is not a person to look up to. Thats right. Thats what they said. True story. And this is theMonica actually agreed, and said, You know, usually, Im the one looking up.Hillary Clinton announced that she opposes -- shes against the legalization of same-sex marriages. . She said marriage should remain as it has always been -- between a woman, a man and his intern.Apparently, this is not good news for her, but in the paper, Hillary Clinton is slipping in the polls. Have you heard about that? Shes not doing so well in the polls. Apparently, one of the reasons is that shes not connecting with female voters. Thats what theyre saying. True story. Yeah. Right. Hillary said, You know, its hard to connect with women when youve called them00 AM and told them to stay the hell away from your husband.Presidential candidates George W. Bush and John McCain did something pretty interesting. They shook hands, and they agreed not to take part in any negative advertising. Isnt that cool? I thought that was neat. Yeah. I think, though, theyve gotten a little carried away, because George W. s newest ad says John McCain is a patriotic American and a great kisser.Five of the nine candidates for president had their first jobs in media related fields. That was interesting. They all worked in media, I guess. Its true. Steve Forbes worked in a magazines mailroom. Bill Bradley was a paperboy. And Al Gore worked as a radio antenna.You know he (Donald Trump) and his girlfriend separated. It was in all the papers. Everyones talking about this. The newest wrinkle on this is that Donald Trumps lingerie model girlfriend -- I envy this man -- his lingerie model girlfriend says that she broke up with him because Trump cheated on her. Thats what she says. Yeah. Yeah, which got me thinking, Hey, maybe this guy is presidential material.Yesterday, Mayor Giuliani announced that hes gonna start seizing the cars driven by problem motorists. He will take the cars away. And Giuliani described problem motorists as anyone who has a bumper sticker that says Hillary for Senate.President Clinton was in New York yesterday. Anybody see him around? Ladies?Well, anyway, he was in New York yesterday. And last night - - true story -- a cab hit one of the escort cars in the Presidents motorcade.  Big news, yeah. Luckily, no one from the escort service was hurt.As a result of last nights Iowa caucus, Senator Orrin Hatch announced that hes going to drop out of the presidential race this week. But first, Hatch has to tell everyone he was in the presidential race.At a big Hollywood party, President Clinton met an actress from Baywatch Hawaii, and he was overheard admitting to her that he has watched the show before. Thats what happened. . Then he poured a glass of water over his head and pretended he was drowning.A big, big snowstorm, of course hit the East coast. . Its affecting the presidential race. Did you know this? Yesterday, true story, New Hampshire got hit with so much snow that the presidential candidates were having trouble making their campaign stops. . In fact, George W. Bush said he hasnt seen the ground this white since he tipped over a coffee table in college.During a Rio interview yesterday, the first lady, Hillary Clinton, said that some people have a problem with her because shes a woman, she said. Yeah. And when asked about it, President Clinton said, You know, my problem with her is that shes not several women.Earlier tonight, President Clinton made the final State of the Union address of his presidency. You can kind of tell that Clintons at the end of his last term, because he delivered the speech from his hot tub.A minor earthquake struck New Hampshire while the presidential candidates were campaigning. . Reporters actually say its the first time in years theyve seen Al Gore move.During his State of the Union address last night, President Clinton did what he always does. He acknowledged several heroes in the audience including an Air Force pilot named Captain Cherry. And there was an awkward moment when the President said, You know, my nickname in college was Captain Cherry.Here are the results of the New Hampshire primary. John McCain did very well with independent voters. Al Gore did very well with party regulars. Gary Bauer did well among voters who were just kidding.Voters in New Hampshire said that unlike President Clinton, they want the next president to stand up for what he believes in. . They also said that unlike President Clinton, when the next president stands up, they dont want him to be aroused.Due to a problem that they were having yesterday with Air Force Two, which is the way that he usually flies, Al Gore had to take a US Airways shuttle back to Washington yesterday. He had to get on a US Airways shuttle and fly back. And reportedly Gore spent the entire flight in the full upright and locked position.According to exit polls in New Hampshire, theyre just finding out what was on the voters minds. Voters like John McCain, apparently, because he says whatever he thinks. . As opposed to George W. Bush who says whatever he can pronounce.Its been reported that Mayor Giuliani.has received a campaign donation from Wheel of Fortune host Pat Sajak. Thats right. Apparently, Sajak donated $1,000 and two vowels.Rudy Giuliani is criticizing Hillary Clinton because he claims that a song that was played at her campaign event the other day encourages masturbation. True story. Thats right, and in response -- in response, Hillary said, You know, with a husband like mine, I need to encourage masturbation.One of the hottest toys at this years toy show is a doll called My Real Baby, and get this, My Real Baby, it can be taught to boost its vocabulary from goo goo to full sentences. Sounds cool, huh? Not only that, the same technology is being developed for George W. Bush.President Clinton.offended several Irish groups. Because he said that Ireland should, belly up to the bar in the peace process. . A spokesman for Ireland said that the comment was inappropriate, and he then excused himself so he could get roaring drunk and sing like a pirate."According to recent polls, Hillary Clinton has not been connecting with female voters. . After hearing this, President Clinton said, You know I keep telling her, establish eye contact, then start gently caressing.Bill Maher : Internet hackers. . Its been going on all week. . Janet Reno. said today that she was going to take action against these cyberterrorists. She said, Its going to be swift and severe, as soon as she figures out a way to burn down a Web page."Dan Quayle -- we all remember Dan Quayle -- attended the 80th birthday party for Reverend Sun Myung Moon. Thats right. Yeah, Quayle went for a reason. Quayle attended as a representative of the US and because he heard there was going to be a pony.The other day, hotel guests at the New York Sheraton were surprised. They were shocked when Al Gore came into the hotels gym and ran on a treadmill. He just started running on the treadmill. They were really surprised. Guests said the main reason they were surprised is because they didnt know Gores legs could move.Earlier this week, Hillary Clinton had breakfast at a diner in Upstate New York, and she didnt give the waitress a tip. Which isnt exactly true, because she did tell the waitress to Stay away from my husband. Bradley is now accusing Al Gore of using unfair tactics to win over gay voters. . I think hes right, because today, Gore announced that his running mate would be either Seigfried or Roy.The producer of Baywatch, Hawaii, said that unless the state of Hawaii can pay $2.5 million in production costs, the show will have to be canceled. As a result, today Hawaii was granted federal emergency relief by President Clinton.Senator John McCain.received the endorsement of former presidential candidate Gary Bauer. After hearing about it, McCain said, Well, thats nice. But whos Gary Bauer?Are you all going to get to South Carolina tomorrow and vote tomorrow? . Apparently, anyone can just go there and vote. So feel free. We have a bus waiting outside, to really screw things up.According to the Washington Post, this Valentines Day, John McCain gave his wife two dozen roses, but George W. Bush didnt give his wife anything. And in a related story, earlier today, Bushs wife endorsed John McCain.During a radio interview yesterday, George W. Bush said he would not -- he would not appoint an openly gay person to his administration. . George W. went on to say, All my appointees will be repressed homosexuals or closet cases.A panel of historians.has actually rated the presidents. . And President Clinton came in last in the category of moral authority. . And in response, the President said, Thats true, but I came in first in most booty.Senator John McCain won the Michigan and Arizona primaries yesterday.with help from his new campaign slogan - Give government back to the people. Thats a nice slogan, isnt it? That was his slogan. Thats right. Yeah. George W. Bush has had less success with his new campaign slogan - Vote for me or Ill tell my dad.Its been reported that Donald Trump doesnt like George W. Bush because hes a lightweight with no brain. Thats what he said. Apparently, those qualities are only appealing to Trump when hes looking for a girlfriend.Last night at the White House, the Queen of Spain slipped on a set of stairs while greeting President Clinton. . The President said he was surprised she fell, because he hardly even goosed her.Bob Dole warned the Republican presidential candidates to stop negative campaigning before irreparable damage is done. . Dole said if youre not careful, you can end up losing the respect of your party and doing Viagra commercials.President Clinton had to be evacuated from a hotel today when a fire alarm went off. They had to get him out of there right away. Apparently, as soon as he heard the alarm, the President put his pants on and left.Just down the street from the house President Clinton recently bought in New York, theyre building a Dunkin Donuts.which means now all the neighborhood has to do is build a Hooters, and were all set.Yesterday, Jesse Jackson said that although he likes Bill Bradley, hes decided to endorse Al Gore. Thats what he said. Big announcement. Yeah, Jackson said it was a very difficult decision, but there are a lot more words that rhyme with Gore.Monica Lewinsky said.that President Clinton is so charismatic, that after being alone with him for five minutes, any woman would have done what she did. Thats what she said, which explains why today President Clinton scheduled a four-minute meeting with Janet Reno.The Census Bureau has received hundreds of complaints this week, because people think the Census form asks questions that are too personal. For instance, one of the questions for women is, When was the last time you had sex with President Clinton?Hillary Clinton marched in todays St. Patricks day parade.  . Spectators at the parade accused her of pandering to voters, trying to get the vote out. . I gotta say, they might be right, because Hillary was wearing a button that said, Kiss me, Im Irish. Oh -- Im also Jewish, black, Puerto Rican and a huge Yankee fan.Yesterday, former President Gerald Ford told the press that if the Republican Party wants to win the upcoming election, George W. Bush has to unite all the Republicans. . After apparently hearing the comment, George W. Bush said, Whos Gerald Ford?Its been reported that Monica Lewinsky has hired a personal trainer to work out privately with her in her apartment. . When asked about it, Monica said, Were gonna start slow, with three-pound cigars. In a New York department store yesterday, while Monica Lewinsky was making a personal appearance. She was heckled by a woman who had to be escorted away by security guards. . Later, the guards released the woman, and then she continued her campaign to be Senator of New York.The other day Leonardo DiCaprio.interviewed President Clinton at the White House for an ABC Earth Day special. . Leo apparently asked the President to support the environment. And the President asked Leo if he could join his posse.Elian Gonzalezs father arrived in the United States today and said he wants to take his son back to Cuba with him immediately. . Apparently, the dads demands are getting really out of control, because now he also wants to take the kid from The Sixth Sense.Sam Donaldson is furious that ABC chose Leonardo DiCaprio instead of him to interview President Clinton about the environment. . In response, ABC said, You know, we couldnt use Donaldson for an interview on the environment, because he wears an endangered woodchuck on his head.Yesterday Hillary Clinton said that it was her idea to ban smoking in the White House. . Hillary said, Now, people have to go outside if they want to smoke cigarettes or my husband.Nightline host Ted Koppel, said that he thinks Elian Gonzalez should go back to Cuba with his father. Thats what Ted Koppel said. And not only that, Koppel has offered to let the two use his hair as a raft to get over there.China is going to give the National Zoo in Washington a pair of giant pandas who, interestingly enough, have thus far been unable to mate. . Which means there will continue to be a couple in Washington with a sex life as bad as the Clintons.They did not meet00 PM deadline.to hand Elian over to authorities. And I guess the relatives are really starting to run out of excuses. Because today they said they missed the deadline because their dog ate Elian.TV stations aired a video of Elian Gonzalez saying he wants to stay in America. And experts are saying that the video looks like the boy was coached on what to say.that it was not natural. And they may have a point, because at the end of the video, you can hear Regis Philbin asking, Is that your final answer?Several conservative groups accused George W. Bush of pandering for votes because he met with a group of gay Republicans. They say hes pandering. They may be right, because shortly after the meeting, Bush made an announcement that Ricky Martin has a sweet ass.Al Gore spoke at a rally of janitors who are on strike. And Gore spoke alternately in English and Spanish. . Which marks the first time Gore has been simultaneously ignored in two languages.Monica Lewinsky (said she) has a handsome new boyfriend and that her life is very happy. . The former intern describes her triumph over adversity these couple of years as a real Fellatio Alger story.ABCS annual broadcast of The Ten Commandments drew its largest audience in four years the other night. . Apparently, Charlton Heston forced a lot of viewers to watch at gunpoint.The other day, an 8-year-old child got to ask the first lady a question. An 8-year-old child asked Hillary Clinton if shes more famous than Leonardo DiCaprio. And she said, Definitely not. . Hillary also admitted shes not as feminine as DiCaprio.CBS is going to air a made-for-television movie about the Elian Gonzalez story. . Unfortunately, the movie will be interrupted every five minutes for live updates on the Elian Gonzalez story.Mayor Giulianis wife, actress Donna Hanover, has apparently accepted a role in a controversial play called The Vagina Monologues. . Hanovers particular monologue will be about a vagina that stays with a penis to help get it elected Senator.Here in New York City last night, President Clinton and Al Gore had a fundraiser. . President Clinton gave a speech, and he said that he feels absolutely comfortable putting the future of his daughter, and someday his grandchildren, in the hands of Al Gore. . In response, Gore told Clinton, Stay the hell away from my daughters and grandchildren or you will get an ass kicking.Yesterday, in Times Square, a wax statue of New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was unveiled . The statue is apparently so lifelike that the Mayors wife, Donna Hanover, wont go near it.Today in the Supreme Court, the Boy Scouts of America defended their policy against homosexuality, saying they only exclude scoutmasters who are openly gay. One justice then pointed out that openly gay could be defined as any adult willing to be seen in that outfit.Today is national take your daughter to work day. Or, as they call it in the White House, back off Mr. President, shes only 16 day.The other night, Al Gore and Hillary Clinton appeared at the same fundraiser. . Their advisers had an argument over who should get to make the longer speech. . In the end, they decided to give the honor to Hillary, because they realized Gores speech would seem longer anyway.Yesterday, the Supreme Court.heard arguments about whether the Boy Scouts of America should allow gay scout leaders. . The main argument that gay men would make great scout leaders is that they know better than anyone how to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together.The other night in Washington, George W. Bush.held a very successful huge fundraiser that -- get this -- featured a disco band and a laser light show . Apparently, the event was just like the 70s, except that Bush remembers it.George W. Bush says hes been working with one of his fathers foreign policy advisers. And Bush says the adviser is able to explain foreign policy in a way that he can understand. The adviser uses a color-coded map to point out which countries are cowboys and which countries are Indians.Political experts said today that Hillary Clinton, the first lady, has been gaining votes. Shes been doing better because shes been campaigning in remote regions that are usually ignored by politicians. Thats her strategy, and its working. . When asked about this, Hillary said, Believe me, I understand what its like to have a region thats ignored by a politician.Hillary Clinton said that since shes become a candidate, she and the President are now experiencing a role reversal. The first lady said that until she began her run for Senate, she had no idea there was so much sweet tail out there.Paula Jones has agreed to do a nude photo spread for Penthouse. When the magazine comes out, shes going to sue every man who looks at it.Elian Gonzalezs court case started today. . The big issue is whether or not a 6-year-old boy can have political beliefs strong enough to want asylum. . Apparently in a passionate speech, Elian said that he cant live under Castro because of the deplorable condition of Cubas Pokemon cards. At a conference on sex addiction, experts said that the Internet has caused a hypersexuality that is ruining Americans marriages. In fact, they said the internet is almost as dangerous to marriage as being President of the United States or Mayor of New York.Hillary Clinton, the first lady, said that out of respect, she wishes reporters would stop asking Mayor Giuliani about his marriage problems. . Meanwhile, Giulianis wife said that out of respect, she wishes President Clinton would stop calling her.George W. Bush accused Al Gore of trying to scare the elderly. In response, Gore said, Thats ridiculous, and then launched into a speech entitled, Vote for me, or youll never see Angela Lansbury again.Al Gore has agreed to play himself in the season finale of the Fox cartoon Futurama. And, in a related story, George W. Bush says hes going to get really stoned and watch Scooby-Doo.The National Rifle Association is going to open a theme restaurant in Times Square. They know what theyre doing because their slogan is, Guns dont kill people, our high-cholesterol fried chicken kills people. An article in People magazine claims that Vice President Gore -- listen to this -- has been trying out a brand new pressurized makeup applicator, which is also used by Catherine Zeta Jones. Thats the truth. Yeah. Yeah, and, apparently it must be working, because yesterday, Gore was proposed to by Michael Douglas.The other day in Australia, a horny crocodile started humping a sea plane and did thousands and thousands of dollars worth of damage to the aircraft. And, folks, as weird as that story is, a similar thing once happened on Air Force One.A new political party being formed called the Outlaw Party that has a $400 war chest, and its main goal is legalizing marijuana. Unfortunately, this afternoon, they spent all $400 on Oreo cookie ice cream.According to a new poll that just came out, 50% of Americans say that at some point in their lives, they were spanked by their parents. The other 50% say that at some point in their lives, they were spanked by President Clinton.A federal judge ruled that Microsoft should be split into two different companies. This is how its going to work. One company will manufacturer the windows operating system, and the other company will count Bill Gates money.When asked yesterday, George W., or W., said a moratorium on the death penalty is not needed in Texas. Yeah, thats what he said. However, George W. said he might take some time off to find out what the word moratorium means.It was reported today that Pat Buchanan is considering asking Dr. Laura Schlessinger to be his running mate because he agrees with her anti- gay views. Thats what he said. Yeah, and when asked if hes considering any male running mates, Buchanan said, Hey, Im no homo.On a recent campaign flight, George W. Bush told reporters that he had never even heard of Leonardo DiCaprio. Thats what he said. Yeah, yeah, then -- then Bush said, But thats not unusual, Im not familiar with a lot of European leaders.Got the latest in the campaign news? George W. Bush -- I call him Dubyah -- George W. Bush accused Al Gore of copying his plan to save Social Security. Thats right. And actually -- actually, Gore may have copied Bushs plan, because Gores plan has the exact same spelling mistakes. Tax does not have a k.Right after winning the US Open the other day, Tiger Woods received a phone call from President Clinton. Thats right. And reportedly, the President told Tiger, I would love to join you in a foursome sometime. Id also like to play golf with you.Yesterday, George W. Bush, or as I call him, Dubyah -- Dubyah said that there is no good reason why the US is second to last in standardized test scores. Hes mad about this. Yeah, yeah, W. Bush said, It is appalling that the only country to score below us is that one next to the country shaped like a boot.Immediately after winning at the US Open the other day, Tiger Woods received a call on his cell phone from President Clinton. That was very cool. Yeah, but the President may have too much time on his hands, because he called Shaq after the Lakers won, and earlier tonight, he called the winner on Hollywood Squares.Hillary Clinton, of course, is running a new campaign ad. Shes got a new campaign ad that people are talking about that features the slogan Trust me. Thats her slogan. Yeah, and actually, its much better than the original version, Hillary, the Clinton you can trust.In a recent interview, Tipper Gore, the Vice Presidents wife, said that she never, ever reads the newspaper. Thats what she said. Yeah, and after hearing about it, George W. Bush said, Really? Doesnt she care what happens to Marmaduke?It was reported today, ladies and gentlemen, that one of George W. Bushs-- or as I call him, Dubyah -- one of George W. Bushs possible running mates, one of the people he was considering, is no longer being considered because hes much taller than George W. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, thats true. Yeah, so today, George W. met with two other potential running mates, Gary Coleman and Mini-Me.Earlier today, President Clinton signed a new law, get this, that makes contracts signed over the Internet just as valid as contracts that are signed on paper. Its big story. Yeah, actually, folks, the law may not be official because the President signed it with his online alias, Dr. Nookie.Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura recently taped an episode of the soap opera The Young and the Restless. Latest thing. Yeah, and when asked about it, Ventura said, It was strange. Im not used to having someone else come up with the dumb things I say.Yesterday, George W. Bush -- did you know this -- he gave a big speech at the annual NAACP convention. Im sure it was a big speech, yeah.  And folks, actually, it was a little uncomfortable at the beginning of the speech because George W. started by saying, Wow, there are a lot of black people here.This is interesting -- environmental protesters raided and took over Al Gores campaign office, saying that Gore could do more to protect our natural resources. Its a big story. Yeah, and folks, things got really awkward because one of the protesters tried to chain himself to a tree and then realized it was Al Gore.According to a new report in todays USA Today -- this is interesting -- sexual activity among teenagers has declined over the past ten years. Gone down. Yeah. Yeah, after hearing this, President Clinton called American teens lazy and said that when he was a teen, he used to have sex barefoot while walking uphill in the snow.The heavy metal band Metallica testified before the Senate, and they complained that every day, thousands of fans download their music on the Internet for free. Theyre very unhappy about it. Yeah. Yeah, and after hearing this, Senator Strom Thurmond said, Really? I thought I was the only one downloading Metallica every day.Today, George W. Bush -- or as I call him W. -- George W. Bush said that he has narrowed his list of potential running mates down to three people. Thats what he said. Thats right. Yeah, Bush said that means each one has a 50% chance of being chosen.Speaking of Bush, according to todays New York Post, George W. Bush thinks that he will carry New York state during the election because of the anti-Hillary factor. Thats what he said. Yeah. Yeah, and in response -- in response, Al Gore said, Thats ridiculous. Ive hated Hillary much longer than he has. This is not right.Yesterday on the campaign trail, Al Gore was back home in Tennessee visiting a preschool. Thats what he was up to. Gore was visiting a preschool. And apparently, Gore gives the same speech to every audience because he kept asking the toddlers, Arent you better off now than you were four years ago? Think about it. You were wetting yourselves then.During next months Democratic convention in Los Angeles, which is where theyre having it, the Los Angeles Police Department says theyre going to keep political activists in line by using rubber bullets and pepper spray. Thats what they said. Yeah, and coincidentally, thats the same way theyll keep the crowd awake during Al Gores speech.The other day, New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said that he does not -- does not believe that Hillary Clinton screamed an anti-Semitic slur at a colleague years ago. Said he doesnt believe it. And after hearing about Giulianis comments, Hillary said, Id like to thank that Italian bastard for standing up for me.Political insiders are saying that George W. Bush -- or as I call him, Dubyah -- he has narrowed his list of potential running mates to just a few names. Its getting exciting. Thats right. Yeah, reportedly, some names have been eliminated because theyre either too liberal, too controversial or too hard for Bush to spell.George W. Bush announced that hes chosen Dick Cheney as his running mate. Its big news. . And this is interesting -- George W. said that if elected, Cheney will be in charge of all normal vice presidential duties as well as spelling.This is the weird thing - Governor Bush hired Dick Cheney to advise him on picking a running mate, and Cheney ended up being the running mate. This is true. Thats true. Yeah, yeah, and they think it happened, because reportedly, Cheney submitted a list of three possible candidates -- himself, Carrot Top and Eddie van Halen. And Eddie was busy.Now Al Gore, still in the race. Al Gore is trying to decide his running mate, and political experts are saying that Gore needs to find a running mate with more charisma than he has to energize the ticket. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, so in other words, it could be anybody.Some political analysts are saying that by picking Dick Cheney as his running mate and hoping to put Colin Powell in his cabinet, George W. Bush just wants to re-create his fathers Administration. Copy it. Thats what theyre saying. And in response, George W. said, That is ridiculous. Then he flew to Japan and threw up on the prime minister.Archaeologists have discovered a 2,000-year-old toilet. Its a true story. Yeah, and apparently -- apparently, right after they discovered it, Bob Dole said, Hang on, Ill be out in a minute.George W. Bushs vice presidential candidate, Dick Cheney, has a lesbian daughter. And George W. says he knew about this and hes willing to support her. Isnt that nice? Thats right, willing to support her.  And in a related story, President Clinton announced hes willing to videotape her.Political experts say that if George W. Bush wants to be elected president, its crucial that he give an impressive speech at next weeks Republican convention -- crucial. Which is very strange, because they say if Gore wants to be elected president, he should never speak again.Chelsea Clinton made an announcement today that was pretty important. Chelsea Clinton announced that she is postponing her senior year at Stanford University until January, so that she can stay with her father during his last few months in the White House. Isnt that nice? Sweet. Very sweet, yeah, and in return, the President offered to stay with Chelsea during her last few months in her sorority.Its been reported that World Wrestling star, the Rock, is going to be the one introducing vice presidential nominee Dick Cheney at next weeks Republican convention. Thats true. The rock will introduce Cheney. Yeah, and just to show Cheneys heart is okay, the rock is going to body slam Cheney into the audience.It was reported today -- true story -- that Senator Joseph Lieberman has written five books. Hes written five books, this guy. And -- yeah, which is impressive. Very impressive, and after hearing about this, George W. Bush said, Big deal. Anyone can write five books. Its reading five books thats hard. Thats when you get in trouble.They released the television ratings last week. It turns out that seven times more people watched the show Survivor than watched the Republican convention. Seven times, thats right. Yeah, and get this -- to make sure the same thing doesnt happen during the Democratic convention, Al Gore says hes going to catch a lot of fish and walk around naked.At a political event over the weekend, a woman mooned George W. Bush, and the phrase raise the minimum wage was written on her butt. Its true. Yeah. And folks, not surprisingly, it was in President Clintons handwriting.Yesterday, at a big political event, Al Gore promised that he would not say anything negative about George W. Bush and Dick Cheney during the campaign. Isnt that something? I thought that was pretty interesting. Not going to do it. Yeah, yeah. Then -- then Gore said, Just kidding. Theyre douche bags.In the world of politics, yesterday, on the campaign trail - - because theyre really hitting the trail now -- Al Gore and Joseph Lieberman acknowledged that they do have some conflicting opinions. Thats what they said. Thats right, yeah. Apparently, Gore and Lieberman hold different views on vouchers, Social Security and bacon.It was reported today that President Clinton is going to be leaving after the first day of the Democratic convention. Hes only sticking around for one day, and then hes out of there. And when asked about it, the President said, Ill endorse Al Gore, but I am not gonna hang around to hear him speak.Its been reported that in preparation for her speech at the Los Angeles Democratic Convention, Hillary Clinton -- get this -- hired a makeup artist who charges $6,000 a visit. Thats what theyre saying. Thats a lot of money. Yeah, and apparently -- apparently, the makeup artist made her look so different, President Clinton accidentally hit on her.The band Rage Against the Machine played -- get this, did you know this -- they played at a protest rally. They performed at a protest rally. Yeah, and the surprising part is, the machine theyre raging against is Al Gore.Last night, when Jesse Jackson spoke at the convention, Jackson referred to the Republican Party as the inclusion illusion. Thats what he said. Yeah, and when asked what he meant by inclusion illusion, Jackson said, Sorry about the confusion, I think I have a contusion.Yesterday President Clinton flew to Michigan to meet Al Gore for the ceremonial passing of the baton, which is what they do. Thats right. Yeah, apparently, Gore took the baton from the President, and then boiled it in hot water because he didnt know where it had been.Campaign aides to Al Gore -- the people that help him, his campaign aides -- say that Gore has insisted on writing his entire nomination speech by himself. Thats what they say. Yeah, which is fine with them, as long as Gore lets someone else deliver it.Yesterday, President Clinton went to McDonalds, and the 18- year-old woman who waited on the President refused to charge him for his sandwich. Isnt that sweet? Its very nice. Yeah, yeah, she told the President, Dont worry about it, Ill make the money back tomorrow when I file a sexual harassment suit against you.Earlier tonight, Al Gore delivered his big acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention. Thats the big story. So I would like to take a second and just say to all the people who watched at home, wake up!Last night, actor Tommy Lee Jones spoke at the convention. . .. And apparently, he spoke because he was -- did you know this? He was Al Gores roommate for four years in college. Thats a true story. Yeah, and Tommy Lee Jones said that he stayed roommates with Gore all four years because the first three years, he thought Gore was a walk-in closet.During his speech at the convention last night, Joe Lieberman talked about how his father once owned a liquor store. No, thats what he talked about. Yeah, and after hearing this, George W. Bush said, Hey, I thought his name sounded familiar.Ladies and gentlemen, the Democratic convention is finally over. The convention -- back to reruns of Heehaw for us.Let me explain what happened. Last night was the big finale, if you can call anything involving Al Gore a finale.I dont know if you saw this or if you heard about it, but this is really strange. Last night, when Al Gore finally took the stage at the Democratic National Convention, he grabbed Tipper Gore and gave her a huge open-mouthed kiss on the lips. Did you see this? Its amazing. Yeah, apparently, Tipper hadnt been kissed like that since Monday night, when President Clinton took the stage.Throughout the entire convention, security personnel confiscated TV reporters hair spray because its a flammable substance. Thats true. Yeah, which explains why all week, Ted Koppel looked like Don King.George W. Bush has challenged Al Gore to three debates. Thats the latest. Yeah, and in preparation for the debates, George W. said hes been practicing the phrase, I know you are, but what am I?Pat Buchanan is recovering and doing fine after having surgery to remove two gall stones. . I thought you should know that, yeah. Yeah, apparently, Buchanan had the emergency surgery after tests revealed that the gall stones were gay.Next Tuesday, NBC, my happy little network that underpays me, has scheduled a special -- did you hear this? -- prime time edition of Meet the Press. And theyve invited Al Gore and George W. Bush to hold their first debate. Thats the news. Thats right. Yeah, and, of course, you know, normally Meet the Press airs Sunday mornings, but thats when George W. watches his cartoons.Over the weekend, a famous modeling agency, one of the biggest modeling agencies, was broken into and the phone numbers and addresses of several supermodels were stolen. Thats true. Yeah, folks. And, apparently, much like the Watergate scandal, this break-in also leads directly back to the White House.Gore and Bush still -- can you believe this, theyre two adults -- they still cannot come to an agreement as to the format of their debates. They cannot agree on this. Yeah, apparently, the latest is Gore wants the debate to be 90 minutes long, and George W. keeps saying, No way, it should be an hour and a half.Yesterday, George W. Bush unveiled his drug plan for senior citizens. This is the big news. His drug plan for senior citizens. Thats right, yeah, George W.s plan is that seniors should refuse to answer any questions about whether or not theyve ever taken drugs.At a campaign rally yesterday, vice presidential candidate Joe Lieberman rode around on a motorcycle. Its a big story. Yeah, he was riding around. Yeah, afterwards when asked about it, Lieberman said, I can ride on a hog, I just cant eat one.George W. Bush is gonna make an appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Apparently, yeah, George W. agreed to appear, on the condition that Oprah doesnt try to get him to read any books.According to costume sellers -- this is true -- according to costume sellers, the mask of the presidential candidate that sells the most at Halloween usually wins the election. Isnt that weird? Whoevers mask sells the most usually wins. So in a related story, George W. Bush is considering changing his name to Batman.Iraqi newspapers announced yesterday that Saddam Hussein is planning to build a monument in Baghdad to commemorate the Gulf War. Thats right. Yeah, a spokesperson from the Pentagon said the monuments a great idea and they cant wait to blow it up.George W. Bushs campaign, just a couple of hours ago I guess, pulled one of their television ads after accusations that the ad subliminally showed the word RATS imposed over Al Gores face. Thats what happened. They had to pull the ad. Thats right. Yeah, Bush claims -- Bush claims the subliminal message was a mistake and that the word should have been A-HOLE.Yesterday Al Gore appeared on Oprah Winfreys show. And he was talking a lot about his personal life and stuff, his warm side. We found it now. And he told Oprah that his favorite food is Chinese. Thats what he said. Yeah, and coincidentally, Gore said his favorite campaign donations are also Chinese.Yeah. An hour after you get the donation, you need more money.As you probably know, vice presidential candidate Joe Lieberman is a guest. . And this is interesting. Because Senator Lieberman is a guest on the show -- this is true -- the Secret Service has been all over the building today. Theyve been everywhere. In fact, just before the show, two agents were down in the NBC commissary taking all of the bacon out of the BLTs.This months Vanity Fair speculates that George W. Bush may suffer from attention deficit disorder. Thats right. Yeah, the article also speculates that if Al Gore is elected, well all suffer attention deficit disorder.Tonight was the first Presidential debate between Al Gore and George W. Bush. The first one. Thats right. Yeah, and apparently, after watching Gore and Bush for 90 minutes, people are wishing Big Brother were still on the air.The other day, President Clinton told reporters that he has no plans, no plans to write a book about the Monica Lewinsky affair. However, the President did say he wants to play himself in the movie.George W. Bush accused Al Gore of using phony numbers. Thats what he said. Yeah, and it wasnt until after the debate that someone explained to Bush that billion and trillion are actually real numbers.Representatives for Al Gore and George W. Bush argued over how cold the auditorium should be for the debate. Thats right. Very strange. Thats true. Apparently, Gores people didnt want the room to be too warm because then he starts to decompose.This is one of the weirdest things about the debate. The power -- this is true -- the power went out last night at the Florida hotel that President Clinton was staying at. So he had to listen to part of the debate -- this is true -- on a car radio. Thats true. At least thats the story he told Hillary when she caught him in the backseat with a waitress.Its been reported that George W. Bush is thinking about dumping Dick Cheney as his running mate and replacing him with John McCain. Thats the rumor. And meanwhile -- meanwhile, Dick Cheney is thinking about dumping George W. and replacing him with Martin Sheen.Today is NRA President Charlton Hestons 76th birthday. Dont mess with him. Yeah, you can tell hes getting kind of old because this morning, he made a rambling speech about the government trying to take away his gums.Theres an electricity here in the audience, because tonight was, of course, the Vice Presidential debate, and people -- people are so excited about this debate. Who is better qualified to become Vice President and do absolutely nothing?I dont know if you saw it, but things got pretty heated. At one point, Cheney pulled out a BLT and ate it in front of Lieberman.The results are actually in from the latest polls regarding the presidential debate the other night between Bush and Gore. Thats right, this is pretty interesting. 23% of Americans said they thought Al Gore won the debate. 21% said George W. Bush. And 66% said they thought the woman from Dark Angel is really hot.Since the Presidential debate the other night, I dont know if you noticed, but Al Gore has been widely criticized for sighing too much. Did you notice that? While Bush was talking, I guess he was sighing a lot. In response, Gore said, I wasnt sighing, that was just pressure being released from my hydraulics.The Hillary Clinton and Rick Lazio Senate campaigns -- have you heard this -- are expected to spend a combined $100 million. Which makes this the most expensive Senate campaign in history. Can you believe that? Yeah. Which is such a waste, because for that kind of money, you could marry Anna Nicole Smith.Of course, Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman debated last night, and they participated -- everyones commenting on this today. They participated in a very polite vice presidential debate. Extremely polite and cordial. In fact, both Cheney and Lieberman consistently referred to each other as Mr. Douchebag, which I thought was nice.During the vice presidential debate last night, both candidates, Joe Lieberman and Dick Cheney, went way out of their way not to alienate gay voters. Thats right. In fact, for most of the debate, the two of them were holding hands.In a recent interview in the New Yorker, President Clinton actually said that being acquitted in his impeachment trial was one of the highlights of his Administration. Thats what he said. Yeah, the President went on to say, Of course, that was the direct result of the real highlight of my Administration.George W. Bush recently taped -- this is true -- taped a brief interview with Nickelodeon. Apparently, it was supposed to be a longer interview, but the kids questions were way too hard.Today is President Clinton and Hillarys 25th wedding anniversary. Isnt that nice? Thats right, yeah. Reportedly, the two of them plan on having an intimate evening and then getting together later on.Gore said that this time he will try not to be longwinded and condescending. Thats what he said. Thats right. Yeah, then Gore spent the next 45 minutes explaining what condescending means.Yesterday, George W. Bush told reporters that his bedtime30 PM. Thats what he said. Or as George W. puts it, when the little hands on the nine and the big hand is on the six.Last night, of course, Al Gore and George W. Bush held their second debate. And did you know this? Most polls say that George W. came across better than Gore. Yeah. Yeah, afterwards, Bush even said, I done good. I be President now.George W. Bush was fighting a cold during the presidential debate last night. Fighting a pretty bad cold, yeah. Afterwards, George W. was quoted as saying, I havent sniffed that much since college.According to a brand-new study that just came out -- this is true -- having regular, vigorous sex can make you look seven years younger.  Yeah, and in a related story, today is President Clintons 90th birthday.George W. Bush.has invited Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter to join them on the campaign. Thats the latest news. Thats what he did. Thats right. Yeah, George W. Bush was overheard telling her, I dont care if youre a lesbian, just as long as youre not gay.Earlier today, Al Gore was giving a campaign speech -- and this is true - - a 10-year-old boy fainted and hit his head on the ground. Yeah. Hes fine. The kids fine. But to keep this from happening again, whenever Gore speaks for over five minutes, people will be required to wear seat belts.In a recent interview, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, our mayor, said that if it were up to him, he would throw all the New York sex shops into the ocean. That was the quote. Thats right, and in a related story, President Clinton was spotted buying scuba gear.New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani held a joint pep rally for both Yankee and Met fans. Isnt that nice? He brought them all together, so it was very nice. Thats right, yeah. The official death toll will be released tomorrow.I dont know if you heard the latest, this was really weird -- Al Gore, the Vice President, appears on the cover of this months Rolling Stone magazine. And its been a big controversy. Its been reported -- this is true -- that they had to air brush his crotch region because it looked like he had an erection. Thats true. True story. Yeah, yeah, Gore says its all part of his promise to work hard for the American people.Yesterday on Live with Regis, Al Gore, I guess because he grew up on a farm or something, showed Regis Philbin how to hypnotize a chicken. Thats right. Yeah, yeah, and today, George W. Bush says Regis has to electrocute a chicken.Everybodys been saying, why isnt President Clinton campaigning for Al Gore? Everyones wondering. Well, Al Gore announced today that President Clinton is going to start -- from this moment, hes gonna start campaigning for him. Big news. However, to calm voters, Gore said, Dont worry, Im going to put his penis in a lock box.20 journalists surprised George W. Bush by wearing George W.  Bush masks. Yes, they did. And after seeing them, a confused George W. said, Wait a minute, which one is me?Some Democrats have been asking Ralph Nader to stop campaigning for President because they think hes hurting Al Gores chances. Thats right. Meanwhile, the rest of the Democratic Party has been asking Al Gore to stop campaigning because they think hes hurting Al Gores chances.In a recent interview, President Clinton said that the Republicans should apologize for the Monica Lewinsky scandal. Thats what he said. Thats right, yeah, its all part of an interview that appears in this months Lost Touch with Reality magazine.According to some political experts, George W. Bush could win 30 states. He could win 30 states, but still lose the election. Thats what theyre saying. Thats true. And after hearing this, George W. said, Well, what happens if I win 40 states and he only wins 20?Yesterday, Joe Lieberman -- true story -- surprised his mom by showing up at her birthday party in Florida. Isnt that sweet? I thought that was sweet. Its nice. Meanwhile, George W. Bush surprised his mom by spelling Mississippi correctly.In a brand-new interview -- I think this interview is, like, from yesterday -- Barbra Streisand says that she would have taken Bill Clinton back after his affair with Monica Lewinsky just like Hillary did. Thats what she said. Yeah. And after hearing this, Hillary thanked Streisand for her support and then had sex with James Brolin.Ross Perot appeared on Larry King tonight and announced who hes endorsing for President. Isnt that exciting? And not surprisingly, Perot endorsed Twilow from the planet Nebular.Last night, of course, on the campaign trail, it was revealed that in 1976, George W. Bush was arrested for drunk driving. Thats what we heard about, yeah. Oohs thats right, yeah. And according -- this is true. Theyre telling us more now. According to reports, the arresting officer became suspicious when he noticed George W. wasnt slurring his words. The outcome of the presidential election still has not been determined, and now, apparently, it all comes down to how the Floridians voted. Thats what theyre saying, yeah. And after hearing this, George W. Bush said, Please, lets not bring foreigners into this.Experts say there hasnt been this much head-to-head competition in Florida since Murder She Wrote went up against Matlock.After President Clinton cast his ballot in New York, where he voted, right after he cast his ballot, he took a picture with four women wearing Hillary Clinton masks. Thats true. Thats right, yeah. And the women said the reason they put the Hillary masks on was because that way, the President wouldnt hit on them.Yall heard about this -- is that late, late last night, Al Gore called George W. Bush and conceded that Bush won the presidency. Then Gore called back and hour later and retracted his concession. Thats true. Thats right. I dont know if you heard about this. But then, Gore called back ten more times and asked if Dick Hertz was there.Yesterday, in Washington, President Clinton met with Yasser Arafat. Thats true. All right. Nice. Yeah, Arafat said he plans on returning to the Middle East as soon as possible, because right now, things are too chaotic here.Gore supporters in Florida claim that they accidentally voted for Pat Buchanan. Thats right, yeah. In fact, some of the older voters were so confused, they thought they were voting for President James Buchanan.It was reported today that the television ratings on election night were the highest in 40 years. Can you believe that? Its amazing. Thats right, yeah. The networks are thrilled, and as a result they promise to incorrectly call the election from now on.Al Gores campaign manager is now asking -- this is the story as of a couple of hours ago -- hes now asking for the ballots in four Florida districts to be counted by hand. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, and George W. Bush said, Well, thatll never work. What happens when you run out of fingers? Im confused.Of course, you all know, elderly citizens in Palm Beach, Florida, have been busy writing thousands and thousands of letters to their election board complaining that the ballot was too confusing. Thats what the elderly are saying. Thats right. Unfortunately, none of the letters have been received because the Palm Beach residents mailed them to their cat.While the election is being decided, George W. Bush has apparently been very busy assembling his cabinet. Thats what hes doing. And meanwhile, Al Gore has been busy resembling a cabinet.This afternoon -- this is true -- Vice President Al Gore played touch football with his wife, Tipper, and other members of his family. Thats what they did, isnt that nice? Gore scored more points than anyone else, but somehow, he still lost.If anybody was watching the news today, George W. Bushs spokesperson says that Governor Bush is now wearing a huge band-aid on the side of his face. . Apparently, its there to cover up a minor infection, described by the spokesperson as some sort of boil. Thats true, true story. Not only that, Bush says he has a boil on his ass he calls Al Gore.I dont know if youve noticed this too, but all of the news channels covering the election controversy in Florida have been giving their coverage different names. Everyone gives it a different name to try and be cooler than the other guy. This is true. For example, MSNBC calls it  Battle for the White House. CNN is calling it Florida Recount. And Fox is calling it When Bikini Voters Attack.A Florida judge ruled that state officials can cut off the vote recount in the Presidential election00 PM. Thats the latest. Thats true. Yeah, apparently -- apparently, the ballots had to be in00 so the vote counters wouldnt miss the early bird special.President Clinton is in Brunei right now on his way to Vietnam. Isnt that exciting? Gonna go to Vietnam. Big move, yeah. Which is really great because now is the perfect time to convince those countries that democracy is the way to go.According to brand new polls that just came out a few hours ago, most Americans say theyre sick -- sick of hearing about the election problems on the news. Theyve had enough. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, so after hearing this, President Clinton offered, for the sake of the country, to have oral sex with Monica Lewinsky again.Theyre still counting in New Mexico. And at the moment, Al Gore is leading by only 375 votes. Thats the latest. Meanwhile, George W. Bush says he didnt even campaign in New Mexico because he doesnt like to travel overseas.The recount in New Mexico is close -- this sounds like a lie, but its true. If it ends up tied, their state law says that the winner is decided by drawing straws or playing a hand of poker. This is according to New Mexicos Attorney General, Pete Rose.The Fox Network, which was the first channel to say that George W. Bush had won the presidency on election night, so they were the first ones to get it wrong -- they have just unveiled a new slogan which is the number one network for political coverage. Thats right, yeah. Foxs second choice for a slogan was, We get it wrong first.The Florida voters in Israel are very angry because they say they punched the wrong hole and accidentally voted for Yasser Arafat.Yesterday, Senator Trent Lott said that Thomas Jefferson was elected after facing a situation very similar to the one now. And he turned out to be a great President. Nice thought. I thought so. Yeah. Yeah, and when he heard this, George W. Bush said, Wait a minute, I thought Thomas Jefferson was a high school.This was in the news today. If there is going to be a statewide recount in Florida, if we do have one, former President Jimmy Carter has offered to oversee it. Thats right. Yeah, and apparently, Al Gore told Carter, No, thanks, I can lose this one on my own. Im fine.This kind of signals the end of an era. In the state of Arkansas, they have begun taking down the 80 signs within its boarders that say Home of President Clinton. Thats right. The 80 signs have been purchased and will be displayed in Hooters restaurants all across the country. A spokesperson for George W. Bush said for the past few days -- this is true -- George W. has kept his TV completely turned off. Isnt watching any of this. Yeah, and the problem is -- the problem is hes been annoying everybody around him by constantly asking, What are the Teletubbies up to?Al Gore says if he ends up winning the election -- if he wins, hed be more than happy to travel to George W. Bushs home so they can meet and discuss national unity. Thats what he said. Yeah, then, apparently - - apparently George W. has a different proposal. He offered to meet Gore in hell.Some Republican congressmen now are actually threatening to boycott the inauguration and the parade to the White House if Al Gore becomes President. Theyre gonna boycott it. Its amazing. Not only that, George W. Bush is threatening to boycott the Macys Thanksgiving parade if they dont have a Scooby-Doo balloon.President Clinton says that this Thanksgiving, we should share the spirit of fellowship and reinforce the ties of our community. Isnt that nice? Yeah, meanwhile, George W. Bush says that this Thanksgiving, Democrats should screw off and let him be President.Every Thanksgiving, and this is true -- Senator Joe Lieberman has to avoid anything that isnt kosher. Thats right. So as a result, hes staying away from the recount in Florida completely.Senator Joe Lieberman called the voting recount in Florida incomplete. Thats what he said. Thats right, yeah, and in response, George W. Bush said, Whats wrong with incomplete? That was my best grade in college.Its been reported that if Al Gore doesnt become president this time, he will not run again in 2004 because his wife Tipper does not want him to. Yeah. Oh. And also, because America does not want him to.Dick Cheney says that George W. Bush plans on emphasizing diversity in his administration. Thats what he says. Thats right. Its true, apparently, theyre gonna hire white guys from all different parts of Texas.A spokesperson for George W. Bush says if Bush ends up being president, theres a good possibility he will appoint some Democrats to his cabinet. Thats what he says hes gonna do. For instance, George W. Bush is planning on appointing Al Gore as his Secretary of Kiss My Ass.In a brief submitted to the Supreme Court, Al Gores lawyers have said that George W. Bushs arguments on the presidential election are insubstantial. Thats what he said. Thats right, yeah. And George W. denied this. And he said, My arguments arent in substantial. Theyre in English.If George W. Bush becomes president and names Colin Powell as his secretary of state, Powell will be the highest-ranked black cabinet member in US history. Isnt that something? Thats very cool. Highest- ranked black cabinet member in history. After hearing this, George W. Bush said, Wait a minute, hes black? Thats what he said. He said, I hope Dad knows what hes doing.In a recent interview, Hillary Clinton said that someday, she will publish her memoirs and they will address her husbands infidelity. Yeah. And Hillary said shes already halfway through because shes finished the first 27 volumes.The country still has no president-elect, and now, Al Gore actually -- hes been on every show in the world. Hes gonna do the Hollywood Squares tomorrow.In an interview, Al Gore said that his chances of winning the election are 50-50. Thats what he says now. Thats right meanwhile, George W. Bush says his chances of winning the election are 70-50.Political experts say that people should not worry about George W. Bush being inexperienced because if he does become president, hell be surrounded by highly regarded people like Dick Cheney and Colin Powell. Theyre saying we shouldnt worry. In fact, George W.s only responsibility at the White House will be killing spiders.Thousands of ballots were driven from Palm Beach county all the way up to the state capitol in Tallahassee. Put them in a truck and drove them all the way. Yeah, and folks, you can tell it was a Florida driver because for the entire 450 miles, the truck had its right blinker on.This is getting weird. Until the election crisis is formally over, the White House is refusing -- theyre refusing to let George W. Bushs team use the transition office. Things are getting nasty. However, President Clinton did agree to let Bushs team hold meetings in his regular booth at hooters.Yesterday, President Clinton gave his opinion. President Clinton said that the Florida votes should be recounted, or -- this is a quote - America will be embarrassed in front of the world. Thats what he said. Thats what he said. Wait. Thats the serious part. . The President went on to say, Remember, embarrassing America in front of the world is my job.Hundreds of people camped out overnight outside the Supreme Court hoping to be one of the few allowed inside to watch. Hundreds. Hundreds outside, just waiting. Yeah, yeah. Apparently, the crowd was made up of Democrats, Republicans and people who thought they were gonna see a Phish concert.The Supreme Court heard arguments from lawyers from Al Gore and lawyers for George W. Bush. Thats whats happening. Unfortunately, some of the older Supreme Court justices got confused and accidentally ruled in favor of Pat Buchanan.It was reported today that President Clinton has almost finished his memoirs. Thats true. Yeah. Thats right. Yeah. When asked about it, the President said, Im almost done. I just need to find a few more synonyms for boinked.It30 right now. We dont know whats going on. So Ill do the best I can. In fact, if they do announce whos president tonight, Ill probably get bumped off the air by Tom Brokaw.Republican leaders say if things go their way -- if things go their way, theyre hoping Al Gore will make a concession speech tonight. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, which is really historic. . Think about it, folks. That is historic. It marks the first time anyones ever wanted Al Gore to make a speech.A lot of Americans, apparently, according to polls, are concerned that no matter who is declared the winner of the election, half the country will not accept the new president. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, and when asked about it, George W. Bush said, I am confident the country will see me as legitable.According to a famous astrologer in Washington, DC, the next president of the US will be Al Gore. Thats what the astrologer said. Yeah, originally, the astrologer said George W. Bush, but Gore demanded she recount her tarot cards.President Clinton and the prime minister of Ireland stopped in a pub for a couple of beers. Thats true, they did that. Apparently, President Clinton had a few too many because he was overheard telling him, You know, buddy, youre starting to look good to me.Al Gore will address the nation00 to concede the election. And00, George W. Bush will address the nation to accept the presidency. Yeah. Then -- theres more. Theres more. Then00, Al Gore will address the nation again, withdraw his concession and file ten more lawsuits.Al Gore apparently went to bed last night without telling his aides -- without telling his aides whether he would concede, and reportedly, he thought about the decision all night long. Thats what theyre saying in the papers today. In fact, they say the only way Gore could finally fall asleep was by recounting sheep.George W. Bush says that now that hes President-elect, his first job will be to unify the country. Thats what he said, which I thought that was very nice. Yeah, then Bush said his second job will be to figure out how they build those model ships inside those tiny bottles.In an appearance today on C-Span.Clarence Thomas told several high school students that politics had zero influence on any Supreme Court decision. Thats what Clarence Thomas said. Yeah, and the high school kids pretended to believe Thomas because he promised to buy them beer.Hillary Clinton has been offered $8 million to write her memoirs. $8 million. Yeah, not only that, President Clinton has offered her $10 million not to write them.In his speech last night, everyones talking about it, Al Gore said that he has no idea what hes gonna do now. Thats what he said. Yeah, and not surprisingly, during his speech, George W. Bush said the same thing.The Secret Service announced that President-elect George W. Bushs new code name is Tumbler. Thats his code name. And not only that, they announced that Dick Cheneys new code name is Quick, call 911.Today, George W. Bush said that hes looking forward to working with Senator Hillary Clinton. Said hes looking forward to working with her. Yeah, fortunately, Hillarys used to being lied to by the President. In his speech last night, Al Gore made a little joke. Al Gore said that he called George W. Bush to concede, and this time Gore didnt call back. Thats what he said. Yeah. Gore admitted he did, however, drive by Bushs house and throw a brick through the window.The Secret Service announced yesterday -- this is true -- that George W. Bushs new code name is Tumbler. Thats his name, Tumbler. Thats right, yeah, the Secret Service said they had to use Tumbler for George W. because Bumbler had already been taken by Dan Quayle.At a church service attended by George W. Bush, the minister speaking compared George W. to Moses. Thats what he said. Thats a true story. Yeah, yeah, not because George W. has been chosen the leader of his people, but because like Moses, he was lost for 40 years.After his concession speech this week, Al Gore threw a wild party -- this is true. And he hung out00 in the morning with guests like Tom Petty and Jon Bon Jovi. Thats what the press said. Yeah, apparently Gore had Petty and Bon Jovi there because he likes to party like its 1989.This week, reporters asked President Clinton what his plans are for after he leaves office. And Clinton said, I want -- this is a quote - I want to do something dear to my heart that Im passionate about. Yeah. In other words, he wants to do Alyssa Milano.Earlier today, in all the news, George W. Bush met with President Clinton at the White House and they had lunch together. Isnt that nice? They got together and had lunch. Yes. Yeah, Bush said that hed eaten at the White House when his dad was president, but this was the first time he got to sit at the grown-ups table.This week, important announcement. George W. Bush announced that his nominee for national security adviser is Condoleezza Rice. Thats right, yeah. And when George W. made the announcement, he said the Rice part, and Dick Cheney said the Condoleezza part.Sam Donaldson says that its correct to address George W. Bush as Governor, and its not correct to address him as President-elect. Thats according to Sam Donaldson. Yeah, and in a related story, Bush says its correct to address Donaldson as Mr. Yak-hair.According to a new poll that just came out, a majority of Americans think that Al Gore will win if he faces off against George W. Bush in the 2004 election. Thats what they say. Of course, they dont think Gore will become president, they just think hell win.Yesterday, President Clinton ruled out becoming a mayor or a governor when he leaves office, but this is the interesting part. He did not rule out becoming a judge. True story. In fact, the President expressed interest in becoming a judge in both the Miss America and the Miss Universe pageant.The other day, this is pretty serious. A man was arrested outside George W. Bushs Texas ranch because police found several guns in his car. Yeah. And the surprising part is, the man was Al Gore.George W. Bush formally resigned as Governor of Texas. He resigned. Yeah. Yeah, the people of Texas thanked Bush for his service and as a going away present, they let him execute 15 people.George W. Bush will probably -- probably select New Jersey Governor Christy Todd Whitman to head the Environmental Protection Agency. . And Governor Whitman said, if she gets the job to protect the environment, the first thing shell do is close down New Jersey.President-elect George W. Bush -- this is interesting -- he made four more appointments to his Cabinet today, but he still has a few more to go. Hes got quite a few still more to go. And unfortunately, George W. has run out of people to appoint because the rest of his dads friends have passed away.Were supposed to get up to 15 inches of snow. 15 inches. Amazing. True. Yeah, its interesting. Senator Hillary Clinton says shes never seen it snow that much in all the years shes lived in New York.Yesterday, Yasser Arafat called President Clinton to set up an urgent meeting. Fascinating. An urgent meeting. This is big. Yeah, the President was overheard telling Arafat, Urgent, oh, my God, dont tell me youre pregnant.According to a new study in the Medical Journal -- this is true -- cocaine use is linked to heart attack. Thats what they say. Thats right. Yeah, and after hearing this, George W. Bush said, So Cheney has been dipping into my stash.Today, just after she was sworn in as a Senator, Hillary Clinton received a hug and a kiss from 98-year-old Senator Strom Thurmond. Isnt that sweet? Very nice. The weird thing is, not only did Thurmond hug and kiss Hillary, he also whispered in her ear, I love you, Betsy Ross.The Secret Service says that they have already taken precautions for George W. Bushs inaugural parade. Do you believe that? Theyve already taken a lot of precautions. Yeah, and apparently, the biggest precaution theyre taking is attaching George W.s mittens to his coat sleeves.A very big celebration for Senator Hillary Clintons swearing-in is gonna be held in New York late Sunday afternoon. And some people are upset because its happening at the same time as the Giants playoff game. Yeah, some people are bummed about it. Yeah, when asked about it, Hillary said, So what? Who cares about the San Francisco Giants?Yesterday, Yasser Arafat said that hes hoping to reach a peace deal with Israel before President Clinton leaves office. Isnt that good news? Wants to try to do it before President Clinton leaves office. I thought that was neat. Yeah. Yasser Arafat wants to reach a deal with Clinton because George W. Bush thinks the Palestinian state is somewhere in the Midwest.98-year-old Senator Strom Thurmond has recommended that his son, Strom Thurmond Jr., be appointed the US Attorney for South Carolina. Thats his latest recommendation. Yeah, and in his recommendation, Senator Thurmond wrote that his son is very bright, very hard-working, and shows a lot of maturity for an 82-year-old.George W. Bushs pick for the Secretary of Labor, Linda Chavez, has withdrawn her nomination because she was accused of hiring an illegal alien. So she withdrew. Thats the latest news. Yeah, however, George W.s new Labor nominee may have even more trouble getting confirmed. Apparently, its Kathie Lee Gifford.China sent a message to George W. Bush saying that his US missile defense proposal will have a formidable adverse global impact, and poison the trend towards multipolarity. Thats right. In response, George W. Bush said, What?It was reported in the Washington Post that George W. Bushs wife Laura has finally decided what to wear to next weekends inaugural ball. Its true, and they showed a picture and everything. Yeah, apparently, its a big white gown that says, Im with stupid.The US Army unveiled a new slogan yesterday, replacing Be All That You Can Be with their new phrase, An Army of One. Thats the new one. Thats the actual new slogan, yeah. Apparently, this narrowly beat out the runner-up slogan, Keep it to Yourself if Youre Queer.This past weekend, in Washington, there was a dress rehearsal for the upcoming Presidential inauguration. They had a dress rehearsal. Yeah, and apparently George W. Bush misunderstood, because he showed up wearing a dress.The White House announced yesterday that President Clinton will make a farewell speech to the American people this week. Isnt that exciting? Hes gonna give his farewell speech, talk to everybody. Thats right. Yeah, this will be Clintons first farewell speech that wasnt written on a Post-It note and left on a pillow.Earlier today, true story, George W. Bush visited his boyhood home of Midland, Texas. Very inspirational trip. Yeah, George W. said it was an extremely emotional trip going back to the first place he flunked math.Hearings are under way for President-elect Bushs cabinet. Secretary of Interior nominee Gail Norton met with senators this week to convince them that she will work very hard to protect endangered species. Thats what she said, which I thought was nice. Apparently, everything was going really well until lunch when Norton ordered the deep-fried panda cutlets.Earlier tonight, President Clinton said goodbye to the American people in a nationally televised speech. . I thought he came off a bit insincere because he ended the speech by saying, You guys were really special. Ill call you.It was reported today that Jesse Jackson recently fathered a child out of wedlock. Its true. Yeah, and after the story was reported, Jesse was quoted as saying, What rhymes with uh-oh?Just happened a few hours ago, in order to avoid being prosecuted for perjury after he leaves office -- which I guess they were thinking of doing -- President Clinton, today, acknowledged he didnt always tell the truth under oath. He finally acknowledged it -- yeah. Yeah, Clinton said that the first time he misled anyone under oath was when he said I do at his wedding.Today on the last full day of the Clinton Administration, Linda Tripp was fired. They fired her today. Yeah. True story. Yeah, and afterwards, Tripp was furious and said, How can they fire me? Ive got three kids and two plastic surgeons to feed.A group of sixth graders from New York have been invited to Washington to attend George W. Bushs inauguration. Isnt that sweet? A bunch of sixth graders are gonna go. Yeah, its really cool, the sixth graders were invited because they wrote George W.s speech.Yesterday, President George W. Bush admitted that he was troubled by President Clintons last minute pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich. Thats what he said. Yeah, later, President Bush admitted that he didnt find it as troubling as pronouncing the word financier.According to the New York Observer -- apparently true -- former Vice President Al Gore has accepted a job at the Columbia School of Journalism. Thats true. Yeah, apparently, the journalism school has hired Gore as a podium.Earlier tonight, President George W. Bush invited members of the Kennedy family over to watch the movie Thirteen Days, which is all about the Cuban missile crisis. Thats true. Yeah, they all got together and watched that movie about the Cuban missile crisis. Yeah, and apparently there was one awkward moment when halfway through the movie, George W. leaned over and said, Gee, I wonder how it ends.One year ago today, one year ago from this day, Al Gore was declared the winner of the New Hampshire primary. That was one year ago today that that happened. And in a related story, earlier today, Al Gore was declared the winner of a game of Nintendo football.Its been reported that teen horror film director Wes Craven.was actually asked to shoot a film that documented Bill Clintons last day in office. Thats a true story, yeah. Yeah, apparently Craven wanted to call the film, I know who you did last summer.The New Mexico Legislature has formally asked their governor, the governor of New Mexico, to pardon the Old West outlaw Billy the Kid. Theyve asked him to pardon -- thats a true story. Yeah, apparently Billy the Kids ex-wife was a big contributor to Hillary Clintons campaign, so - they got him off the hook.Its been reported that, earlier today, Ariel Sharon was elected the prime minister of Israel by a landslide. Won by a landslide. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, and apparently the Palestinians celebrated by picking up pieces of the landslide and throwing it at the Israelis.President George W. Bush unveiled his education reform plan.  He has a big education plan. Yeah, the President was quoted as saying, I dont want what happened to me to happen to anyone else.President Clinton and Senator Hillary Clinton are apparently involved in a brand new controversy over a couch they took from the White House that critics say doesnt belong to them. Thats the latest. Yeah, took a couch. Yeah, when asked about it, the former President said, Hey, I need that couch. Otherwise, Ill have to sleep on the floor.Conservative candidate Ariel Sharon defeated Ehud Barak in the Israeli election. Defeated him. So Barak lost. Yeah, and afterwards, a really depressed Barak was quoted as saying, You know, I never should have picked a Jewish running mate.Yesterday, the Secret Service caught a former IRS employee outside the White House after he fired three shots from a gun. This is big. This is a big story. Thats right. Yeah, the man was immediately arrested and given a job at the Post Office.A man carrying a gun was arrested just outside the White House. This is very strange, but everythings under control. Yeah, the Secret Service says the last weirdo who came that close to the White House before being stopped was Al Gore.President George W. Bush called Yassir Arafat. He called him up on the phone, yeah. Yeah, things actually got off to an awkward start cause Bush picked up the phone and said, Hey, arent you the guy with that thing on your head?Yesterday, the show Baywatch announced its going off the air. After hearing this, President Clinton said, This never would have happened if I were still President.Joe Lieberman asked MTV to cancel the show Jackass after two fans repeated one of its stunts and lit themselves on fire. He wants it canceled now. Yeah, and in a related story, George W. Bush has asked the cartoon network to cancel Scooby Doo, because it makes him scared of ghosts.Martin Sheen, who plays the president on The West Wing, said in a recent interview that he thinks President Bush is a moron. . Yeah, and after hearing this, President Bush got really upset and said, Hey! That is classified information.In Thailand -- its actually in downtown Bangkok -- a building has been named Clinton Plaza. . And get this -- it contains six stories of discos, gogo bars and strip clubs. Thats true. Apparently, President Clinton is furious because they stole the idea from his presidential library.Former President Clinton checked out possible office space in Harlem. And he was checking out this office space in Harlem, and hundreds of people suddenly gathered in the streets to welcome him. Pretty exciting, cool thing to see. And later, the President said he looks forward to getting to know the people of Harlem and then stealing their furniture.It was reported today that modern, accurate voting machines will not, I repeat, will not be available in time for the 2004 presidential election. . Yeah, and after hearing this, President Bush said, Thank God.Tomorrow, President Bush makes his first trip outside the country as President when he travels to Mexico. Isnt that exciting? When asked about it, the President said, I am really looking forward to it. I have never been to Europe.President Clinton is still looking for high-rise office space with a clear view of Manhattan. Thats what he says. Yeah, meanwhile, Senator Hillary Clinton is looking for high-rise office space with a clear view of President Clinton.President Bush said his meeting with the President of Mexico shows other countries that -- this is a quote - If you are our friend, well be your friend. That was his quote. Yeah. Yeah, then President Bush set up a play-date with Canada.Senator Hillary Clinton moved into her new house in Washington, DC. She moved in. Shes got a new house, yeah. .Yeah, apparently, Hillary decided to meet some of her new neighbors by going over to their house to borrow a cup of furniture.Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott said that he is seriously considering proposing a monument to African Americans. Thats what Trent Lott said. . Yeah, not only that -- the Republican leader said, someday, hes hoping to meet an African American.An art museum in New York has sparked a huge controversy with a new exhibit that depicts Jesus as an attractive, naked woman. So everyones - - yeah, people are outraged. Yeah, and after seeing the exhibit, President Clinton announced hes born again.In a speech in Ohio today, President Bush says he wants to spend -- get this -- $5 billion to improve reading skills across the country. Thats what he said, $5 billion to improve reading. Hes very cool. Yeah, the President made his point by looking into the teleprompter and saying, It is very important that we imporve redding.Former President Carter said that Bill Clinton brought disgrace to the White House with his last-minute pardon of Marc Rich. Thats what former President Carter said. Yeah, and after hearing this, President Clinton denied the accusation and said, That is not how I brought disgrace to the White House.This week, Senator Joe Lieberman gave a speech. He told a crowd in Florida that he believes he and Al Gore will run for President again in 2004. Thats what he said. Yeah, and after hearing the news, the crowd went wild and accidentally donated money to Pat Buchanan.It was reported today that Al Gores students -- his students in his Columbia University journalism class -- have been told specifically to address him as Mr. Vice President, Professor Gore or Mr. Gore.  Those are the rules. Yeah, yesterday, the former Vice President told the students he will no longer respond to, Hey, loser!When Christina Aguilera was being interviewed, just before the Grammy awards the other day, she said -- this was a quote - I am accustomed to all the hecticity of these events. Yeah, in a related story, it turns out Aguilera is the main speechwriter for President Bush.Yesterday, Senator Hillary Clinton denied any knowledge that her brother accepted bribes. Denied it, yeah. Thats right, yeah. Hillary was quoted as saying, If I dont know what my husbands up to, I certainly dont know what my brothers up to.According to an investigation led by two Florida newspapers -- they just released the findings today -- if a hand recount in Florida had been completed, if they had finished it, Al Gore still would have lost the election. Thats what theyre saying. Yeah, and after hearing this, Gore said, You know, I feel much better now, knowing that Im a legitimate loser.The other day on Capitol Hill, Republicans announced plans for a national museum honoring African Americans. ... Yeah, the Republicans say the only thing holding the project up is finding a location thats not in their neighborhood.Chelsea Clinton turned 21 yesterday and she celebrated by having a birthday party with all her friends. Isnt that nice? She turned 21. She had a nice little party. I thought so. Yeah, when asked about it, President Clinton said, You know, Im really happy Chelsea turned 21, but I was even happier when her friends turned 21.Last night, President Bush delivered his first speech -- this is important. His first speech before Congress. And this is interesting. The speech was interrupted over 80 times by applause. Isnt that amazing? Over 80 times by applause. Yeah, not only that -- it was interrupted five more times because Bush was distracted by shiny objects.In a new poll, 47% of New Yorkers said that they would like former President Clinton to run for mayor of New York. Yeah, apparently, its the same 47% of New Yorkers who were recently pardoned by President Clinton.The other night, President Bushs daughter Jenna had the Secret Service bail her boyfriend out of jail after he was arrested for being drunk. True story. Thats right. Yeah, President Bush said he shouldnt have involved the Secret Service. A real man would have denied everything and had his daddy fix it for him.According to USA Today.former President Clinton has had a lot of trouble adjusting to life after the presidency. And, according to the newspaper, he even has problems using the telephone. Thats what they said. Yeah, apparently, Clinton is not used to dialing 1-900 numbers by himself.At New York restaurant, Whoopi Goldberg sent a $1,200 bottle of wine over to President Clintons table. Thats a true story. Thats right. Yeah, immediately after receiving the expensive gift, President Clinton pardoned Whoopi for Hollywood Squares.According to a New York Times poll, President George W. Bush has a job approval rating of 60%, which is very high. Yeah, thats right.  Yeah, and you know what, folks? Ill tell ya -- Bush is hoping the number will go even higher, because if it reaches 70%, Dick Cheney promised to take him to the circus.Senator Hillary Clinton lashed out angrily at President Bush for breaking a campaign promise regarding carbon dioxide emission. Apparently, shes really mad about this. Yeah, thats right. Yeah, Hillary was quoted as saying, You know, this President has about as much credibility as that last guy.During a speech the other day, President Bush made up a brand-new word. Yeah, he just in the middle of a speech, he made up a brand- new word -- Hispanically. . Yeah, when asked what Hispanically means, the President said, You know. Not caucasable.Today President George W. Bush addressed a convention of over 500 cardiologists. Thats true. Yeah, and during his speech, the President thanked each one of them for working on Dick Cheney.Its been reported that Bob Dole.is going to be appearing in a Pepsi commercial with Britney Spears. Yeah, apparently Dole says that if this doesnt cure his erectile dysfunction, nothing will.The New York legislature is considering banning the use of handheld cell phones while driving. . Theres a reason, yeah. Studies have shown its very difficult for New Yorkers to hold a cell phone while giving someone the finger.The biggest news is still the midair collision between an American spy plane and a Chinese fighter plane. Thats the story everyones talking about. Yeah, and apparently the planes collided because the Chinese pilot was trying to slip a menu under the American planes door.Yesterday, China demanded an apology from the US for the collision between the two countries airplanes. Thats right. Is demanding an apology. And in response, President Bush said, Well, why should we? They never apologized for bombing Pearl Harbor.The New York Times has announced that for the first time -- first time -- in its history, it will begin carrying personal ads. The New York Times has never done that. Yeah, and apparently the first personal ad that appeared was placed by a single white ex-President.Just like two days ago -- a Hillary Clinton look-alike tried to get into President Clintons new office in Harlem. Did you hear about this? A look-alike tried to get into his office. Yeah, which is ridiculous, cause if a woman wants to get into his office, the last thing she should do is pretend shes Hillary Clinton.New York politician Andrew Cuomo is in the news, because hes been criticizing HBOs hit show the Sopranos for its negative portrayal of Italian Americans. True story. Yeah, thats right. Yeah, Cuomo said, Listen, you freakin goombahs. Knock it off, or Ill have you whacked.Yesterday, China, once again, demanded an apology from the US over the spy plane incident. They want an apology. Thats right. Yeah, in response, President Bush said, Sorry, but the word apology, like most words, is not in my vocabulary.Yesterday, for the first time during his Administration, President George W. Bush appointed an openly gay man. True story. True story. Yeah. Yeah, the President was quoted as saying, I respect the man for not hiding his gayocity.Yesterday, Kevin Costner was in Cuba to attend a special screening of the movie 13 Days. Thats right. Yeah, and afterwards a spokesperson for Cuba said, you know, economic sanctions are one thing, but sending Costner, thats just cruel.Ive got terrific news. You probably all know this by now. Big, big story. Today President Bush announced that all 24 members of the American spy plane crew were finally released from China. Isnt this nice? Very good news. Thats right, yeah. George W. says his next goal is to get the castaways off Gilligans Island.Senator Hillary Clinton said that shes planning to take a spring break in the Dominican Republic with former President Clinton. Thats what she said. Yeah, and when asked why she chose the Dominican Republic, Hillary said, My husbands banned from spring break in the US.To celebrate the return of the US spy planes crew -- true story -- they were served a welcome back meal today of steak, mashed potatoes and apple pie. Isnt that nice? Nice meal. Thats right. And to celebrate President Bushs accomplishment, his parents took him to Burger King and let him wear a crown.An official in Honduras has warned that women who wear provocative bikinis could be arrested by the police. Thats what theyre saying in Honduras. Thats right. And in a related story, President Clinton plans to become a Honduran policeman.Children that attend the White House Easter egg roll are gonna be frisked for weapons by the Secret Service. Thats true. Theyre gonna frisk kids. Yeah, not only that -- theyve threatened to arrest any child who tells President Bush theres no Easter Bunny.The crew of the US spy plane has come home. But its still unclear whether China is gonna return our plane. Yeah, still unclear. Yeah, apparently, the Chinese wont return the plane, because they say they dont deliver outside a ten-block area.Yesterday, people who claim to be descendants of President Thomas Jefferson met at the White House. They all got together and met there. Its a big deal. And in a related story, next week, people who claim to be descendants of President Clinton are gonna meet at Giants Stadium.According to the White House, President Bush will deliver a commencement speech next month at Notre Dame. Thats right. Hes gonna give their commencement speech. And apparently -- apparently, George W. will tell the graduates to work hard, be honest and always hire a Vice President whos much smarter than you are.It was reported today that former President Clinton has been hanging out in a bar in Chautauqua, New York. Apparently, he was there like every -- what? Like every night last week, he was hanging out at this bar. Yeah, and apparently, whenever President Clinton goes he asks for the usual, and the waitress gives him a restraining order.I love the idea that he -- two months ago - was leader of the free world. Now, a barfly hanging out.Florida Governor Jeb Bush asked President Bush to stop the sale of oil off the coast of Florida. But the President turned his brother down. Big story, yeah. Yeah, in a related story, Jeb Bush just announced that Al Gore won the state of Florida.Al Gore back in the news. It was reported today -- true story -- that Al Gore has put on 30 pounds since losing the election. And experts attribute this to depression. Thats what theyre saying. Thats right, yeah. In a related story, Michael Dukakis now weighs 12,000 pounds.President Bush left for Canada to attend a trade summit. Big news. Thats right, yeah. Reportedly, the trade summit got off to an awkward start when the President pulled out his baseball cards.According to the latest poll in the Washington Post, 63% of Americans said that, so far, they approve of President Bush. 63%. Thats right. Yeah, and guess what? And not surprisingly -- not surprisingly -- the other 37% are English teachers.Yesterday, at the White House, in the middle of an interview, President Bush got up out of his chair and started swatting at a housefly. Yeah. This really happened, yeah. And when asked about it, the White House spokesperson said, Hey, thats nothing. You should see him chase a tennis ball.Controversial Democratic fundraiser Denise Rich told reporters yesterday that, although she had access to President Clinton, they never had sex. Thats what she said. True. Yeah, and you know what? The weird thing is right afterwards, Hillary Clinton said the same thing.In other news this week, President George W. Bush... announced that the US will do whatever it takes to defend Taiwan. Thats what he said. Yeah, and apparently he added that doing whatever it takes would include learning where the hell Taiwan is.Theres a rumor going around Washington that 71-year-old Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day OConnor is considering retiring. Thats right. Yeah, the rumor got started when people noticed OConnor was wearing her bathrobe over her regular robe.President Bush has nominated one of his college fraternity brothers to be the new ambassador to China. Its true. Thats right. Apparently, his mission will be to introduce the Chinese to democracy, free trade and the beer bong.President Bush has announced -- he announced this yesterday -- he wants to construct a $200 billion outer space missile defense shield. He wants to do that. He says hes determined to do it. Yeah, and apparently, George W. says hes certain the missile shield will work because he saw one just like it in Spy Kids.A library in Ireland announced it wants a book returned that was taken out 130 years ago. Yeah, and after hearing this, Strom Thurmond said, But Im not finished with it yet.This week, People magazine named First Lady Laura Bush one of the 50 most beautiful people. And President Bush agreed, saying hes known that for years. Isnt that nice? Yeah, President Bush said, I knew Laura was beautiful the moment Dick Cheney told me she was.On Saturday, Cliff Hillegass, who was the creator of Cliffs Notes, which some of you may remember from college.passed away at age 83. Yeah, and after hearing this, President Bush was quoted as saying,  Thats too bad, he was my favorite author.It was reported today that in the past year, the number of cases of syphilis in New York has risen sharply. True story. Yeah. Yeah, and after hearing this, President Clinton said, Have I been here a year already?The Today show broadcast live from Bangkok as part of their annual series Where in the World is Matt Lauer? True story. He was in Bangkok, yeah. And apparently President Bush watched it at the White House and then said, Where in the world is Bangkok?Yesterday, Al Gore visited Florida for the first time since the presidential election. Yeah, and I think Gore is still bitter because he began his speech yesterday by saying, Greetings, you stupid, old fools.The White House announced that President Bush recently submitted to a urine test. Thats right. Yeah, and not surprisingly, before taking the test, the President wrote the correct answers on his hand.Theres a rumor in Britain right now that President Clinton is going to be knighted by Queen Elizabeth. Its a real rumor. Thats right. Yeah, if you think about it, its really odd, because usually women are on their knees in front of him.Last night, true story, Massachusetts Governor Jane Swift became the first US governor ever to give birth to twins while in office. How cool is that? . Yeah, coincidentally, 15 years ago in Arkansas, Bill Clinton became the first US Governor to sleep with twins.The Supreme Court ruled this week that smoking marijuana is illegal in the US no matter what the circumstances. Yeah, apparently, the decision was handed down in the case of the US vs. Cheech & Chong.According to new government data, true story, one out of every five adults in the US needs cholesterol-lowering drugs. One out of five.  Yeah, and critics say Americans dont really need the cholesterol drugs. Theyre just trying to look vice presidential.It was reported today that President Clinton -- true story - - has lost 20 pounds since leaving office. Thats pretty impressive. 20 pounds - just gone away, just melted. Thats right. Yeah, and when asked about it, the former President pointed at Hillary and said, Id like to lose 140 more.President Bush was the commencement speaker at Yale University . and this is the good part -- 170 professors signed a letter of protest. Yeah, and when asked about it, the President said, Thats nothing. When I graduated, 300 professors signed a letter of protest.The Pentagon has been accused of wasting money because they sent a huge aircraft carrier from San Diego to Hawaii for the premiere of the movie Pearl Harbor. People are upset. Not only that -- this is worse -- the government spent $1 million transporting Strom Thurmond to the premiere of The Mummy Returns.It was reported today that Janet Reno -- do you remember Janet Reno? Janet Reno is considering running for governor of Florida. Thats right. Yeah, yeah. Reno will not reveal if shes gonna run as a Democrat, independent, man or woman.Apparently, the White House says theyve given up hopes of flying our damaged spy plane home from China, and instead, theyll have to pack the plane into crates and ship it home. . Yeah, on the bright side, each crate sent from China will contain extra duck sauce and a fortune cookie.Republican Senator Jim Jeffords said yesterday that hes thinking about switching to a different political party. Could be a big story, yeah. Reportedly, Democrats have offered him a $50 rebate and 100 minutes of free long distance calls.President Bush gave a speech today, and he said he would respect Senator Jim Jeffords decision to switch parties. Thats what he said.  Yeah. Bush said, Its no big deal -- in college, I switched parties every time the keg ran out.President Bush met with Tibets exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. They had a meeting. Yeah, and the meeting went well, even though George W. kept calling the Dalai Lama Jackie Chan.Sen. Jim Jeffords made big news when he switched political parties. Everyone was talking about it. And then, it was pointed out that Strom Thurmond once switched parties. Thats a true story. Yeah, apparently, years ago, Strom switched from the Hunters to the Gatherers.This week, Democrats were really angry. Democrats criticized Republicans because Republicans invited all their rich donors to Dick Cheneys vice presidential mansion for a private party. And people thought that was wrong. And folks, even worse, for $100,000 extra, Cheney let the donors practice CPR on him.For the second time in a week, President Bush made an appearance at one of our national parks, and he announced a new environmental program. Isnt that nice? . And it should be a really effective program. President Bush is going to recycle all his daughters beer bottles.Vanity Fair magazine reports that former President Clinton and Al Gore havent spoken to each other since George W. Bushs inauguration. Theyre not speaking. Yeah, and folks, not only that, Bill and his wife Hillary havent spoken since Richard Nixons inauguration.President Bushs niece, Lauren, has begun a modeling career, and shes gonna appear on the cover of a magazine called Tattler. Isnt that nice? I think thats sweet news. Very nice. Yeah, meanwhile President Bushs daughters will appear on the cover of a magazine called Glug, Glug.President Bush -- a lot of people have been complaining for a while that he doesnt care about the environment. Now, have you noticed? He is now focusing on the environment. If youve been reading the newspapers, hes really getting into it. Once they explained what it was.Next week, President Bush is going to address an international summit on the problems of global warming. . The President says, Global warming is a serious problem. If we dont do something soon, my daughters wont be able to have frozen margaritas.Of course, the big story this week -- you all know the Democrats took control of the US Senate because Vermont Senator Jim Jeffords switched from Republican to Independent. Big deal. Thats what everyones been talking about. And ironically -- this is strange -- Jeffords did this on the same week that Jenna Bush switched from Miller Lite to Heineken.Of course, the Presidents brothers in the news -- Jeb Bush. I love that -- Jeb. Jeb, get over here. All right, Pa. Im a comin, Pa.Jeb Bush has announced that he will run for reelection as governor of Florida even if his opponent is Janet Reno. She might run, yeah. Yeah, Bush says that if he runs against Reno, his campaign slogan will be Let the best man win.Next month, President George W. Bush is going to attend the G-8 economic summit, which is a big summit. Hes goin to the G-8 economic summit, yeah. And apparently, the first time his staff told him about G-8, Bush yelled, Bingo!A group of doctors are trying to ban TV ads like Bob Doles Viagra commercial because they think the ads are unethical. Thats what they said. Thats right, yeah. They say the ads have caused a false demand for Viagra and, even worse, theyve caused people to think about Bob Dole with an erection.President Bush is in some big trouble. I dont know if you saw this, but the New York Times reported today that President Bushs approval rating is the worst its ever been. The worst. Yeah. Yeah, when asked about it, the President said, I havent seen numbers this low since I took the SATs.Good news for former President Clinton. Its time he had some good news, right? Hes had a lot of problems. . It was reported today that former President Clinton could get -- he could get more money for his memoirs than his wife Hillary Clinton got for hers. Good news. Very good news.  Thats right. Yeah, President Clintons memoirs are tentatively titled, It Takes A Hot Tub.Former President Nixons family announced yesterday that theyre gonna rebury Nixons dog Checkers next to former President Nixon. Theyre gonna dig him up and rebury him so that they can be together, yeah. Its kind of nice. Thats right. Yeah, and, in a related story, President George W. Bush says that when he dies, he wants to be buried next to Scooby Doo.Former President Clinton -- he will not go away, hes like the thing from the swamp.Former President Clinton spoke at a high school graduation here in New York, and he told the students -- this is what he said, I thought was strange -- he said he wishes he were 35 to 40 years younger. Thats what he said in his speech, yeah. Yeah, not only that, President Clinton told the female students he wishes they were two to three years older.President Bush met with the Prime Minister of Israel. There was one awkward moment when President Bush asked, Wait a minute, if youre Jewish, how can you be a minister?It was a year ago today, that after a long, drawn-out process, Elian Gonzalez was returned to Cuba with his father. That was a year ago. . And they actually -- they talked to Elian. Elian says hes glad hes back in Cuba, but he does miss that nice man Janet Reno.Speaking of Florida, it was reported today that Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris -- remember her? Katherine Harris is considering running for Congress. Yeah, yeah. When asked about it, Harris said, I know I can win -- especially if they let me count the votes.Today Vice President Dick Cheney announced hes gonna undergo a routine procedure to have a pacemaker placed in his heart. Yeah, and apparently, hes gonna be fine, but theyre gonna do that. Cheney said the only problem is that while hes having the procedure done, President Bush will be running the country.Al Gore has announced that he will campaign -- he will campaign to help next years Democratic congressional candidates. Isnt that nice? Hes gonna help them out. Thats right, and apparently, Gore says he will help the Democratic candidates by campaigning for the Republicans.This week, scientists in Ethiopia found a set of teeth that may be close to 6 million years old. Isnt that amazing? Teeth that are 6 million years old. Yeah, and after hearing this, Senator Strom Thurmond called up and said, I want my choppers back.Late last night a woman in Washington, DC, gave birth to septuplets. Isnt that nice. Septuplets. And they are fine. They are all healthy. Yeah, apparently everyone in Washington is talking about the septuplets. Even President Bush called and said, I wish both your babies well.An Arab newspaper, reports that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein is thinking of stepping down in September. He might leave? He might step down. Yeah. Apparently thats what they are saying. Yeah, when asked about it, Saddam said, I want to spend more time with the family members I havent executed.Vice President Dick Cheney came down with laryngitis, so his wife.had to deliver a speech for him. Isnt that amazing? Yeah, and afterwards, Cheneys wife had to spend the rest of the day telling President Bush what to do.President Bush and several world leaders are heading to a conference in Italy, and as a precaution, true story, the Italian police have rounded up several anarchists. That really happened. Yeah, and after hearing about it, President Bush told the police, Good work. Now you should send those anarchists back home to Antarctica.It was reported today that about a week ago, Hillary Clinton officiated at the wedding of one of her longtime political aides. . There was one awkward moment, though. Right at the point where they ask if anybody has a reason to object, Hillary got out her wedding album.The Post Office says it will pay its executives millions of dollars in bonuses despite the fact that it has a $2 billion deficit. Thats what they said. Yeah, unfortunately, the executives will never have a chance to cash their bonuses because theyre being delivered through the US Mail.President Bush is in London today. Thats right. And just as his car pulled into Buckingham Palace, a naked man, wearing only tennis shoes, ran towards him. True story. Thats right, yeah. And in a related story, it turns out, Prince Charles family jewels are as big as his ears.In an interview yesterday -- this is a little controversial.  Former President Jimmy Carter was extremely critical of President Bush. Very critical of President Bush. Thats right, Carters exact quote was, This guy is the worst President since me.According to the latest poll in northern California, 60% of voters -- 60% - - say they will not vote for Congressman Gary Condit in the next election. 60%. Thats right. Apparently the other 40% are dating Gary Condit.Yesterday, Jimmy Carter said that he has been -- this is a quote - disappointed in almost everything President Bush has done as President. Thats what he said. Yeah, and after hearing this, President Bush said, Who the hell is Jimmy Carter?Yesterday in Washington, former President Clinton dropped by his wife Hillarys office for the very first time. Thats right. Yeah, and when asked about it, President Clinton said, I wanted to walk in on her unexpectedly and see how she likes it.The New York Post claims that Senator Hillary Clinton has voted against more of President Bushs nominees than any other senator. Shes really going after him. . When asked why, Hillary said -- and this is a quote, Its hard to get out of the habit of fighting with the President.