Im driving and I see a guy and Im thinking, Now thats sneaky, thats no good. I see a guy in a car, hes driving.with a cardboard cutout of Al Gore and I said, Thats not cool, so I pull up along...Well, it turned out it was Al Gore. It actually was Al Gore.I can feel it, you can tell, little by little each day, New York City is really getting back to normal. And Ill tell you what, wait a minute. Today...for example, today, Mayor Giuliani said it was okay to give each other the finger.I want to tell you something. Security here in New York City is still very, very intense, very tight. Hookers in Times Square now are demanding two forms of fake ID.Former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey has quit his law firm, resigned from the law firm. Hes resigning to marry Elton John.Well, how about, how about the chaos going on in the Ukraine? Isnt that crazy, ladies and gentlemen? Dont worry, I understand now the State Department is going to send in Dennis Rodman.Clinton is saying in an interview in Time magazine, hes saying that if he were Joe Six-Pack -- this is Clinton talking, Clinton saying -- if he were Joe Six-Pack, you know, he would want his day in court. Hes disappointed now he didnt get his day in court.  And Im thinking, Well, Bill...Bill, just relax.  Maybe one of the other 100 women you hit on will come through for you.I feel badly for President Clinton.  Thats a tough situation there in Hawaii.  You know, he sees those women in grass skirts; he doesnt know whether to smoke it or chase it.A week ago Saturday, Bob Dole appeared on Saturday Night Live.  ...  The previous week, Bob Dole was actually on this program, down in Washington, D.C.  Are you like me, ladies and gentlemen -- you beginning to get the feeling that maybe Bob doesnt know the election is over?President Tubby Clinton, Bubba, is vacationing in the South Pacific.  You know, hes in Hawaii, then hes in Australia. ...  And theyre criticizing the President now because theyre claiming that on his vacation he took with him a golf pro.  Thats not true, believe me.  I looked in the newspaper; I saw the photos.  Its the same entourage that the President always travels with: its himself, its three fry cooks, and a couple of hookers.  Its the same.President Clinton is all very upset now.  Hes claiming that he been falsely accused of illegal fund-raising.  Have you read this?  And hes comparing himself now to alleged Atlanta bomber Richard Jewell.  Thats very odd.  President Clinton is saying he had nothing to do with the illegal fund-raising, and comparing himself to accused Atlanta bomber Richard Jewell.  This is ridiculous.  The only thing President Clinton has ever blown up is his waistline.Earlier this week, the Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off.  On board-- you probably know this, now -- Story Musgrave, 61-year-old astronomer, worlds oldest astronaut.  Unbelievable.  Shortly after liftoff, people actually claim they saw the space shuttle going about 20 miles an hour with the left blinker on.President Clinton and his family vacationed in Australia last week.  According to reports, while Down Under, he rapidly developed a powerful taste for this local delicacy: thats right, Kentucky Fried Kangaroo.Sharon Stone is giving this interview, and shes saying about President Clinton...that if he was not married, she, Sharon Stone, would be on President Clinton like white on rice.  Quite a turn of phrase, eh?  Shes a regular wordsmith, aint she?  So President Clinton hears Sharon Stone say that if he was single, now, Sharon Stone would be on him like white on rice, and you know two things were going through his mind at that point. Two things.  First of all, President Clinton is saying, Mmmm, Sharon Stone. Number two, Mmmm, rice!(playing a current events Q&A with a spectator) : What does Anthony Lake hope to accomplish as the new CIA chief? Spectator: Not get caught in anything.Letterman: Youre coming around.  ...  The answer we were looking for: Nail that red-haired babe from the X- Files.Several key White House staffers were going to visit us on the program, but at the last minute they were called back to Washington to help the President choose the new First Mistress.Have you heard about this?  The Democrats now apparently have accepted millions and millions and millions of dollars of illegal campaign donations and contributions from the Asians. ...  Ladies and gentlemen, what is happening to this country?  Seriously, what is going on here?  What is wrong?  What about the old days, you know, when you get millions and millions and millions of dollars of illegal contributions from Americans?How many folks been to Disney World? ...  They are now revamping the Pirates of the Caribbean. ...  Theyre revamping it now, so from now on, the pirates will be chasing the food, not the women. .  ..  Coincidentally, this is President Clintons number one New Years resolution.President Clinton right now, right now, is preparing his inauguration address.  Hes working very, very hard on it.  And Im thinking, well, what is so hard about that?  Just take the one from four years ago...add a few more empty promises, boom, youre in business, there you go.According to the White House, President Clinton is changing his diet now.  And Im thinking this is amazing because I thought the guy was starting to look a little heavier around the middle, you know?  But it turned out his pockets were just full of Indonesian cash.Theyre already planning the gala celebration down there in Washington. ... And one of the bits of entertainment theyll have down there is a show just run in New York City, Bring In Da Funk. ...  I think thats nice little treat for the Clintons while theyre waiting for someone to bring in da indictments.Congratulations to First Lady Hillary Clinton.  You know what happened to Hillary yesterday?  Hillary received a Grammy nomination. ...  I think thats strange because I thought she had destroyed all her records.Seriously, Hillary was nominated for...two Grammy awards.  One was for the audio version of her book, It Takes A Village, and the second one was for her debut comedy album, You Might Go To Prison If....Bob Dole appeared on an episode of the Brooke Shields show, Suddenly Susan. ...  And people are saying now it was his best performance since those two guys carried him around in Weekend At Bernies.The Inauguration is a couple of weeks off, and for the first time, I believe, in the history of this great nation of ours, you can buy souvenirs of the presidential inauguration on QVC, a home shopping channel.  Honest to God, stuff like, theyre offering the official Inauguration medallions.  You have the gold medallion, you have the silver medallion, and you have Clintons favorite: the veal.Another item you can get there on the QVC, you get the official photo of the inauguration ball.  Thats with Clinton, Hillary, and his date.Each one of the items you buy on QVC comes with President Clintons personal seal of authenticity: a gravy stain.If you want to go to the (Clinton inaugural) gala, tickets to the gala cost $3,000. Now wait a minute.  For the $3,000, you become an honorary Indonesian. Yeah, $3,000, but its for a good cause.  You know, it goes for Hillarys bail.This is a landmark moment in the history of this great republic of ours, ladies and gentlemen.  President Clintons sexual harassment suit goes before the Supreme Court the week, you know. Let me refresh your memory.  Paula Jones, now, claims that President Clinton dropped his pants in a motel room.  And this is where it gets a little fishy.  Shes also saying that the whole thing was videotaped by Michael Irvin.This sexual harassment thing could not come at a worse time for President Clinton, and Ill tell you why.  You know, the inauguration is just a couple of days away...and with this sexual harassment suit in front of the Supreme Court now, and all the publicity, its going to be very difficult for the President to line up a date.Paula Jones claims that in an Arkansas motel room, (Clinton) dropped his pants.  Dropped his pants.  Now, the Supreme Court is hearing the pants-dropping suit. Its unbelievable.  And I think President Clintons lawyers are really too aggressive. ...  Now, Im no legal mastermind, but I want to tell you something: when it comes to matters like this, you gotta be careful.  President Clintons lawyers are getting greedy, because originally, they said that they wanted to delay the suit until he finishes his second term.  That was their original position.  Now the lawyers are saying they want to delay the suit until he finishes eating.Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas will be involved in the adjudication of this (Clinton) suit.  Its amazing, isnt it, Clarence Thomas involved in a sexual harassment suit?  I mean, isnt that a little bit like the Menendez brothers organizing a family reunion?You know, the presidential Inauguration is just about a week away.  And I believe four years ago, when President Clinton was inaugurated, they spent $32 million of our money, taxpayer money, $32 million damn dollars for the big Inaugural hoopla, the big Inaugural gala.  So this year, to offset that -- because they dont want to take us to the bank again -- theyre selling items on, like, the QVC. You can get souvenirs.  We have a couple of them here.  Look at this -- this is, I think, for $900, you can get this.  These are the Presidential Girlfriend Trading Cards. ...  Look, a beautiful souvenir plate.  I believe this plate depicts Hillary Clinton behind bars.Are you all excited about the presidential Inauguration next week?  ...  Hillary Clinton will be wearing a gown designed by Oscar de la Renta. ...  We still dont know what Clintons date will be wearing.Michael Bolton, ladies and gentlemen, will be performing at the Inauguration next week.  Michael Bolton.  And Im thinking to myself, you know, if we had known about this in November, you know, I think theres a good chance Dole would be president, dont you think?Barbra Streisand was going to perform at the Inauguration gala, but now shes not. ...  Barbra Streisand and her boyfriend, James Brolin, were told that they could not -- because theyre not married - - could not sleep in the same bed in the White House.  So she got, you know, in a fit and walked out.  But theyre very strict about this at the White House.  You can only sleep with your spouse -- unless, of course, youre the president.  Anything goes if youre the president.You folks excited about the big inaugural celebration going on down there in Washington, D.C.? ...  There has already been some trouble -- a big fight.  Michael Bolton and Kenny G. got into a fistfight over the last bottle of conditioner. President Bill Clinton...despite all of the mans problems and difficulties and trouble -- the political strife, personal and otherwise -- this mans approval rating has never been higher.  All-time high: 59%.  His approval rating is so high, he is so popular, Paula Jones is now hitting on him.(Current events quiz.) Q: This man right here has been accused of dropping his pants and asking for sexual favors from whom?  President Clinton -- sex from whom? A: Half the State of Arkansas.(Current events quiz.) Q: Ross Perot -- what are his plans for the new year? A: Become three inches shorter and 40% crazier.(Current events quiz.) Q: What did Hillary Clintons dressmaker bear in mind while designing her inaugural gown? A:  The sleeves should be long enough to cover her handcuffs. You would not believe the number of new publications that come out every year.  ...  So what I did was, I bought some of them, some of the new books, and I brought them in, and Im going to show them to you folks tonight and share with you some of the many wild and interesting new publications every year. ..  .  Right here we have a light-hearted book of suggestions for anyone considering a career in politics.  Take a look at this: 101 Fun Things You Can Do With Public Funds, by Dan Rostenkowski. ...  If you like political intrigue, then youll love this new book by Paula Jones.  Its entitled, Presidents Ive Seen Pantless. ...  Former Vice President Dan Quayle enjoyed terrific success with this book, Standing firm. ...  Now there is an exciting sequel written by Dans wife, Marilyn, entitled, Not So Firm.Did you see the Bob Dole commercial (during the Superbowl)?  I said to myself, Great, great. Now, thanks to Super Polygrip, he can eat corn on the cob.What do these two men have in common right there, O.J. Simpson and President Clinton? ...  The answer we were looking for: theyre never too upset to stop at Baskin Robbins.Big news from Washington, D.C..  Convicted Whitewater defendant James McDougal now says that his ex-wife had an affair with President Clinton.  Have you heard about this?  I mean, my God, ladies and gentlemen, where will all of this nonsense end?  ...  And Clinton, of course, is denying it -- theres a surprise -- saying it couldnt have possibly happened because at the time he was in bed with Indonesian businessmen.Ladies and gentlemen, were very excited, were very proud, because Senator Ted Kennedy, on Monday night, will be a guest star on Chicago Hope right here on CBS. ...  And Im telling you its a very, very, very special, very , very dramatic episode of Chicago Hope. Ted is rushed to the emergency room with an impacted martini olive. ...  And then, and then, later on, just for fun, the doctors sterilize the instruments by having Ted Kennedy breathe on them. ...  Ted was so good in his performance on Chicago Hope that CBS has offered him a series.  Yep, Touched By A Lush.President Clinton is in town.  Yeah, thats right.  That, of course, explains today why it was nearly impossible to get a cab or a hooker.Clinton only comes to Manhattan twice a year; you know, like the Sanitation Department.You think about it, its been a pretty good week for President Clinton.  First of all, Kenneth Starr resigns, announces that hes stepping down; his approval rating has never been higher; and DNA testing also proves that he is not the father of Michael Jacksons child.President Clinton, I think, did something nice in Deng Xiaopings name.  He donated $1 million of illegal funds to the Democratic Party.On Clintons recent trip to New York, the motorcade was delayed for a half an hour because a taxicab exploded.  Did you hear about this?  A taxicab exploded.  Oh, it was crazy.  It was a typical New York City cab explosion, though.  Heres what happened.  The driver nodded off while roasting a goat in the front seat, and it went boom!So, Clinton, when he heard the (cab) explosion, you know, he panicked.  This guy panicked.  ...  President Clinton drops to his knees and he screams at his driver, Get me on a plane to England!Hillary Clinton is  actually now working on another new book coming out shortly, all about Whitewater.  Its called It Takes A Faulty Memory.Be honest, how many of you are here because you could not get a room at the White House?During President Clintons first Administration, there were 938 people visiting the White House, spending the night at the White House.  Three categories: he had celebrities, of course; you had campaign supporters; and one-night stands.Lots of celebrities spent the night at the White House.  Of course, Steven Spielberg and Barbra Streisand and Robert Downey, Jr.  Well, actually Robert Downey, Jr. was not invited.  They just found him passed out on the floor of the Lincoln Bedroom.The First Family is in town over the weekend to celebrate Chelseas 17th birthday.  And they went to see Rent, the to award-winning show, Rent, you know?  Its a musical based on the Lincoln Bedroom.  President Clinton left right after the first act.  He sold his seat to a campaign contributor.I think daughter Chelsea, shes very cute.  Shes 17, and shes kind of at that awkward age.  You know, shes too young to drink and too old to date Woody Allen.Over the weekend, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani dresses up now, he puts on a big blond wig and then he puts on a big dress, and it was for...he says it was for a fundraiser. I dont know.  And as a result, the Mayors been taking a lot of heat for this. ...  I would like to defend the Mayor of New York City.  I want to tell you something -- even in the blond wig and the dress, he is still a better-looking woman than Leona Helmsley.It happened again last night.  I was sitting down to dinner and the phone rings, and I pick it up.  It was one of those telephone solicitors.  You know how annoying those people can be?  And so I always try to be as polite as I can.  Here, Ill pretend Im using a phone right now and I said, No, no, no, okay, okay, okay. The guy wanted my credit card number -- very, very pushy.  And finally I said to him, Look, Vice President Gore, Im not interested. Yesterday, Al Gore held a press conference to announce that he had never raised campaign funds illegally.  And the whole thing got off to a bad start because he charged the reporters, like, five bucks a head to get in.But now it turns out the Democrats were selling rides on Air Force I to campaign contributors.  Isnt that amazing?  ...  And Im gonna tell you something, thats no big deal.  ...  Heres what they do.  They stick you in a really narrow seat and youre stuck right next to some great big fat guy who will not shut up and he wants to know if youre going to finish your dinner.You know, theres a lot of talk about people making illegal contributions to the Democratic campaign to reelect President Clinton.  Were going to show you tonight, now, what various people contributed to the campaign and what they got in return for their money:-- Robert Downey, Jr., heres what he got for his campaign contribution: a gift-wrapped sampler of drugs confiscated from the White House staff.-- Richard Jewell: Executive permission to beat the crap out of the entire FBI.-- Richard Simmons received dinner and a movie with Congressman Barney Frank.-- Marilyn Manson was named the new US Ambassador to Ghana.-- Bob Dole, heres what he got for his campaign contribution: a recount.-- Mayor Rudolph Giuliani: he received a lovely pearl necklace.-- Danny Bonaduce...he got the Washington Monument now officially renamed the Bonaduce Space Needle.-- George Stephanopoulos got to spend the night in Lincolns top hat.-- Barbara Walters has been offered the first interview with Hillary Clinton after she goes to prison.- - Howard Stern received unlimited use of the Hubble space telescope to locate and observe lesbians.-- And finally, Regis Philbin received promises from government to outlaw the cloning of Kathie Lee.The New York lottery (is at) $45 million.  Thats right, $45 million.  You know, it would be nice to win the $45 million.  But the bad part about winning the $45 million, the second you get the check, you start getting those annoying phone calls from Al Gore.Ladies and gentlemen, were in the audience tonight to play Americas fastest growing quiz sensation.  Its a little something we call Know Your Current Events.Q: How did the winner of the New York State Lottery find out he had won $45 million? A:  Al Gore phoned and asked him for the money.Q: Why is (President Clinton) opposed to creating humans by cloning? A: Because he likes the old method.Q: After campaign contributors spend the night at the White House, what are they served for breakfast? A: Nabisco spoon-sized shredded Whitewater documents.For the last three days, President Clinton, since the operation, has been showing up to work every day at the White House.  Hes got a cast, hes got a wheelchair, and hes got a note from the his doctor.  Coincidentally, now, in 1968, thats exactly how he showed up at his draft board.Despite the serious nature of the injury and the surgery, the President is very, very comfortable.  Hes using a non-narcotic muscle relaxer.  I believe her name is Rhonda, I think. On 60 Minutes, there was an interview with Paula Jones. ...  She says in 1991, she went to then-Governor Clintons hotel room because she was under the impression he had a job for her, you see.  Well, she wasnt entirely wrong.Now, during the operation, (Clinton) was awake but numb from the waist down.  And, you know, if you think about it, thats just the opposite of Al Gore.Doctors say President Clinton, because of the operation, could be laid-up for six months.  And when he heard this, when the doctors told him that Clinton was very, very excited.  He, you know, he didnt hear him say the word up.Top Ten Ways President Clintons Injury Has Changed His Life:10.  Now sexually harassing nurses instead of secretaries.9.  Has to take his daily gallon of gravy intravenously.8.  Visiting dignitaries now asked to lend a hand during Presidents sponge bath.7.  Has to remember to lock wheels on wheelchair before getting a lap dance.6.  While doped up on painkillers, called Peter Jennings a Fruity Canadian Bastard.5.  Had to postpone his three-day summit with the Spice Girls.4.  Gets big laughs by calling his leg as useless as Al Gore.3.  After accepting large donations from Indonesian businessmen, asks them to sign his cast.2.  New pickup line: Howd you like a ride on Wheelchair One?1.  Two words: Medical MarijuanaAnthony Lake...has taken himself out of the running to be the chief of the CIA.  Now, this is controversial, but its good news for Clinton, because now he can go with his original choice, that redheaded chick from the X Files.So lets see, thats...Anthony Lake will not be the Director of the CIA, thats six rejections for President Clinton.  Well, seven, if you count Paula Jones.Earlier today, President Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin, met in Helsinki.  I think Yeltsin, between you and me, I think hes drinking again.  You know what I mean?  He kept referring to Helsinki as the capital of Finlandia.You know, President Clintons gotten so big, he cant take conventional showers anymore.  No, its true.  A couple of times a day, he has to be lowered into the White House pool with a dolphin harness.In fact, Id like to now give you an idea how fat President Clinton is.  Hes in the wheelchair now.  Whenever the wheelchair backs up, it makes this sound: beep, beep, beep, beep.Former President George Bush went skydiving, parachuted out of an airplane, jumped out at 13,000 feet.  And everything went fine and nobody was injured. Fortunately, he landed on his wifes hair.George Bush, of course, jumped out of an airplane at 13,000 feet.  Today, not to be outdone, President Clinton made the jump from potatoes to Stove Top stuffing. President Bush, of course, first parachuted in 1944, when he was shot down over the Pacific.  And coincidentally, President Clinton was also shot down over the Pacific by an Air Force One flight attendant.No, no, no. He had his hand surgically removed from a jar of mayonnaise.(Referring to picture of Vice President Gore) What was this mans main reason for going to China?  Thats Al Gore.No, he wanted to visit the country where he was assembled.Well, they held the big annual White House Easter Egg Roll down there on the White House lawn earlier today.  You know what that is.  They do it every year. ...  The idea behind the Easter Egg Roll for the kids: try to gather up all the eggs you can before President Clinton eats them.Any kid can participate in the Presidents (Easter Egg Roll), as long as the kid can come up with a $10,000 entry fee.The Heavens Gate cult...before they got on that spaceship following the comet, they had fun, they went nuts, they did a lot of travelling.  They went to Mexico, they went to Seaworld, they went to Las Vegas.  They went to Washington, spent the night in the Lincoln Bedroom.(conducting current events quiz): Who are these five women? Audience member: The Spice Girls. Letterman: No, theyre President Clintons last five dates.The space shuttle Columbia is coming home early today, and on the way back to earths atmosphere, they spotted that spacecraft behind the Hale-Bopp comet.  Listen to this.  They said theres a bumper sticker on the spaceship that reads, Honk if youre neutered.President Clinton, down there in Washington, DC, met with Benjamin Netanyahu.  Netanyahu said that Clinton was frank with him, and I said, Oh great, now President Clinton is using phony names with men, as well.The negotiations in the Middle East are tough.  Let me see if I can get this straight.  Arafat wants Netanyahu to give the PLO the West Bank.  Netanyahu wants Arafat to give that towel on his head back to the Tel Aviv Hilton.I dont know if you, theyve changed the 1040 tax form.  Now theres a box you can check if you want an Indonesian businessman to give President Clinton $10,000.(conducting current events quiz with audience member): What is the best indication that this man (Clinton) is getting used to his crutches? A:  His smile. Letterman: No, the answer we were looking for was, On Tuesday, he used them to spear and eat a wild pig. Letterman: Next week, what will millions of Americans be scrambling to file? A: Their taxes. Letterman: Sexual harassment charges against President Clinton.So anyway, Ill be 50 years old tomorrow, and that means, among other things, now Bob Dole can tell jokes about me.But the birthday gifts are pouring in.  Earlier today, Mayor Rudy Guiliani, Hizzoner...was thoughtful enough for my birthday to send over to my office a really, really bad looking hooker. ...  And listen to this -- then it turned out to really be Mayor Guiliani.Today, in the mail, I received for my 50th birthday a check for $300,000 from Bob Dole.Last week, Bob Dole loaned Newt Gingrich $300,000.  Its official - - Doles senile.This is not the first time Bob Dole has loaned someone money.  He put Abe Lincoln through law school.I think Bob Dole blew it in November.  Instead of promising everybody a 15% tax cut, Bob Dole should have promised to make everybody a loan of $300,000.According to a recent poll in Time magazine, 51% of Americans believe that it was wrong, unethical for Bob Dole to loan Newt Gingrich $300,000.  49% of Americans thought it was wrong that the check was delivered by Ed McMahon.The loan does not have to be paid back until the year 2005.  In 2005, Bob Dole will be 81 years old.  So Im thinking Newt is pretty shrewd, and he knows that Dole will be 81 years old, so when it comes time to pay back the loan, all hes really going to do is to say, Oh, hey Bob, heres the $20 I owe you.Today is Take Your Daughter To Work Day. .  ..  This is a holiday that started suddenly ten years ago back in Washington, D.C., when Senator Ted Kennedy was caught leaving his office with an 18-year- old girl.Tomorrow night, right here on CBS...  the Dukes Of Hazzard reunion movie (will be aired). ...  You know what the Dukes of Hazzard is.  Its a story about a bunch of crazy hillbillies running around chasing women with absolutely no regard for the law.  Oh, no, wait a minute, Im sorry, thats the Clinton White House.One of Ted Kennedys nephews apparently has been accused of having sex with the family babysitter.  Hes one of the lesser known Kennedys. I believe his name is Woody Kennedy.Heres an interesting legal point: Whenever there is a sex scandal involving the Kennedy family, police automatically impound Ted Kennedys pants.Current events quiz.  Q: Who benefitted most from Bill Clintons recent visit to Philadelphia? A: Area cheese steak vendors.Q: What is the most surprising thing about the recent Kennedy family sex scandal? A:  When Ted heard about it, he was actually sober.This morning, coincidentally, on my way to work, I picked up a transsexual (like Eddie Murphy).  Yeah, Mayor Guilianis car broke down, and I picked him up. One of the requirements of the Heavens Gate cult was castration.  And Im thinking, well, maybe that ought to be a requirement for the Kennedys.Bad news for US Congresman Sonny Bono.  Sonny Bono has been accused of sexually harassing a college intern on his staff. ...  Sonny, Sonny, youre a Congressman...get a hooker!Political experts say this scandal may hurt Sonnys career.  But hey, wait a minute, his singing didnt hurt his career -- what could this possibly do?In the beginning, I dont think that many people took Sonny Bono seriously.  But now -- sexually harassing a college intern -- he sounds presidential.(Current events quiz) Q: What do government analysts predict will soon reach one trillion dollars? A:  Salaries for the cast of Seinfeld.There is an interesting anthropological study that has just been published.  Chimpanzees are frequently unfaithful to their mates.  Its not uncommon for them to sneak off from their own tribe and have an affair with a member of another clan. Its so interesting, theyre doing a film about it, I believe its called Kennedys in the Mist.Last week, the Supreme Court said that it was all right for Paula Jones to go ahead and sue President Clinton while hes in the White House for sexual harassment. ...  She would like to get $700,000. And Im thinking about this, and Im saying to myself, You know, if Clinton...is smart about this, hell pay the $700,000, and then hell get it back by inviting Paula Jones to the White House to have coffee.Paula Jones -- now, this is the frightening part -- claims that she can identify a distinguishing characteristic on President Clintons anatomy.  Hey, well, get in line, sister.Last night, Chelsea Clinton attended her senior prom.  Isnt that amazing? ...  And if you think about it, you have to feel a little sorry for her.  Shes like an outsider when you think about it, you know?  I mean, shes the only member of the Clinton family not being sued.  Chelsea was very cute.  She would not reveal the name of her date, you know.  But, considering her age, you know, it was probably a Kennedy.But, you know, over the last five years, weve seen Chelsea Clinton grow into a confident, mature young woman.  And in those five years, weve seen her father, President Clinton...  well, just grow.  Tubby.  Big boy.Heres a pretty exciting story.  Last week, Air Force I, flying to Europe, there was a near miss with another 747 somewhere over the Atlantic.  Thank god no one was injured, although a flight attendant was thrown from President Clintons lap.It was a pretty close call.  The pilot of the other plane was able to identify distinguishing marks on Clintons anatomy.Luckily Air Force I is equipped with a computer warning system that sounds an alarm whenever its within a thousand feet of danger, you know?  And right now, as a matter of fact, theyre fitting a similar device to Frank Gifford, so thatll be good.I want to tell you something -- the only real reason to go to McDonalds is to get those Happy Meal toys.  For example, I have almost the entire collection of the Whitewater defendants.  I have both McDougals, all I need now is the Jim Guy Tucker, and then Ill be in business.The first pizza pie appeared in the United States 100 years ago.  Well...now wait a minute, no.  May not mean much to you, but to Bill Clinton, its a religious holiday.Let me get this straight: if you commit adultery, you cant be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, but you can be Commander-In-Chief.  Is that how it works?These are the reasons General Ralston has cited for taking his name out of consideration (for the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff): he said the nomination process would be too long and too difficult a battle. Well, there you go!  Thats the guy you want running the Armed Forces!(during a Current Events segment) What will President Clinton do on Fathers Day? Audience member: Collect a lot of gifts. Letterman: No, thank God, another year went by without a paternity suit.Lets look at his dossier, John F. Kennedy, Jr.: Now happily married; they have a baby on the way; he has never been divorced, never been arrested; he is a moderate drinker.  What is this guy, adopted?  Thats not a Kennedy, is it?President Clinton...went out to see the US Open down here in the Washington, D.C.  The US Open, coincidentally, is Clintons nickname for his pants.What that Watergate thing did, it started that annoying trend.  Anytime theres a political scandal, they add that suffix gate onto the end of the scandal.  For example, Clinton alone -- hes had Travel-gate, File-gate, Whitewater-gate, and then that Paula Jones mess, I guess, is tail-gate.Boris Yeltsin was attending the summit for the first time. They admitted him to the G-7.  I dont mean to be telling tales out of school, but it seemed to me as if Boris may have been drunk because every time somebody said, G-7, Boris yelled, Bingo!I think its been a well established, well documented fact that Vice President Al Gore is a dull guy.  When he flew into the airport here in New York City, he was met by a limo driver holding a blank sign.The A&E channel (ran a show) about Al Gore, called Al Gore, Burning Ambition. Now, these are the same folks who did a documentary about President Clinton called, Bill Clinton, A Burning Sensation.The government has released a report that says the episode 50 years ago in Roswell, New Mexico -- it was not a space alien landing in Roswell. ...  It was dummies landing (there).  By the way, thats the same official explanation for Al Gore.President Clinton, as you know, is very, very concerned about the environment, very concerned about the environment.  Thats why he burned up 5,000 gallons of jet fuel to be here (in New York City for the Earth summit) for 90 minutes.  Hes just that concerned.Whitewater prosecutor Kenneth Starr has now started investigating the sexual history of President Clinton.  Wow.  Finally, something that doesnt involve Hillary.Top ten revelations about President Clintons sexual history:10.  Lost his virginity in a McDonalds drive through.9.  As a patriotic young man, owned an inflatable Betsy Ross.8.  Hes president and founder of the Air Force One Mile High Club.7.  Owns pair of boxers that reads, Home of the Washington Monument.6.  After his historic meeting with JFK, they went out and picked up a couple of hookers.5.  Personally responsible for the entire teenage population of Arkansas.4.  Actually coined the term Booty Call.3.  Just as in politics, hes never really satisfied anybody.2.  One time, back in the mid-eighties, he actually slept with Hillary.1.  For a change of pace, likes to sexually harass himself.The closest you could get (to NY City), if you had a motor vehicle yesterday...was Scranton!  You know why, ladies and gentlemen?  Because President Clinton, big boy, tubby, puffy, goo-ball...Mr.  Boob, President Clinton...decided he wanted to come to NY City to see a broadway musical.  Wait for the bus and truck company, hey, bubba?  Wait for it to come to your town, pal, you know what Im saying?  You just wait till that show shows up in the home city of Washington, DC, then cause problems there, all right?A lot of excitement at the big (Princess Di) dress gala.  The center of a very, very violent bidding war was a red sequined gown.  It was unbelievable -- horrible bidding war (that) almost came to blows between Dennis Rodman and Mayor Giuliani. The White House has confirmed that Chelsea Clinton...has a boyfriend. ...  So its official now -- the only Clinton not in a relationship is Hillary.There was a fire at the Blair House...the house of the Vice President. ...  I was thinking, the last time there was a fire at the home of the Vice President was 8 years ago.  Do you remember reading about this -- when Dan Quayle was using an electric blanket to make a pizza?Happy birthday today to Bob Dole...(who is) 74 years old today. ...  I say that, 74, but Im really not sure how old he was.  In fact, there was some confusion, he may be much, much older. ...  So today, a couple of boys at the Smithsonian took him out and had him carbon dated.If you think about it, its quite a coincidence -- Bob Dole and the USS Constitution turning 200 in the same week.  Bob Dole has been quite a good sport about losing last November.  In fact, whenever anyone asks Bob Dole about the election now, he always has the same reaction: I ran for president?The punishment for possession of 10 grams of crack is the same equivalent punishment for 100 grams of cocaine.  President Clinton would like to reduce that ratio to 10-to-1.  Either way, the kids are learning the metric system for this.Q: How did Bill Clinton celebrate the relaunching of the USS Constitution? A: By dropping his pants to half mast. (During a Current Events segment.)The number one movie at the box office this weekend -- Harrison Ford, Air Force I, $37 million.  Harrison Ford plays the President...and apparently, the portrayal is so realistic, Paula Jones is suing Harrison Ford for sexual harassment.President Clinton, the most powerful man in the world, our leader, President Clinton, -- tubby, bigboy, puffy -- over the weekend, on the South Lawn of the White House, installed a hot tub.  The thing is like party sized, its a seven-seater -- you can have Cabinet meetings in there.  Youve got to double up a little bit, but they do that at Cabinet meetings anyway.The hot tub holds 500 gallons, which is great, because Clinton can use it to make pasta.Youre the President of the US.  Youre currently involved in sexual harassment lawsuit.  Youre trying desperately to improve your image.  What do you do?  You put in a hot tub.Two minutes after the hot tub is running...Ted Kennedy shows up with two flight attendants and a pitcher of margaritas. President Clinton played golf with Michael Jordan in Las Vegas.  I know what youre saying to yourselves right now -- What in Gods name is the most powerful man in the world doing with Tubby? Lets chronicle the last three days for President Clinton in the White House.  ...  He has seen Air Force One twice. ...  He has played golf with Michael Jordan in Las Vegas.  And he has installed a hot tub on the lawn of the White House.  Thank God, after five and a half years on the job, hes taking the job seriously.Thats a horrible thing -- you have a huge public figure like Bill Cosby and he has to subject himself to a paternity test.  Its really sad, honestly.  I mean, thats the kind of thing President Clinton would be doing.Big news from Washington.  It looks like we have a balanced budget agreement between President Clinton and the Republicans.  Woo!  All right!  Everybody into the hot tub!Clinton, if you think about it, is having a great year.  His approval rating has never been higher, he had that balanced budget agreement, and the DNA tests have proved that hes not the father of Autumn Jackson.Earlier this week, former Olympic Park bombing suspect Richard Jewell received an apology from Congress.  And then they frisked him.President Clinton, most powerful man in the world, has seen Air Force One twice. ...  Harrison Ford plays the President, and Air Force One gets in trouble, terrorists get on, and the President can escape with an escape pod.  President Clinton is saying now, No, no, on the real Air Force One, there is no escape pod. And Im thinking, Ill bet there is an escape pod, and he just cant fit in it.What do you think of that, putting in a jacuzzi out there on the lawn of the White House. Whats going there?Thats where they launder the money, I think.Things look pretty good for (President Clinton) now, dont they?Who will run in the next election?Lets talk about Elizabeth.  Would you be in favor of her running?President Clinton has already said he will not do anything to intervene in the UPS labor action.  Oh, no, of course not!  Now that his hot tub has been delivered, what does he care?Apparently, down in Washington DC, ticket scalpers are scalping tickets to the White House tour. ...  Now, these scalpers, make no mistake about it, are brazen. ...  For $25, you get the regular tour of the White House.  For $50 from these scalpers, you get the tour and you get to have your picture taken with a cardboard cut out of Al Gore.  Unless he happens to be there, then you get your picture taken with him.  Pretty much the same thing.For $100, you get to take the White House tour, and then they take you to the Rose Garden, where you get fondled by President Clinton.Top ten ways to make Presidential news conferences more interesting:10.  Lively game of keep away with Sam Donaldsons toupee.9.  Replace presidential seal with Hooters logo.8.  Reporters must refer to the President as puff daddy.7.  Two words: Vibrating podium.6.  Clinton looks at Gore and yells, Would you blink already, you spooky bastard!5.  Every time President dodges a question, he has to do a shot.4.  The Washington press corps + a swarm of angry wasps = 15 minutes of hilarious political entertainment.3.  If the President does not like a question, he bites off your ear.2.  Get rid of Tubby and bring in Harrison Ford.1.  More guys named Wolf.President Clinton and his entire family are now on vacation at Marthas Vineyard for three weeks.  Whens the last time you had three weeks off, huh?  Tubby -- not a problem for tubby.  Three weeks! ...  This is the longest vacation President Clinton has had, if you dont count the first term.President Clinton and his family are going to be on the island of Marthas Vineyard for three weeks, or until the island runs out of food.  Whichever comes first.Were going to compare what I did this summer to what President Clinton did this summer. For example, I got sick after eating bad potato salad.  Thats right. President Clinton got sick after seeing Janet Reno in a bikini. ... President Clinton spent the first part of the summer with his leg in a cast. I spent the first part of the summer with my head caught in the banister. ...  I couldnt fully enjoy my vacation because I brought work along on the vacation.  President Clinton couldnt fully enjoy his vacation because he brought Hillary along. ...  To beat the heat, I go for a swim. ...  President Clinton, to beat the heat, gets hosed down by a team of zoo keepers. ... President Clinton, on the Fourth of July, watched a beautiful fireworks display.  Oh, yeah.  On the Fourth of July, I got liquored up and watched the bug zapper. ...  I made fun of Frank Gifford for sleeping with a flight attendant.  President Clinton made fun of Frank Gifford for sleeping with just one flight attendant. ...  President Clinton spent three weeks relaxing on Marthas Vineyard. ...  I spent three weeks passed out on Martha Stewarts front lawn. ...  President Clinton talked to ordinary citizens, got feedback on his policies.  I talked to Farrah Fawcett, got very confused.Bill Clinton is on Marthas Vineyard taking a three-week vacation...hes one hard workin sombitch, aint he?The highlight (of Clintons birthday) party was a pinata filled with Indonesian cash.Theyre doing a lot of renovation down there at the White House in Washington.  Workmen are crawling all over the place.  Theyre putting in new plumbing, putting new in new wiring, putting a fresh coat of varnish on Al Gore.Earlier tonight was the annual Miss Teen USA pageant. ...  The winner, of course, receives a $50,000 scholarship, and the losers get dates with the Kennedys.Labor Day, of course, as you know, was established in 1882, to honor the spirit of the great American workforce.  President Clinton, by the way, celebrated Labor Day by beginning his third week of vacation.  There you go.(What they did on Labor Day): President Clinton, while swimming off the coast of Marthas Vineyard, got harpooned. ...  Mayor Rudolph Giuliani...arranged his comb-over into the shape of an American flag.This week, because Chelsea is going to college, President Clinton is taking some time out of his vacation to teach Chelsea everything he knows about going to college.  For instance, yesterday, he was teaching her everything he knows about breaking into a sorority house.With all this controversy about the fundraising, Al Gore, you know, he doesnt get it.  Did you see him today? He went to a school in Maryland...show the footage from the news.  Look how brave he is. Gore was shown with school children saying, Give me five. There you go. (A closeup of Gore was shown extending his hand to a child, who places a $5 bill in his palm, which Gore pockets.) I mean, hes taking money from kids.Earlier tonight, there was a CBS documentary...all about how teenagers are becoming more and more sexually active.  I think the name of it was Touched by a Kennedy.Its the first week of September, which means we have officially entered the fall portion of President Clintons summer vacation.President and Mrs. Clinton are having a lovely time there on Marthas Vineyard. Earlier today, together, they assembled a 1,000 piece jigsaw puzzle. Actually, I think it wasnt really a jigsaw puzzle, I think they just put together some old shredded Whitewater documents.I believe, now, if the information Im dealing with is correct, President Clinton is back from vacation, finally back from vacation. ...  You probably know this.  President Clinton was gone from Washington so long, they were actually renting his bedroom.You know this Dan Rather show, 48 hours, where they follow some news story for, like, two straight days.  ... I dont know when its on, but they are promoting it in a very odd way. ... I brought the copy of the tape in. Take a look at this.  Its a promotion for 48 hours. Announcer: Next week on 48 Hours: Vice President Al Gore. Hes been accused of hiding his role in illegal White House fundraising.  But this week, 48 hours has discovered an even more shocking cover-up.  Last year, Gore held up a 7-Eleven.  Store manager Raji Bisla recalls this stunning incident. The clerk was shown saying, He stole $52 from the cash register.  He also took a box of brillo pads, a six-pack of Dr. Pepper, and some chocolate pudding.  Hes a very tall, good-looking man.The two attorneys representing Paula Jones in her sexual harassment case against the President have dropped out of the case.  Im thinking, poor Paula.  You know, it seems that all of the men in her life keep dropping something.Mr. Second term, Mr. Three- Week-Vacation-On-Marthas-Vineyard, President Clinton, at some point on his vacation, he and the family go to a bar.  Well, you know, thats good family fun.  And President Clinton has his picture taken with a giant wig on.  Have you heard about this?  People who have seen this now say that this is the most unpresidential photo in the history of the presidency -- if you dont count that Matthew Brady photo of Abe Lincoln with the lamp shade and grass skirt. ...  So anyway, this wig that President Clinton was wearing was enormous, huge, teased (hair).  Its so big, in fact, people said from behind it looked like Paula Jones.You can always tell that its getting to be fall because the air turns a little cooler; the leaves, of course, change color; and down in Washington, Janet Reno starts to grow her winter coat.Its a very exciting day here in New York City.  Do you know why?  Did you experience any of the Bubba lock?  President Clinton is visiting New York City. ...  And this is nice. Whenever Clinton is in New York, while hes in the city, New York City suspends alternate-side-of-the-street fundraising.I should go easy on President Clinton because, you know, its been kind of an emotional weekend.  Hillary and President Clinton took their daughter, Chelsea, out to college there, to California, to Stanford, you know, and they set her up.  Its going to be a real different experience for President Clinton, you know, now having somebody call him asking for money.Last week-- of course you folks heard all about this -- down in Washington, DC, at the Capitol Building, the Senate was conducting hearings investigating the IRS.  The Capitol Building is swarming, now, with senators, congressmen, and IRS agents.  This was fascinating.  This is unheralded, unprecedented.  I talked to an architect friend of mine, and also a theologian friend of mine.  They told me it would be impossible to get any more evil into one building.  Could not be done.Earlier today, down in Washington, DC, our nations capital, there was a gathering of television weathermen from all over the United States.  Its a pretty important deal. Theyre down there... discussing global warming. ...  All except for NBC weatherman Al Roker; hes down there discussing global chaffing.Half a million promise keepers held their rally in Washington, D.C. ...  And Im thinking, boys, Promise Keepers, do you think maybe you got the right city for that?600,000 men down there in Washington, D.C., over the weekend.  They promised to be better fathers, better husbands.  And one -- this is funny-- one really big guy promised to be a better attorney general.President Clinton, of course, has his own version of the promise keepers.  He calls all of his campaign contributors and he gets them all together, and they promise not to testify.The President has a very slight hearing loss. Doctors believe this happened from years and years of straining, trying to understand what is being said on the loudspeaker at the drive-through at McDonalds.And when President Clinton held his press conference to announce that he was now, because of this hearing loss, wearing a hearing aid, one reporter asked him, What kind is it? And President Clinton said, 8:15.But apparently, President Clinton has suffered this hearing loss quite some time, even back when he was Governor of Arkansas, because, you know, apparently he never heard Paula Jones say No.Here now are the reasons that President Clinton has the hearing loss.  Political rallies, 80 decibels.  Thats right.  Landing and takeoff, Air Force One, 110 decibels. Down here, this is the big one.  Hillary finds out about Paula Jones.  Thats 130 decibels.Over the weekend, President Clinton goes out to the Secret Service training facility.  You know what this story is?  ...  He takes Saturday off, because the Promise Keepers are all in town.  The last thing he wants is those guys tainting his record.Clinton spent the day doing 180s, bootleg turns, in a Chevy Camaro. ...  Clinton said this was the most fun hes ever had in the front seat of a car.Now, of course, theres a book out about John Kennedy that says when John Kennedy was president, he, as a regular deal, had regular dates with hookers in the White House.  While he was President, hookers coming and going in the White House.  Thank God things have changed, because, you know, now its the president who sells himself for cash.Clinton has had these campaign fundraising coffees.  Like, every morning for the last two or three years in the White House, in the Oval Office there, hes had wealthy businesspeople from all over the world come.  And they, one by one, line up, and they get coffee and a sweet roll.  And in return, they stuff big wads of cash into his pants.President Clinton, the most powerful man in the world -- puffy, tubby, President Clinton...as you know now, is on his big South American tour.  Hes down there hoping to have a summit meeting with El Nino.And while hes down there, hes also hoping to get introduced to the man who invented Fritos.  So its a big trip.And the lawyer for President Clinton handling this Paula Jones suit is now saying that the Paula Jones suit has become a circus.  Hes saying the whole thing has turned into a circus.  And I think, well sure, thats exactly what happens when some clown drops his pants.Now, Janet Reno, the Attorney General, is furious with the White House, because they did not turn over those tapes sooner.  She is livid with the White House and President Clinton.  And there is really a great deal of heat and friction.  And Im thinking to myself, what they ought to do - - Janet Reno (and) President Clinton ought to get together and talk this whole thing out, man-to- man.President Clinton -- tubby, puffy, President Clinton -- is continuing now his South American tour.  You know, whenever there is trouble in the White House, they fire up Air Force One, and its, Adios, Oval Office.Clinton is down there in South America.  In Brazil, his limo was pelted with manure.  It sounds like me at the academy awards.Anyway, while President Clinton is away, Vice President Al Gore attended a summit meeting to study El Nino.  Well, President Clinton heard about this, got very excited, and now is calling together a summit meeting to study Elle McPherson.Janet Reno, God bless her, is not going to roll over.  She now is going to continue her investigation into President Clintons alleged illegal fundraising activities.  I dont know, sometimes that Janet Reno, I wish she would pick on somebody her own size.President Clinton continues his tour of South America. ...  You know a guys in trouble when he takes a trip to South America and he takes $10,000 in cash, a fake beard, and a passport.Hillary Clinton has a very keen ear for language.  Shes been down there in South America for only a few days, and already, shes lying in perfect Spanish.(Current Events segment): What did President Clinton say was a major disappointment on his Latin American trip? Audience member:  There was no fundraisers there? Letterman: No, Hillary insisted on coming along.(Current Events segment) Why is President Clinton hugging this Asian businessman? ...  Hes the General Chang who invented General Changs chicken.Top ten ways Hillary Clinton can ruin her approval rating:10.  Sell priceless White House antiques to support her crack habit.9.  Change her official title to First Lady of Soul.8.  Launch crusade to get every child in America hooked on chewing tobacco.7.  Dash into elevators, hit buttons to floors nobody wants to go to, dash back out.6.  Become pregnant with the child of Aerosmiths Steven Tyler.5.  Admit she had a hand in developing the new Tom Arnold show.4.  Write childrens book called The Little Engine That Hid Whitewater Documents and then Lied About It.3.  Beat Al Gore to death with a rake.2.  Become stripper and change name to Hillary Hooters.1.  Publish her love letters to Saddam Hussein.Yesterday...the stock market dropped faster than Bill Clintons pants on a business trip.Heres who didnt get hurt in the big stock market crash -- of course, President Clinton.  Hes got all his money tied up in shady real estate deals. The stock market on Tuesday...the numbers are flying by like the numbers on President Clintons bathroom scale.There is an historic thing going on down there in Washington, DC.  Its kind of a summit between President Clinton and the President of China, Jiang Zemin.  They had the big summit, and I have to tell you, it got off to kind of a rocky start.  When the two gentlemen met, Clinton demanded to know if Jiang was the man responsible for General Jiangs Chicken.But then, thank goodness, they had the big State Dinner at the White House that night.  And that, that was a huge success.  Not once, not once did President Clinton shove the chopsticks into his mouth and pretend to be a walrus.But you know, all kidding aside, President Clinton and Jiang Zemin, really, they dont see eye to eye on a lot of issues.  In fact, the only concession Clinton was able to get from Jiang Zemin was from now on, the Chinese will add one more asterisk to the Szechuan menu.(With Star Trek theme music) The story behind the story investigative report: On October 25, 1997, a 50th birthday party was held at the Sheraton hotel in Washington, DC, for First Lady Hillary Clinton.  The event was the culmination of weeks of intensive planning.  The party was to be an intimate one.  Only a few close friends of the Clintons were invited, along with several hundred Asian businessmen, who each paid $50,000 for a ticket.  Secret service agents combed the hotel from top to bottom to make sure it was clear of all of the Presidents mistresses.  An athletic event was planned for entertainment.  That night, party guests thrill to the sight of Mrs. Clinton beating the crap out of Paula Jones.  Younger guests werent forgotten.  By special arrangement with the Justice Department, children had fun-filled rides around the hotel on the back of Attorney General Janet Reno.  Finally, the President requested that the romantic honeymoon suite be prepared for after the party.  When asked whether he planned to use it with the First Lady, he responded. Clinton was shown saying: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.I am, after the show, going to a Halloween party...as the President of the United States.  And this one is pretty easy, all you have to do is drop your pants.Mayor Giuliani is celebrating fashion week.  Today he wore his Oleg Cassini dress and a pillbox hat.Over the weekend-- I love this kind of stuff-- over the weekend, the Democratic Party, President Clinton, our buddy, held a fundraising event down in Florida -- a weekend for 50 people who spent $50, 000 to be down there.  Big fundraising event.  It was like...Club Med, you know, except more sex.So these people are down there in a hotel with President Clinton, 50 of them, and $50,000.  For an additional $100, they could go up to Clintons room and watch him drop his pants.I thought (Republican Mayor Rudolph) Giuliani has been acting kind of cocky in the last weeks.  I think he knew this election was in the bag.  Like two days ago, he had already picked out his gown for the inauguration.Democratic powerhouse challenger Ruth Messinger is very busy also.  She met with her transition team to help ease her from obscurity into oblivion.Jeopardy next week is coming from Washington, D.C.  And playing Jeopardy next week are Joseph Kennedy and Michael Kennedy.  The following week, Ted Kennedy will be on Jeopardy -- Single malt scotches for $1,000, Alex.I think this is the first time...a politician has been on a game show...since a couple of years ago, since Clinton was on Studs.Next week, Jeopardys going to be down there in Washington, D.C., our nations capital, and all week long, theyre going to have politicians as contestants. Remember, your answer must be in the form of a plea bargain.President Clinton was going to be on Jeopardy, but he kept answering every question the same way: Did somebody say McDonalds?Last night, right here on CBS...Murphy Brown smoked marijuana.  Yup.  Thats right.  Oh, sure, thats great.  Sure, just something else to piss Dan Quayle off. ...  I dont know if its such a good idea.  I dont know if its such a good example.  I was in Times Square earlier today, and the drug dealers down there are already selling something called Murphy Brownies.At the White House...a woman was just wandering around the West Wing of the White House, claiming she had an appointment with President Clinton.  Thats the scary part, if you think about it.  Heres the silly part.  Like most things in life, it was a mix-up.  She was supposed to meet the President at the Marriott.President Clinton has found a location for the President Clinton presidential library, just outside of Little Rock.  And theyre going to go ahead, theyve bought the property.  And more good news -- this is going to be the first presidential library with an erotica section.McDonalds has announced a computerized system, whereby now you place your order and you get your food in two minutes. ... Apparently, thats the only fast track legislation President Clinton has been able to push through.Paula Jones testified under oath and she claimed what everybody has kind of been gossiping about.  She claimed, under oath, that a certain portion of the Presidents anatomy is bent. ...  Which, I think, comes as a surprise to most of us, because a lot of us always assumed that the crooked one was Hillary.Apparently Saddam Hussein thinks that that Persian Gulf War was best two out of three.He is very clever about this, Saddam Hussein. ...  Hes hiding these weapons in places that he knows President Clinton would never attack: hospitals, of course; schools, sure; the Baghdad Hooters.And you know now, that surrounding the palace 24 hours a day, they have thousands and thousands of Iraqi citizens, you know, families -- everybody out there protecting Saddam Hussein with something that they call a human shield.  Its really kind of bizarre.  But again, you know, great minds in this political arena, they kind of think alike, because President Clinton apparently likes the idea of the human shield.  Because today he had wedged himself between a couple of secretaries. I want to tell you, this is no laughing matter.  This Middle East situation getting more and more tense, you know, more and more tense.  And Saddam Hussein has got the army, now, getting ready for all-out combat.  Today, they spent the entire day, the Iraqi army, armor-plating their camels.The Iraqi army is very busy.  Theyve been practicing maneuvers, stockpiling weapons, rehearsing surrendering in English.We thought it was a pretty good time, now, to give you a comparison of the personality and political traits of Saddam Hussein compared to our own leader, President Bill Clinton. ...  Saddam Hussein, known to the world as Butcher of Baghdad. President Clinton, known to Penthouse readers as Desperate in D.C. President Clinton: Army consists of 100,000 highly skilled soldiers.  Saddam Hussein: army consists of three fat guys and a goat. ...  Saddam Hussein became a power-mad dictator.  President Clinton married a power-mad dictator. ...  President Clinton spent weekend practicing his saxophone.  Saddam Hussein spent weekend practicing his surrender. ... President Clinton, after leaving public office, is expected to work in education.  Saddam Hussein, after leaving public office, is expected to join cast of Baywatch.(In Current Events segment): How do military experts know the Iraqi army is prepared for war? ...  Theyve already picked out a big white flag to wave.(In  Current Events segment): How has Mattels classic Barbie doll been updated for the 90s? ...  She has filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against President Clinton.Remember the audience we had Friday night?  Man, what a rough audience.  During the commercials on Friday nights show, the audience got together (and) took up a collection to have the show buried in Arlington National Cemetery.Investigators are now saying that, as a fundraising scheme, President Clinton was selling plots in Arlington National Cemetery.  Yeah, just to make a little money on the side for the DNC.  Yeah, selling plots.  The worse part -- for an additional $50, 000, he played taps on his saxophone.Clinton  even granted permission to Paula Jones so she could be buried in Arlington National Cemetery.  Yeah, well, one condition: She had to move in before the trial.Apparently, this scheme now, theyre saying the Democrats were trying to sell the same plot over and over and over again.  You know, its a little like the Ellen show.The new owners (of the Chrysler building) have vowed theyre going to put it through a massive renovation. ...  Theyre going to check the foundation, bring that up to code, sandblast all the rust, theyre going to paint it, plaster it, do everything they can to put it back on its feet.  Its the same team that did the work on Bob Dole, so you know theyre good.The UN weapons inspectors are really desperate to get in and look around Saddam Husseins palace, because they believe thats where he, this madman, has stored the weapons.  And, they think he has illegal cable.Hillary Clinton is a very clever woman. She made a beautiful, beautiful holiday wreath out of shredded Whitewater documents.Bill Clinton, the most powerful man in the world.  You know, reelected to a second term a couple of months ago, and now really has his hands full, and so, got himself a dog.  Three-month-old Labrador retriever...the little puppy has been very busy so far.  Hes buried two bones, three sticks, and a couple of dozen Whitewater documents.Yesterday, they have a very embarrassing episode with the dog.  He mistook Al Gore for a tree.Its not easy being President Clintons dog.  Think about it -- youre not going to see a lot of leftovers.President Clinton -- now this guy is a busy guy.  As you know, reelected to his second and final term in the White House.  The most powerful man in the world, Bubba, Tubby.  Very, very busy.  Put in the hot tub after he was reelected, so that took a long time, a lot of effort, a lot of attention.  So now, hes got a dog.  I think hes going to spend the next three years training the dog.Its crazy down there (at the White House).  Hes running around, eating everything in sight, jumping up on the secretaries.  And theyre having problems with the dog, too.Clinton is teaching the dog a lot of tricks.  He taught the dog to roll over and play dead, you know, like Janet Reno does.And now that theyve got the puppy, theyre working on training him to dig cemetery plots in Arlington National Cemetery.Special interest groups are running these TV ads down in Washington, DC, to try and find people who maybe could help assault and assail the President legally.  Take a look at these commercials, theyre kind of odd. Clips of President Clinton performing various duties were shown, as a narrator says: This is a message to all women in the Washington, DC, area.  If youve been sexually harassed by President Clinton, you could be entitled to a large settlement, including $1 million, Air Force One, and the entire state of South Dakota.  To find out if youve been sexually harassed, ask yourself these simple questions: Have you ever spent more than five minutes alone with the President?  When you join the President in his hot tub, does his swimsuit somehow end up on his head?  Has the President ever invited you to the White House to see the Washington Monument?  Finally, when the President invites you to a fundraiser, does he stir his coffee without using his hands?  Act today.Chelsea Clinton comes home from Stanford, where she goes to college, for the holidays.  Very cute little scene last night.  She got home just in time to see her father and his new doggie fighting over kibble.Earlier today, President Clinton held a press conference...to announce the name of the new dog.  Im surprised this guy would throw something like this away on a press conference.  This is the kind of blockbuster he should be saving for the State of the Union.Vice President Al Gore also announced that the movie Love Story has nothing to do with him and Tipper. ...  However, he did confirm, that it is a fact that President Clinton was the inspiration for the move Flubber.President Clinton held a press conference to announce the name of his dog, Buddy.  You know, if Im the dog, Im going to be a little bit nervous, because I believe most of President Clintons buddies are in jail.President Clinton holds a press conference, and it lasts an hour and a half. ...  The last time he talked that much in a microphone, it was at the drive-through at McDonalds.Lets see whats new with our White House friends down there in Washington, DC, Buddy and Tubby. ...  I think its nice that the Clintons have that Labrador retriever.  I bet for them, its a relief to have something sniffing around the White House that isnt an independent prosecutor.Clinton and his dog, Buddy, apparently theyre already starting to get used to one another.  Buddy, for example, is barking now, only in President Clintons good ear.Pretty soon, theyre going to have to take Buddy to the vet to have him checked for worms.  And while theyre at it, theyre going to have Al Gore checked for termites.During the press conference, President Clinton said that 1998, he says, Im going to make a vow, 1998 will be a year of action. And Im thinking to myself, I dont know, this guy has already done pretty well when it comes to action.Also in the press conference, (Clinton) said Saddam Hussein is stupid and crazy. ...  Well, alright, Saddam Hussein may be stupid, and he may be crazy, but he didnt invite Paula Jones up to the hotel room.( Current Events segment:) Whats 18 1/2 feet tall and can currently be seen at the White House?No, Janet Reno.Did you see the photos of President Clinton on vacation in the swimming trunks? ...  Its an amazing transformation; when President Clinton puts on those trunks, he goes from being Slick Willie to being Free Willie.President Clinton is upset because...when he was on vacation down in the Virgin Islands, photographers took pictures of President Clinton on a secluded beach with his wife.  Man, Im telling you -- thats the kind of thing that could ruin his reputation.President Clinton is very, very busy. ...  Hes training Socks the cat and Buddy the dog to get along in the same room.  Because theyre fighting like cats and dogs...and if it works with Buddy and Socks, hes going to try the same techniques on his wife and his girlfriend.These training sessions get pretty nasty, because, as you can imagine, theres Clinton in a room, with Buddy the dog and Socks the cat.  And Socks is hissing the way cats will do... and Buddy, as dogs will do, is barking like crazy.  And theyll go around, and around, and around.  And then what will happen, they will hear a can opener, and then they will race Clinton to the kitchen.President Clintons Top Ten Tips For Keeping the Romance In Your Marriage.10.  Make sure every hundredth woman you sleep with is your wife.9.  No matter how tasty it looks, dont eat her lipstick.8.  Buy her FTDs Sorry About My Affairs bouquet.7.  Remember your kisses taste sweeter when your mouth is full of donuts.6.  Renew each others membership in the Air Force One Mile High Club.5.  Take Paula Jones off your speed dial.4.  Keep gaining weight until each of your thighs is the size of that dreamy Leonardo DiCaprio.3.  Candle-lit dinner at local Hooters.2.  Try not to preface sex with All right, lets get this over with.1.  A little dab of ketchup behind each ear.The top priority for President Clinton is training Socks the cat and Buddy the dog to get along together, and its getting pretty ugly. ...  Dont get me wrong, Clinton still loves Socks the cat.  Buddy is the new dog, so he gets more attention.  But Clinton really still has a soft spot for Socks.  Hes the only original member of his Administration who hasnt been indicted.Next week is the deposition in the Paula Jones sexual harrassment case.  The deal is that Paula Jones and her attorneys say she will be present at the deposition, and it has to take place in the White House.  Now, Clinton and his attorneys are trying to get the location changed.  For example, Clinton says hed like to have the meeting take place at the Marriot.Paula Jones is now upset because she is being audited by the IRS, and she claims the only reason that she is being audited is because of this lawsuit she has against the President.  I dont know, you figure it out - - what do you think?  Anytime you write off $20,000 for hairspray, youre going to get audited.Rough audience, Im telling you.  When I came out to the audience last night, it was like Socks the cat meets Buddy the dog.President Clinton is outraged about the possibility of cloning. ...  Clinton says he has a lot of unanswered questions -- for example, can they do it with a Whopper?President Clinton said he is 100% against cloning, unless they concentrate specifically on Sharon Stone.Top Ten Other Things That Will Get You Kicked Out of the White House.10.  Ask Hillary, So which number mistress are you?9. Tell President he looks even more dishonest in person.8.  Press button that summons the late Dwight Eisenhower.7.  Scream at tour guide, White House?  I thought we were going to White Castle?6.  Ask what number President Hugh Downs was.5.  Deface Presidents life-size statue of Ronald McDonald.4.  Ask Secretary of the Navy, Whats happenin, Popeye?3.  Request a refill on your thousand dollar cup of coffee.2.  Say to guard, Hi, Im the Presidents brother, Roger...1.  Change the channel during Hee-Haw.I am, like most Americans, waiting on the luge (event in the Winter Olympics.) Do you like the luge?  Those guys spend more time on their backs than White House interns.Ken Starr, what a nose bleed that guy is.  He has announced that he is going to investigate his own office for news leaks.  Oh great, theres another four years and $30 million!You know what else is going on here in New York City?  The annual toy fair show.  This is where they introduce the big new toys for the upcoming year.  Heres what it looks like: The big toys are going to be Sing and Snore Ernie, thats a big, big, toy.  Beanie Babies, thats a big toy.  And Intern Barbie...big toy.President Clinton apparently left messages on Monica Lewinskys answering machine.  Monica, apparently, gave President Clinton an X-rated adult video tape.  If this thing gets any more sleazy, President Clintons approval rating could shoot up to 100%.You gotta hand it to President Clinton.  Hes got the Olympic fever.  Earlier today, for lunch he ate a bag of Gold Medal flour.Later in the day, after leaving the Oval Office, Clinton gave an intern a 5.8.You get the feeling President Clinton is really determined to get Saddam Hussein. ...  This guy will go after anything in a beret.Monica Lewinsky today is a very sad girl, because when we attack Iraq, President Clinton had promised her she could launch the first Tomahawk missile. White House spokesman Mike McCurry -- did you hear about this?  He said the relationship President Clinton had with Monica Lewinsky was very complicated. ...  And Im thinking to myself, No, thats not right.  The relationship he has with Hillary Clinton is complicated.  From what I know if it, the relationship with Monica Lewinsky is really quite simple.Kind of a so-so week for President Clinton. On the one hand, you have the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal, you know, so thats kind of more bad news.  And on the other hand, good news: Pamela (Lee) is single again.Kenneth Starr makes one public relations blunder after another.  Thats why his approval rating is 11%.  For example, earlier today, he subpoenaed that rapping granny. Earlier today, a former White House aide said that the reason Monica Lewinsky was transferred from the White House to the Pentagon was for poor performance ratings.  And Im thinking to myself, Im saying, well, hell, what does an intern have to do?In Utah, as you can imagine, President Clinton and Chelsea had one of those father-daughter interrogations, as you can imagine.  Where are you going?  Who are you seeing?  What time are you coming home? But you know, the President refused to answer every time.Now, some of President Clintons people are saying President Clinton only kissed Monica Lewinsky. ...  You know, the same way that Dr. Kevorkian is only giving flu shots.The grand jury asked longtime Clinton pal Vernon Jordan if he offered jobs to Monica Lewinsky to keep her quiet.  Now, Im confused.  I thought it was Monica Lewinsky who was offering jobs.I want to pass along our congratulations to a woman by the name of Eileen Collins.  You heard about this?  Eileen Collins (was) named, I believe, yesterday, to be the first woman space shuttle commander.  Thats a pretty good. ...  Sure, yeah.  Its an amazing story.  Just last week she was a White House intern.If you think about it, its a good time for women in space, because on October 8, John Glenn will blast off into orbit with that rappin granny.President Clinton, of course, Mr. Big Shot, was at the party (for Time magazines 75th anniversary).  And you know, they sat him, during dinner, they sat him next to Sean Connery, the original 007, the original James Bond. ...  All night long -- and I guess this was a little embarrassing for people around them -- all night long, President Clinton was begging Sean Connery to introduce him to Pussy Galore.(Current Events segment) Now that shes turned 18, Chelsea Clinton can officially become what?Now thats she 18, she becomes another voter whos embarrassed by her father.Now, let me see if I have the story straight.  Kathleen Willey is a former White House volunteer, and she said that President Clinton kissed her, President Clinton hugged her, President Clinton groped her.  And this morning, Clintons approval rating shot up ten points.I mean, Im sitting there in my living room, and Im thinking to myself, Ooh, my God. And Im listening to this unbelievable story, and I said to myself, Whoa, great!  So this means Clintons cheating on Monica Lewinsky?Kathleen Willey said that she went to the Oval Office...and the big bruiser President makes a pass at her, and Kathleen Willey says she was shocked.  She was shocked that the President would do something -- shocked!  Doesnt the woman read the papers?The whole time this is going on -- and this is a job interview -- the whole time that Kathleen Willey is being kind of pawed and licked, or whatever the hell, she said that the President...keeps checking the watch.  And Im thinking, well, of course, you know.  Hes running late for his next sexual encounter.The Paula Jones lawyers, all along theyve said that President Clinton had a zipper problem. And Im thinking, I dont know.  It looks like it was working pretty well to me.John Travolta plays President Clinton in the Primary Colors movie, and hes so good, hes so convincing as President Clinton, earlier today, I understand, he received a warm note from Kathleen Willey.You know, theres a lot of films right now about President Clinton.  Theres Wag the Dog, you know, of course, Wag the Dog. Theres Primary Colors.  Theres Boogie Nights, so theres a lot of things...Now, were learning more and more about this Kathleen Willie and apparently now, after the alleged incident, after her alleged groping, Kathleen Willey continued to drop by...the Oval Office.  All right, so Monica Lewinsky dropped by the Oval Office.  37 times Monica Lewinsky dropped by the Oval Office.  Kathleen Willey dropped by the Oval Office.  And Im thinking to myself, The White House apparently has less security than Seinfelds apartment.What the hell has happened to 60 Minutes? Suddenly its Hard Copy!Anyway now, Kathleen Willey, it turns out that she was planning to negotiate a book deal for $300,000 over this little visit to the Oval Office, a book deal for $300,000.  Let me tell you something.  If every woman hit on by President Clinton writes a book, there will not be a tree left standing.Heres the thing that nobody can figure out.  Every time President Clinton has one of his dates...his approval rating goes sky-high.  His approval rating jumped, like, five points. ...  I want to tell you something, ladies and gentlemen. If this scandal gets any uglier, the American public may demand a third term.President Clinton is going to Africa for two weeks, and hes going on a safari.  And I think this would be a nice change of pace for the President, you know?  You know, hes now accustomed to hunting in the Oval Office.John Travolta  plays...I mean, lets call a spade a spade, he plays President Clinton in the movie Primary Colors.  And he said, you know, like actors, your really good actors do, a lot of search and preparation.  And John Travolta even went so far as to hire a couple of interns.A couple of days ago when he arrived in Africa, (Clinton) was nearly crushed by this huge crowd.  Did you see that? That was a pretty scary moment.  Man alive, nearly crushed by this crowd. But later in a statement, the crowd claimed it was just trying to give him a consoling hug.  So I thought, Well, two sides to every story, really, when you think about it.A woman there held up a baby for President Clinton, and she had named the baby Bill Clinton.  And the mother then was immediately subpoenaed by Ken Starr.President Clinton, bless his heart, hes continuing his two-week trip to Africa.  Hes traveling through Africa for two weeks.  And while hes gone, you know, meanwhile, back home at the White House, the staff decided that, you know, they would...(do something) for the interns.  While Clintons out of town, theyd bring in Charlie Sheen.Clintons over there in Africa, and I saw the news footage last night of Clinton laying brick.  Theyre building houses over there, and Clintons helping out. ...  So Clintons laying a brick, and Im thinking, Well its nice to see him laying something that wont get subpoenaed.The movie, Primary Colors, differs from reality in what important detail? ...  In this movie, the Presidents wife doesnt run the country.President Clinton has been out of the country fr about two weeks.  And whenever the President travels out of the country, I think it raises a very interesting question. ...  Who is having sex with the interns?Clinton attended services at an African church there. ... Talk about irony -- the priest is delivering a sermon on adultery.  And Im thinking, Oh, great, like he doesnt get enough of these from Hillary?You know, you kid around lot about (Bill Clinton), but he has an unbelievable appetite.  Today, he was actually seen trying to coax a rhino into a bag of ShakenBake.Apparently in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case, they now have 13 women lined up to testify against President Clinton.  13 women.  And Im thinking, President Clinton has not been up against that many women since the intern jacuzzi party.Top Ten ways President Clinton will celebrate the Paula Jones decision:10.  Appear on 60 Minutes and tell Ed Bradley, Damn straight I was aroused.9.  Borrow the deep sea craft they used in the Titanic, join the three-mile-deep club.8.  For the first time this year, hell actually kiss Hillary.7.  Get to work on the other 14 lawsuits pending against him.6.  Call Paula Jones and say, I know weve had our differences, but how bout a date?5.  Enjoy a giant stack of pancakes while groping Mrs. Butterworth.4.  Stay up all night harassing himself.3.  At press conference, drop pants and shout, Im king of the world.2.  Call Kenneth Starr in the middle of the night and say, Subpoena this!1.  Throw out a case of Corona.You know what this means, dont you? You know what this means?  What this means is, O.J. Simpson is now officially the second luckiest man in America.The timing of this is incredible, because earlier in the week, a former Miss America is claiming that she had sex with President Clinton.  And you know, Im telling you, this is no surprise, because when she was Miss America, I think that year she was also Miss Promiscuity.  So it makes perfect sense.This is exactly what Clinton needs.  Nailing Miss America, his approval rating will sky-rocket now!And you know, Al Gore is dull.  I mean, theres no getting around it.  And he even... hell even tell you hes dull.  You know, hes so dull he was dropped off at (his birthday) party by Dr. Kevorkian.  Thats how dull he is.Al Gore is so dull, the only thing he ever got from an intern was coffee.The President was on a safari in Botswana (and there was) one of those mixups.  It only happens to this President Clinton guy.  It was kind of an embarrassing mix-up.  A game warden accidentally tranquilized and tagged Clinton in hopes of studying his mating habits.As you might imagine, President Clinton is delighted, and earlier today, he said, Oh, this is great. He said, Im going to get back to the White House, and start having sex with interns again. President Clinton has learned, as you might expect, from this experience. ...  He has learned a lesson and no longer will he be propositioning women in hotel rooms.  No, no.  Thats what the Oval Office is for.Youve got to feel kind of badly for Paula Jones.  She spent the day working with her transition team, you know?  They are helping her ease obscurity to oblivion.Her legal team is in complete disarray. ...  Heres how crazy it is for her legal team: Moe and Larry want to drop the case; Curly wants to appeal.First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton  learned something, too.  I mean, the first thing she did this morning -- I saw this one in the Washington Post -- first thing Hillary did this morning was change the combination on Bills fly.This is how lucky President Clinton is.  Whenever he flies, you know, he gets to pre-board his flight attendant.It was very windy over the weekend here in New York City.  And I dont know if this wind...is because of El Nino, or President Clinton breathing a sigh of relief.  I just dont know.In many respects, Michael Jackson and President Clinton are diametrically opposite.  Michael Jackson is constantly, constantly, desperately trying to make us believe hes having sex with women. President Clintons in the holiday spirit, and hes kicking off the big holiday weekend, and he invited all the White House interns for an Easter egg hunt in his pants.He wants to get the Social Security taken care of, because President Clinton feels he understands the needs of the aging.  And Im thinking, Well, that makes sense, because between Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, and Kathleen Willey, hes aged about a hundred years.President Clinton is outlawing assault weapons.  Thats not a bad idea, you know?  Hes making assault weapons illegal.  And in a rare show of support, the US Senate has agreed to.. .keep Teddy Kennedy from lying around loaded.They had one of those Fords galas, down there at the Fords Theatre. President Clinton was in attendance, and my God, you know, President Clinton, God bless him, he needs some entertainment. ...  Heres why he needs the entertainment.  Its spring break, you see, and of course, the White House interns are at Daytona Beach, so hes got to.... President Clintons in the audience.  David Copperfield saws a woman in half.  After the show, Clinton asks for the half that wont testify.Remember Bob Packwood?  Well, Bob has decided hes going to run for office again.  Thats right.  Bob, to refresh your memory, Bob Packwood was the politician who groped women and his approval rating went down.  That was the difference between him and Clinton.  Packwood actually left office because 16 women claimed that Packwood groped them.  16 women. Hell, you know, thats like a half- days work for Clinton.Fox had another one of those big specials.  Its called When Good Times Go Wrong. ...  This is all about recreational activities, you know, that go haywire, you know, like bungee jumping accidents, like skydiving accidents, like water skiing accidents.  As a matter of fact, they even have footage of Clinton falling off a flight attendant.Former Senator Robert Packwood...has decided hes going to run for office again.  Thats right.  To refresh your memory, Bob Packwood was the politician who groped women and his approval rating went down. ...  That was the difference between him and Clinton, yeah, thats right.Quiz on the IRS:Letterman: Is it true H&R Block fans are called blockheads?A: I dont know.Letterman:  During an audit, can an IRS agent slap you?A: No, not at all.Letterman: No, he cant slap you.  He can shake you by the lapels, however.Letterman: True or false: one of the duties of the IRS is to round up dates for Bill Clinton.A: No, thats not true.Letterman: Other than taxes, whats the only sure thing?A: Death.Letterman: Yeah, thats right.  We would also have accepted another Larry King marriage.They launched space shuttle Columbia. ... Theyve got, like, a thousand insects -- a thousand insects -- and a thousand rats.  And theyre conducting experiments in very, very cramped quarters. Astronauts, insects, rats -- $99 million, ladies and gentlemen.  This is no space program.  This is a New York City apartment.In Washington, DC, you know, this Saturday night -- and I dont know how stuff like this happens -- theyre having the White House correspondents dinner.  Youve heard about this.  Bill Clinton attends the correspondents dinner every year.  His lovely wife, Hillary, will be with him.  Also among those in attendance, youll have Paula Jones...and Monica Lewinsky. ...  I mean, yeah.  What is this, like an episode of Threes Company?  What are we talking about here?The chance now -- in case youre worried about this -- of President Clinton and Paula Jones actually running into one another at this correspondents dinner are extremely small.  The chances really are very, very slim.  But, you know President Clinton, hes going to give it a shot.By the way, this will be the first dinner President Clinton and Paula Jones have had since they rammed bumpers at the drive-thru of the Roy Rogers years and years ago.(On the collapse of an I-beam at Yankee Stadium) The infrastructure, its not just here in New York City that things are in bad, bad shape.  Things are starting to crumble and fall apart everywhere.  For example, earlier today down in Washington, DC, our nations capital, a 500- pound President fell off an intern.  So its everywhere. Monica Lewinsky has now taken an office job so she has some money to live on, you know?  So she got an office job, and I guess with her attorney or something.  And Im thinking, Well, now, wait a minute.  Wasnt it an office job that got her in trouble in the first place?Listen to whos going to be at the big White House correspondents dinner.  Of course, youve got Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary.  Also, Monica Lewinsky and Paula Jones. ...  I want to tell you something.  To find more tension at a dinner, you would pretty much have to go to death row, wouldnt you?Anything wacky that could happen in this country, it will happen. ...  Over the weekend, they had the correspondents dinner down in Washington, D.C.  President Clinton and his wife, and Paula Jones -- I was lucky enough to be invited to the dinner as well, thank you very much. ...  To be honest with you, I didnt see anything.  I was sitting right behind Paula Joness hair.And the President, you know, he was nervous because Paula Jones is in the audience. You can tell the guy is nervous, honest to God.  He could not finish his third helping of catfish.Clinton says that he does not read the newspapers anymore.  He says he does not have time to read the newspapers.  Well, of course not.  Hes too busy having sex.So then on Sunday, President Clinton goes to a show down in Washington, the premiere of Ragtime, the Broadway musical down there in Washington. ...  But you know, whenever the President goes to the theater, he tries to be discreet.  But I mean everybody in the place knew he was in the theater.  During the second act, a Dominos guy shows up.A former Miss America, Elizabeth Ward Grayson, is now going on television and apologizing.  She had sex with President Clinton. ... Like, who hasnt?  So shes now going on television, apologizing to Hillary. And after that, I understand, shes going on a state tour apologizing to all of Clintons other girlfriends.  So, thatll take her through the end of the century.I was thinking about this.  You know, over the weekend, they had the White House correspondents dinner, and Paula Jones attended the White House correspondents dinner.  And Im thinking, if Paula Jones gets to attend the White House correspondents dinner, shouldnt President Clinton be allowed to attend her waitress training for breakfast at Dennys?A flight attendant, a brand- new flight attendant, is now accusing President Clinton of sexual harassment on an airplane recently.  And when Clinton heard this, he said, Jeez, has it been a month already?President Clinton was in town last night to attend a fundraiser thing, you know, like a $10,000-a- plate fundraiser...and hes warning people.  He says, he says, Youve got to be careful, he says.  Good times can be deceiving.  Good times can be deceptive. Thats President Clintons warning.  And Im thinking, Well, jeez, if theres anybody who knows about good times and deceit, well, this is your boy right here.How about that Kenneth Starr?  What a nosebleed that guy is, huh?  Well, now it turns out Kenneth Starr has in his possession 75 photos -- pictures of Monica Lewinsky and President Clinton together.  75 Photos.  Almost all of them head shots, but...1,000 shows ago, when we first began, Kenneth Starr was in the third year of his investigation.I think Ive been fairly good, fairly equal-handed.  I think Ive been fair to President Clinton over the first 1,000 shows.  Each night, Ive made a joke about a different woman.Hillary Clinton goes up to Yale and shes addressing a class there in the Divinity College, and the topic...of the speech is How To Avoid A Man Who Commits Sexual Harassment. Honestly.  Step one: Dont marry him.According to a new survey, one out of three Americans believe that President Clinton and Hillary will divorce after his second term. ...  Isnt Bill dating one out of three Americans?You know, its kind of cute.  I mean, Chelsea is dating, you know.  Bill is dating, you know.  Now if we could just find somebody for Hillary.As always, President Clinton celebrated Cinco de Mayo by eating five jars of mayonnaise.  ...  Barely a joke, isnt it?  Thats just barely a joke.Kentucky Derby winner Real Quiet was named for -- what? ...  How did he get that name? ... Real Quiet, he was named for Bill and Hillarys bedroom.You know, theres been a lot of talk here lately comparing President Clinton to President Nixon. ...  So tonight we thought maybe itd be an excellent opportunity for us to compare the two presidents. ...  Nixon, his Secretary of State was Henry Kissinger.  Clinton has kissed his secretary. ...  Nixon, theres a film about his life entitled Nixon. Clinton, theres a film about his life entitled Boogie Nights. ...  Nixon had a wife named Pat.  Clinton pats other guys wives. ...  Nixon spent time in prison for killing a hitchhiker.  Clinton spent time in prison for killing a hitchhiker.  I didnt know that. ...  Nixon always made a congratulatory call to winner of Superbowl.  Clinton always makes congratulatory call to winner of Penthouse pet of the year contest. ... Nixon, sweaty.  Clinton, pasty. ...  Nixon, of course, had the Watergate. Clinton had Lewinsky-gate, File-gate, Travel-gate, Coffeegate, Fundraising- gate, Oval-gate, and Whitewater-gate. ...  Nixon said, I am not a crook. Clinton said, I am not married. ...  And finally, Nixon, nick-named Tricky Dick. Clinton, also named Tricky Dick.Dont kid yourselves, ladies and gentlemen.  Theres a lot of pressure involved with the Miss Universe pageant, because as you know, the winner goes on to be a White House intern.Bob Dole, you know, had a facelift, Bob Dole has dyed his hair, and now Bob Dole is taking Viagra.  Now, who the hell does he think is, Warren Beatty?Bob Dole said, you know, Viagra is an unbelievable drug.  He said, in fact, as soon as he took it, he said he was convinced that it was working.  And then it turned out to be rigor mortis, but still.Well, they had one of them Fox specials. ...  They had this woman there.  Shes at the office now, and shes at the photocopy machine...and shes Xeroxing various parts of her body, and her defense was that she was only preparing a resume for the White House. Im telling you, David Wells yesterday at Yankee Stadium -- he went through Minnesota Twins the way Clinton goes through interns. Boom!  Boom!  Boom!Over the weekend, President Clinton came back from Europe.  He was over there attending the Group of Eight economic summit.  Congratulations.  Good for him, because I think until now...(the) best he had done was a group of three.Godzilla is the largest cold-blooded reptile to ever visit New York City...if you dont count Rush Limbaugh.The satellite that pagers use went wacky last night. ...  It took President Clinton yesterday two hours to get an intern.(giving audience quiz in Current Events segment): Do you have any idea who that is? Audience member: Godzilla. Letterman: Oh, no. Thats Bob Dole on Viagra.By the way, for Memorial Day weekend down in Washington, DC, President Clinton...will be laying a wreath, which I think is a nice change for him.Down there in Washington, DC, yesterday, I guess it was a scary moment.  President Clinton banged his head. ... Ill tell you, this...is the first thing hes banged that didnt hire an attorney.Well, Monica Lewinsky -- did you hear about this?  She has fired her attorney, William Ginsburg. ...  She replaced him with two high-powered Washington DC attorneys -- Plato Cacheris is the guys name, and Jake Stein. ...  Plato and Jake, wasnt...wait a minute, that was a show on CBS, wasnt it?The problem Monica was having with this William Ginsburg, she claimed that he was appearing on every television talk show shooting his mouth off.  Yeah.  And today, he spent the entire day appearing on every television talk show to deny that charge.Did you hear about this?  This was kind of scary.  President Clinton was flying around in Air Force I last week and dropped off the radar.  Unbelievable. President Clinton was undetected on radar screens all over the United States, just like CBS on Thursday night.They were unable to locate Clintons plane on radar for 36 seconds.  Well, of course.  You know why that is?  He sold all of the really good computer technology to the Chinese. Air Force I is flying around, and it disappears from the radar.  And Im thinking, Wow, wish that would happen to me when Im driving.36 Seconds.  Oh, you know, thats plenty of time for him to nail a flight attendant.You know, President Clintons approval rating has gone from 64%, dropped to 60%, you know?  You know what that means?  Time for another sex scandal.Bill and Hillary are now in Southern California, looking for a house down there; looking for a place to live.  And they found a community that theyre pretty fond of.  Its south of LA.  You know what it is?  Rancho Libido.Bill says he hasnt ruled out LA.  And Im thinking, Oh, thats great.  Thats just what LA needs, another horny 50-year-old guy chasing babes.Martha Stewart had a party and invited President Clinton over and she made him one of these.  Now, this is a replica. ...  This is (made of) pine cones and she gave that to him.  And this is what she called a subpoena caddy.By the way, this just in: Monica Lewinsky has fired her father and replaced him with actor George Segal.Apparently Johnny Cochran...is saying that he turned down a request to defend Monica Lewinsky.  Turned it down.  And Im thinking, Well, you know, thank God.  The last thing we want is for this to turn into a media circus.Celebrity birthdays -- do you know whose birthday it is today?  Superman, 60 years old today.  Thats right, the Man of Steel.  60... well, you know, even at that age, Superman, God bless him, still allows himself, you know, one perk.  He has a 22-year-old intern.Yesterday, the Dow Jones hit the floor faster than a White House intern.Here now, by the way, is what President Clinton has planned for the rest of the summer.  President Clinton is visiting China.  Thats first.  Hes going to China. ...  And for this trip hell be taking two planes.  You know, one for the take-out.And then when President Clinton...comes back, he and Hillary are going on vacation for four weeks.  An entire month.  How many of you have had a month-long vacation recently?  Ah, see? President Clinton going on a month-long vacation to Marthas Vineyard.  A full month...Hillary and Bill on Marthas Vineyard for one month.  Four weeks.  Hillary and Bill together.  One month on Marthas Vineyard.  Im telling you, the guy might as well be spending a month on a deserted island with Anne Heche, you know what I mean?Oh, my God, rough crowd last night. ...  I felt like Senator Trent Lott at a gay pride rally.President Clinton is taking a month off. Hes going to be on Marthas Vineyard.  Well, actually, its not a month.  Its going to be a weekend, but because Hillarys going along, itll seem like a month.Sunday is Fathers Day.  Oh, my gosh.  And I thought this was sweet.  Chelsea is doing something very special for her father for Fathers Day.  Shes taken all of the subpoenas hes received and shes had them leather-bound.President Clinton on Fathers Day -- you can understand this -- he gets a little nervous opening that Fathers Day card, you know?  Oh, my God, what if its not from Chelsea?Clintons really looking forward to the China trip, and to get an opportunity to check out the Tiananmen Square Hooters.Clinton has very nervous about the trip, though.  Hes very apprehensive, because, you know, the last time he traveled overseas, I believe the baggage handlers lost an intern.President Clinton is talking to the Chinese people about what they want. ...  They want to thieve more of our US technology.  Thats what the Chinese want from the US.  And President Clintons trying to get them to make a leak-proof takeout container.While hes in China, you know, hell be staying at the home of Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen.Clinton took off at about noon today.  Thats a long trip. Thats an 18-hour flight.  He left Washington, DC at about noon today.  And roughly hes been in the air about 12 hours now, so I guess he should be just about on his third flight attendant.President Clinton... lands over there in China, gets off Air Force One.  Kind of a touching ceremony.  A little girl comes to meet him, and hands him a bouquet of flowers, and a subpoena.  So its just like being back at home.Its a 20-hour flight to China.  From Washington, DC to China is 20 hours.  And it really takes a toll on you. ...  President Clinton, when he got there today, was so badly jetlagged that he accidentally hit on Hillary. You folks all excited about President Clinton visiting China?  Its a pretty exciting deal.  Its an historic trip.  While President Clinton is there, hes hoping that he can meet with some political prisoners. ...  Think about it, the last time I think President Clinton met with a political prisoner was, oh geez, well, when was the last time he talked to Susan McDougal?Its no coincidence that this is the year President Clinton selected to visit China, because if you know what Im talking about, according to the Chinese calendar now, this is the year of the tubby white guy.Heres kind of an historic side note, a footnote, an asterisk.  President Clinton will go to the Great Hall of the People, and while hes at the Great Hall of the People, President Clinton will be the first American President to ever bang the ceremonial gong. ... Well, why not, hes banged everything else?Are you like me?  Do you get the feeling that you are the only one who has not testified in front of Ken Starrs grand jury?  Do you get that feeling?Linda Tripp looks great, by the way.  Have you seen her?  She looks great.  And Im looking at her, and Im thinking, This woman has dropped, like 30 pounds, you know?  Then I thought, Oh, well, sure, yeah, shes finally taken off all that recording equipment.Are you folks excited about President Clinton in China?  Its an historic trip, and hes over there ten days or so. ...  Yesterday, the Clintons went sightseeing.  They saw the Great Wall of China.  Today, they went to see the Great Mall of China.  Have you heard about this place?  Its unbelievable.  The food court seats a half billion people.The trip for Clinton is a nightmare, because look at it this way: Its a business trip.  Clinton is on a business trip.  You know, hes doing business for the US. ...  The only single chick on the trip with him is Madeleine Albright.  Hes in hell.And so Clinton is a guest on the call-in show, and one of the callers says to Clinton, You know, you look to be in great shape. How do you stay in great shape? And Clinton says, Well, its actually pretty simple.  Ive been ducking subpoenas, dodging issues, and nailing interns.We have the Spice Girls with us on the show tonight.  Now, lets see.  I know them now.  Theres Posh, Scary, Sporty, Baby...no, Im sorry, those are the White House interns.Theyre renovating the Capitol Dome, you know, the big Capitol, the big beautiful structure.  I dont think theres a lovelier edifice in the world than the Capitol. ...  Heres what theyre doing.  Theyre stripping it -- of course theyre going to strip it.  And then theyre going to buff it, and then theyre going to polish it.  You know, its the same thing that the interns do for President Clinton.Top Ten Ways France Is Celebrating Their World Cup Victory:10. A good old-fashioned poodle roast.9.  French- kissing the guy who yells, Goooaaaallll!!!!8.  Surrendering to Germany.7.  Dousing coach with tub of melted brie.6.  Being thankful that they finally won something without begging the United States for help.5. Getting le faced.4.  Carrying around signs reading, See?  Were not as fruity as you think we are.3.  Ticker-tape parade inside President Jacques Chiracs nostrils.2.  Commemorating the rarity of this occasion by taking showers.1.  Im going to Euro-Disneyworld!Twenty five years-old today, Monica Lewinsky, thats right.  Monica celebrated quietly in California.  Well, of course, it was quiet.  All of her friends are in Washington testifying in front of the grand jury.  Thats why it was quiet there.I thought this was kind of nice: At the end of the party, President Clinton jumped out of a cake naked.Boy, oh boy, how time flies.  Monica Lewinsky, 25 years old today.  And it just...I mean, Im telling you, doesnt it seem like just yesterday...only yesterday, little Monica Lewinsky was crawling around the floor of the Oval Office?Well, ladies and gentlemen, the big news: Monica Lewinsky (is) now...willing to testify now that she had sex with President Clinton.  How about that?  Now were getting somewhere.Im going to tell you something.  This is just the kind of boost Clintons approval rating needs, because its just going to go through the roof, going to be more popular than ever.Monica was in town yesterday, meeting with Ken Starr and the prosecutors at a secret location. ... I think the last time she was in a secret location, it was under President Clintons desk.Monica lewinsky has got excellent legal representation.  These guys, these attorneys, they got immunity for Monica, they got immunity for Monicas mother, they got immunity for Monicas beret.  Theyre damn good.President Clintons in a lot of trouble.  Hes in so much trouble, I don even think Tom Hanks could save him now.Its a bad summer for President Clinton any way you slice it.  First of all, Monica Lewinsky granted this immunity, and shes shooting of her mouth about having sex with the President.  Thats bad.  The Presidents trying...you know, hes going to have to testify before Ken Starr and the grand jury, thats bad. Going on vacation with Hillary, you know, that aint good.  Thats bad right there.But if I may, and far be it from me to stick my nose in the business of the President of the US, but, Mr. President, if you could just hang on, I know things look bleak now, I know things look bleak now, I know youre full of despair and anguish.  But if you can just hang on, until September, then there will be a whole new batch of interns.The deal now with President Clinton is fascinating, because, Kenneth Starr has subpoenaed him, and Ken Starr wants him to come to the place where Starr works. ...  And, of course, Clinton, hes no dope. Clinton wants to do it in the Oval Office.  And Im thinking, Well, wait a minute.  Thats what got him in trouble in the first place, isnt it?Im going to tell you ladies and gentlemen, the US is in the middle of heat wave.  Its really nasty hot all over this country.  The only chilly spot on the East Coast today is Clintons dinner table.  You know what Im saying?Yesterday, down there in Washington, Monica Lewinsky was granted by Ken Starr -- what a nosebleed that guy is -- Ken Starr granted Monica Lewinsky transactional immunity.  I want to tell you something.  Dont kid yourself ladies and gentlemen.  Monica Lewinsky is the kid who put action in transaction. You know what Im saying?Transactional immunity -- now, as I understand it, what this means is, she could be excused for all prior offenses.  Its a big deal.  They never grant this. ...  She could be excused for everything.  Theyre even talking about maybe shell be excused for those photos in Vanity Fair.Monica came to New York a couple of days ago and met with Ken Starrs people, and she was over there at a secret location in midtown.  She took a break and she went out shopping, and I thought, Well, its nice to see her blowing money for a change.President Clinton is so scared right now, hes under his desk.  Thats how scared he is.Political pundits, theyre talking about...impeachment, and I think thats silly.  I think its premature. ... Oh, come on.  Lets look at it this way: President Clinton is going on vacation for a month in August with Hillary.  Now, isnt that punishment enough?If you start reading the stuff that this Ken Starr and his grand jury have put together, it just gets silly.  Ken Starr and his investigators say they have -- listen to this -- have photos of Monica Lewinsky staring into his eyes.  Staring into his eyes?  What the hell, was she using a periscope?Its so nice outside, I took walk on my lunch hour, and I went down the street, and the neighborhood dry cleaner is offering specials on presidential stains.Mark McGwire is chasing -- it looks like hes going to break, perhaps just crush and obliterate -- Roger Maris home run record.  Thats what hes doing this summer.  And President Clinton is trying to break Wilt Chamberlains scoring record.August 17, President Clinton testifies before the grand jury. Thats going to be a tough day, you know? ...  But even tougher than that -- August 18.  The next day is really, really unpleasant.  Thats the day that Clinton has to testify in front of Hillary.I dont know why people are picking on President Clinton.  I dont understand it.  I mean, after all, this is why the guy, you know, this is why the guy wanted to be President, am I right -- to get babes?They are really closing in on President Clinton now. ...  I mean, I heard today that the FBI actually put crime scene tape around President Clintons pants.Yesterday, the stock market dropped 300 points.  I mean, it went down faster than a White House intern. Have you seen the graph?  Theyve got one of these graphs that shows you the trading on the stock market.  I mean, it looked like President Clintons lie detector test.Mayor Giuliani has closed down all of the sex shops and live sex shows here in New York City. ...  So, now, if you want to see a live sex show, what this means is you have to walk unannounced into the Oval Office.Monica Lewinsky has turned over to investigators now, she has given them a dress. ...  You know about the dress.  Shes also given them a photo given to her by President Clinton, and the photograph was signed in a very personal way. Well, actually, so was the dress.President Clinton is getting set for his grand jury testimony August 17.  You know, its going to be televised to the grand jury.  So all day long, President Clinton has been rehearsing reading denials off cue cards. Clinton said hes actually looking forward to telling the truth, you know. Thats what he said.  He said hes looking forward to telling the truth. Just as soon as he gets that testimony to the grand jury out of the way, then hes going to tell the truth.They had one of these polls in the paper today about how Americans are sick and tired of... they say they wish it had never happened.  Do you folks feel that way? ... Let me put it to you this way.  If the Monica Lewinsky situation had never happened, I would still be telling Frank Gifford jokes, all right?Theyre already talking about the worst possible case scenario for President Clinton.  Maybe he could invoke the insanity defense, you know?  Okay, its true.  Im nuts.  Everything...everything happened. Its because Im insane. And, you know, if you think about it, theres Gennifer Flowers, Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones.  Hes got a pretty good case.I guess sometime next week, Clinton is going to be testifying before the Kenneth Starr grand jury.  August 17, I believe.  And so now hes been practicing on his testimony before the grand jury, you know, practicing it over aver and over again, you know.  He wants to get to the point where he can deny the affair without giggling.Hillary, by the way...has canceled her plans to go on vacation in Marthas Vineyard with Bill Clinton.  So she says, No, Im going to stay right here and be with you.  Im not going on vacation. Im thinking, Man, this poor guy cant get a break, can he?So now were hearing that one of the Secret Service agents testified that he went into the Oval Office and interrupted President Clinton and Monica in an intimate situation.  And the Secret Service agent said to the President, Im sorry, Mr. President, Im just doing my job. And President Clinton said to the agent, So is she.Hillary Clinton said that the reason that her husband is being persecuted now, is because of a national prejuce against the state of Arkansas.  People dont like the state of Arkansas.  Thats why her husband is in all this trouble.  And this shows you how dumb I am.  I always thought it was because he was having sex with interns. And by the way, heres an update on the Monica Lewinsky dress.  It will be spending the next two weeks at the summer home of Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen.The Dow was down 500 points today at closing. ... Im telling you, this thing goes down faster than a White House intern.President Clinton goes on TV a week ago, and he announces that he had sex with Monica Lewinsky.  Are you like me?  Are you stunned?  Can you not believe it?You know, I think the deal with President Clintons apology to the US...was, it was about as convincing as Ray Liotta as Frank Sinatra.  I think thats the problem with it.  See, thats the mistake.I tell you.  Nothing is going right for President Clinton.  His apology apparently did not work.  And neither did his fake plot to drown himself off Marthas Vineyard.Clinton spent two weeks lying on the beach, and I thought, Well thats a nice break.  Hes usually lying on television.So the Clintons get back from their Marthas Vineyard vacation, and they go down to Washington, and today they left immediately.  President Clinton, Bill, went to Moscow to help out Boris Yeltsin.  And Hillary, Hillary went to Jamaica to get her groove back.A lot of trouble there in Russia.  Boris Yeltsin recently fired his entire administration.  Im telling you, the last time he cleaned out a cabinet like that, it was at the Moscow Hilton minibar.  You know what Im saying?Heres some good news.  Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin said he believed that the US economy is fundamentally sound.  Robert Rubin said, fundamentally sound. Of course, hes one of those guys that also believes that President Clinton would never have sex with 21-year-old interns.That stock market is crazy.  Earlier this morning, before the market opened, IBM stock was actually worth less than a Clinton apology.This just in.  President Clinton has landed in Moscow, and has announced that hes going to stay there.One of the reasons that President Clinton is in Russia -- you probably know this -- hes over there helping Boris Yeltsin.  And, man, does that guy need some help now.  Yeah. Hes over there right now helping Boris Yeltsin start an intern program.So anyway, President Clinton is over there, and he sees Boris Yeltsin, and they meet and they give each other what has been described by the press as an extended bear hug. And then minutes later, Yeltsin was subpoenaed by Kenneth Starr.But this aint exactly Christmas Day for Boris Yeltsin, either.  I mean, Im telling you -- this guys not doing so well.  His health is pretty bed.  As a matter of fact, earlier today, poor Boris Yeltsin.  He barely had enough strength to get drunk.I think this trip to Russia, for Clinton, I think this is a smart thing.  This is President Clintons most serious attempt yet to change the subject.  So I think thats pretty good.Did you know President Clinton is traveling to Moscow?  It was interesting when he went through customs.  They said, Hello, Mr. President. Are you here on business or adultery?And President Clintons over there with Boris Yeltsin, and they held a press conference.  And President Clinton -- I love this -- President Clinton is giving advice to the Russians.  And he told the Russians, he says, This is very important now -- in a time of crisis.  You have got to obey the rules.  You have got to follow the rules. This is President Clinton talking.  I said to myself, Well, its great to see he still has his sense of humor.He and Hillary now are in that phase of their relationship -- healing.  Its the healing stage of their relationship.  Of course, the next stage is where they divide up the albums, you know?According to the New York Post, it turns out President Clinton may have been involved with another intern, you know what Im saying?  Oh, my god.  Apparently, Clinton was trying to break JFKs record of 61 in one season.President Clinton left Russia today, and hes now in Ireland.  He is currently on a 96-country tour of the world, which will take him right up to the end of his second term.  He never has to come home again.As you know, President Clinton was over there talking to Boris Yeltsin.  Boy, that guys got trouble.  I wouldnt give that Yeltsin, I wouldnt give his trouble to a monkey on a rocker.  Are you kidding me?Clinton is over there talking to Boris Yeltsin.  They went out to dinner, Clinton and Yeltsin, and Yeltsin just drank him right under the table.  Fortunately, there was an intern under there to break his fall.You know, Yeltsin knew he was in trouble in Russia when they wouldnt let him run a tab at the Moscow Hooters.So, Clinton goes to Ireland, and you know, this poor guy cant get a break.  Bad luck follows him wherever he goes.  He kisses the Blarney Stone, and as soon hes done, Kenneth Starr subpoenas the damn thing.The New York Post today -- theyre talking about maybe Clinton was involved with a second intern.  Hard to believe, isnt it?  A guy like that?People now say that Clinton may have been involved with so many women, that down there in the Oval Office, they had one of those deli signs, you know, Now serving number 43!  Come on in!  Lets go!If President Clinton and Hillary -- his wife, the First Lady...if they can work through all of these troubles, if they can solve all of their problems, if they can put this marriage back together on a firm foundation, well then, something really is terribly wrong.  You know what Im saying?(during Current Events quiz segment):  What reached 59 this week?  Thats the question.Audience member: The number of home runs that Mark McGwire....David Letterman: Oh, excellent try.  No, we were looking for, The number of lawyers retained by the Clintons.President Clinton has apologized again. Thats right, he has apologized again.  This time he is blaming the whole thing on a combination of testosterone boosters and Viagra.If you think about it, this President Clinton, hes a wild guy, President Clinton. ...  To raise money to pay his attorneys, he is releasing a Too Hot For TV video.Labor Day weekend is a big, big, big holiday for President Clinton, you know?  Thats right.  Its the last weekend before the new fall interns begin.Yeah, over the weekend, Indiana Congressman Dan Burton announced that hed actually had an extramarital affair.  And you know, just like Clinton, his approval rating shot up 60 percent.I was thinking about this.  To me, its just another Labor Day weekend.  But for President Clinton, its three more days of valuable healing time with Hillary. The thing I like about Labor Day -- everybody has, like, a cookout.  Everybody does some grilling.  Ken Starr, for example, he was grilling.  He grilled some burgers until they confessed.Yeah, Mark McGwire hit 61.  What an occasion: Labor Day; his family; Roger Maris family; its his fathers 61st birthday; everybody excited, packed stadium in St. Louis.  What a thrill. Except the occasion was actually spoiled, unfortunately ruined, by a congratulatory phone call from President Clinton.When you get home, check your answering machine because everybody here tonight should be receiving a personal apology from President Clinton.  So check your machine as soon as you get home.Are you excited?  Are you nervous?  Are you filled with fear and trepidation regarding the publication, the release of the Ken Starr study, the Ken Starr report?  Are you nervous about the Ken Starr report?  Yeah, well a lot of people in Washington are very, very nervous about it.  But, you know, I want to tell you something.  Ken Starr has not only got this report...hes not only turning over the report, hes also releasing a Too Hot For Congress video.Turns out now, President Clinton, there may have two other interns. ...  And Im telling you something, ladies and gentlemen, this guy was spending so much time and getting so much sex, its hard to believe he had any time left over for illegal fundraising, isnt it?Indiana Congressman Dan Burton -- he has admitted now that he, too, has had some extramarital sexual affairs, and he now only trails Clinton by three sex scandals.I think (Clinton is) worried about the trouble hes in.  I heard today, friends of mine down there told me that all day today, Clinton was practicing his helicopter goodbye wave.Clinton is so desperate for sympathy, today, he tried to hug the family of Roger Maris.McDonalds, the hamburger people, celebrating the 30th birthday of the Big Mac sandwich. ...  This means that President Clintons favorite lunch is five years older than his favorite intern.Ken Starr finally delivered the long- awaited Ken Starr report to Congress...36 boxes of documents. Wow!  Heres how that breaks down. Thats roughly one box per intern.They say the Ken Starr reports got some bombshells in it. ...  For example, maybe you heard this: according to the Ken Starr report, they believe now at one time, President Clinton, in the White House...actually had sex with his wife.Have you noticed, the last couple of weeks, everybody now starting to abandon the President?  Starting to leave, starting to distance from the President?  Even Chelsea resigned as the First Daughter.Ill let you in on a little secret. I cant wait until the show is over tonight.  I got an intern coming up to the office with pizza.Reading through a report from a special prosecutor, every couple of sentences, Oh, hell, I never did that, no.  No, I never... never did that. ...  Hmm, humidor. No, no. ...  It says that Monica, lovely woman that she is, one time came up to the White House with a pizza for President Clinton. ...  And after they had pizza, then they had sex, and Im thinking, Well, yeah, I think one time I had sex after pizza.According to a Lewinsky family spokesman...Monica was apparently touched when President Clinton apologized to her.  And Im thinking, Whoo, boy, well, maybe theres still hope for these kids.And, Im reading the thing, and apparently, Monicas there in the Oval Office, and President Clinton is on the phone with a congressman, you know, doing business, or as we say on the street, bidness. And while Clintons on the phone with a congressman, he and Monica are still having sex. ...  Last week, he was actually having sex during two of his apologies, which is nuts.I guess its good that this guys not embarrassed to show his face, you know, after all of this. Well, hell, come to think of it, hes not embarrassed to show any part of himself.And so I guess the next step in this, the Congress, they have three possibilities to consider: one, he could be impeached; two, he could be censured; three, he could be neutered.Ladies and gentlemen, I am exhausted.  I am a very tired man.  Ive been...I have been working harder than President Clintons apology writer.  I am so tired.Its interesting, today, President Clinton has not apologized, if youre following this, has not apologized since last Thursday.  And today -- and I thought this was nice, I thought this was decent -- he apologized for not apologizing.  Youve got to give him credit for that.So hes in New York City.  It was a big night of theater for President Clinton.  They went down to see The Lion King, and then after that, he spent the rest of the night hitting on Miss Saigon.  So there you go.Any of you folks been reading the Ken Star report?  How many of you have taken a look, sat down, put your feet up...kind of good, isnt it?Theres this one part where the President is on the phone with a congressman, and while hes on the phone with the congressman, hes also having sex, you know, with Monica.  So just figure that out.  And Im thinking to myself, man, this is actually a little scary.  I mean, seriously, its a little scary.  How can you...how can you concentrate on whats important, you know, when youre on the phone?President Clinton is now serious, very serious, about resisting temptations.  As a matter of fact, today, he put a padlock on his humidor.  So that aint going to happen again.Theres only one thing more exciting than primary elections, and that would be pre-season hockey. Am I right?And Geraldine Ferraro, of course, was in the election, and today, Geraldine Ferraro met with her transition team to help ease her from obscurity into oblivion.By the way, its kind of exciting down there in Washington, DC.  Earlier today, President Clinton...well, President Clinton has a press conference. And President Clinton, youve got to say this about the guy.  President Clinton loves a press conference.  Of course, it gives him, you see, the opportunity to lie without being sworn in.  So its just boom, carte blanche, anything can go.You know, this Ken Starr investigation, and 44 million damn dollars.  And Im thinking to myself, did we get out moneys worth on this deal?  Id have to say yes, we did.  Did you read that report?  Whoa!And now, Congress is saying, Wait a minute, maybe Clinton ought to pay for this. And Im thinking, well, you know, that really wouldnt be any problem.  Were talking about two, three shady land deals, bingo, paid for.  Right?Ill tell you something.  I underestimated President Clinton six years ago.  I underestimated the guy.  President Clinton, say what you will, think what you will, vote how you want to, whatever you want to do, President Clinton, when it comes right down, what a guy, huh?  What a guy.  I mean, and you thought we got mileage out of Frank Gifford jokes.President Clinton, of course, is now repenting, you know, and hes very serious about resisting temptation.  Earlier today, the Secret Service down in Washington installed a motion detector in his pants.Clinton has spiritual advisors, and theyre going to get together with President Clinton once a week, and everybodys going to pray. And Im thinking, Oh, great, thats just what we need, more people on their knees in the Oval Office.  Thats how this all started.  Thats how this whole thing began.Whew, earlier today, I got some startling news.  I found out that 30 years ago, my mother had an affair with Congressman Henry Hyde.Its turns out now, a long time ago, Mary Todd Lincoln. ..once helped Strom Thurmond get his groove back.And what about poor Al Gore?  Because of the Clinton stuff...I mean, the country is ignoring Al Gore altogether.  Earlier today...this is very sad. To get a little attention, Al Gore deliberately misspelled potato.People that have seen the President Clinton videotape say that its too long, many of the questions go unanswered, and that hes given to savage fits of temper.  Im thinking, Well, hell, thats how we won the Emmy, so what the heck?The Clinton video was kind of a long four-hour bit of tedium interspersed with a few unpleasant sexual references.  Its kind of like the new Monday night lineup right here on CBS.The geniuses here at CBS got a look at President Clinton on television today when they were running the tape and they were so impressed by that, that they actually have offered him a brand-new television show right here on CBS.  Its going to be called Everybody Loves Perjury.The total thing is like six-hours long.  It was so long, in fact, at one point they granted President Clinton 15 minutes for one conjugal visit and that was it.Good to have President Clinton back in New York City, aint it?  He was over at the United Nations apologizing in 66 different languages. You know, something kind of funny happened. As the Presidential motorcade was passing through Times Square, there was a hooker standing on the corner holding up a sign that read For inappropriate contact...After having watched the testimony of Bill Clinton on the TV, his approval rating has gone from 60% to 66%.  Ladies and gentlemen, this proves what Ive been saying all along. What this guy needs right now is another sex scandal.  Boom, right through the roof.  Line them up, bring them in there. While hes on the TV talking about his sex life yesterday, he and his wife came into New York City and, man, did you get caught in the traffic yesterday? That gridlock...what a nightmare.  I mean, yesterday, getting to work, I had to squeeze through spaces that were narrower than Clintons definition of sex.I dont know, I lost count, but Clinton seemed like he answered every question by saying, I do not remember. And after a while, Im beginning to think, Well, wait a minute. Maybe he actually lied about not inhaling.But you know, when they would broadcast...President Clinton talking about his, you know, dating and so forth, the various networks would put the little warning on the TV so the kids, you know, so the kids wouldnt watch it by mistake, because its adult material.  And that got me to thinking right there, thats the difference between the Democrats and the Republicans, you know?  Because Watergate...you think about it, Watergate was a scandal that the entire family could enjoy.And during the testimony yesterday, President Clinton took five, what they call comfort breaks.  Yeah, thats right, five comfort breaks.  Three were for coffee, two were for interns.You folks enjoy President Clinton testifying about the Monica Lewinsky thing on TV?  Oh, man, great, exciting, and after the testimony, according to a CBS poll, his approval rating went from 59%-68%. ...  Thats right.  President Clinton is now so confident, hes taken down the yellow crime scene tape from the windowless corridor.And if things continue this way, if the trend continues this way, by October he should be dating again.How many of you actually saw part or all of the four hours of the video?  You know, there was...there were hardly any angry outbursts.  There was very little explicit sex.  There were hardly any salacious details.  In other words, you know, a complete letdown.Now, part of it, I thought was kind of embarrassing, though.  I mean, there you turn the television, and theres the President of the US, you know, saying, Well, it depends-- what do you mean by the term jiggy?Under oath in this testimony, it was very apparent President Clinton was choosing those words very carefully, and Im thinking to myself, Ladies and gentlemen, if I chose my words that carefully, this show would be much, much funnier.But now, now the White House is talking about trying to cut a deal with Congress to avoid impeachment, you know?  One possibility is, theyre talking about a fine and a stern lecture from Judge Judy.And then it comes right down to the matter of, of oral sex, and they said, Well, is oral sex sex? And, Im thinking, Well, now, wait a minute.  If oral sex is not sex, then theres a hooker who owes me 50 bucks.Do I look a little harried to you folks?  Do I look a little...I dont know, kind of rough around the edges? Ill tell you what happened.  I almost didnt get out here.  I spent most of the afternoon explaining my very narrow definition of sex...Now wait a minute.  Explaining my very narrow definition of sex to an undercover cop.Clinton is one smooth talker.  Im telling you.  When I was done watching that videotape, I wanted to be a White House intern.Kenneth starr, though, youve got to give this guy credit, but I mean, good lord, what a hump.  But youve got to give this guy credit.President Clinton will only talk to somebody for four and a half hours -- youve got to understand what was going on here -- President Clinton will only talk to somebody for four and a half hours if he thinks theres the possibility of sex.  So, its an amazing... its an amazing accomplishment.  Kenneth Starr, right there.They want to compromise, and today President Clinton came up with the idea -- and I think its not such a bad idea -- he wants to know from Congress if maybe he could just be peached.  Its never been done.In a few months, President Clinton could be out looking for a job.  You know what Im saying?  Stranger things have happened.  And this is why hes nervous about cutting a deal with Congress, because once hes out there on the job market, and hes going around on job interviews, and you know, Im telling you something, ladies and gentlemen, hes having that job interview, the second the personnel guy sees impeachment on his resume, its over.  Its over.And whether you knew it or not, Hillary, the lovely Hillary, has been in New York City all week, which is nice.  You know, getting a break from all this silliness.  President Clinton is in Los Angeles.  Really.  Shes not worried about it, though, because when all of this stuff started coming apart a couple of weeks ago, she had a lojack installed on his fly, so...President Clinton was out in California over the weekend and doing some fundraising and he met with his daughter, Chelsea.  And they got together and they had one of those talks, you know, one of those father-daughter talks. You know, Are you happy?  Are you dating?  Are you being careful? And, of course, the President assured Chelsea that he was.Paula Jones and the White House are now talking about a settlement, but theyre still light years apart.  Paula Jones is saying that she wants a million, you know, on her side of it.  And President Clinton says that he wants to have sex.President Clinton has said he will not apologize to Paula Jones unless she can produce a stain and then hell apologize to her.Arafat was thrilled because he couldnt believe how quickly he got into the Oval Office.  I mean, usually he has to wait until Clinton finishes up with an intern and then he gets to go into the office. This is Mike McCurrys last week as White House press secretary.  You know Mike McCurry?  Hes the poor guy with the worst job in the world for the last three years.  Hes had to just stand there and pretend things are fine.The White House is having like a big going-away party for (McCurry) Friday night.  So that means, just about now, Clinton is on the phone trying to hire a stripper.Yesterday, in Washington, they had kind of a mini-summit meeting there at the White House. It was Yasser Arafat and Bibi Netanyahu and President Clinton.  And President Clinton thinks, Well, hell, you know, if he can bring peace to his marriage, you know, hes got a shot at bringing peace to the Middle East.So, while President Clintons got his hands full there in Washington, his wife, Hillary, is in Puerto Rico.  Shes down there, Puerto Rico, uh-huh, hoping she can meet some young island guy to help her get her groove back.New books: As he looks ahead to 2000, the Vice President takes pains to distinguish himself from Bill Clinton in this new book right here, Ive Never Even Said Hello To An Intern, by Al Gore. ...  This new travel book is a must-have for White House interns.  Its The Rand McNally Guide To The Oval Office Windowless Corridor. By the way, ladies and gentlemen, congratulations to Mike McCurry, the White House press secretary. President Clintons spokesman is stepping down on Friday after a long, long, difficult career, and I think Mike McCurry has done a fine job.  You think about it, this guy has really had it rough, because he has had to make just as many denials as President Clinton has had to make.  You know, but he didnt get any of the sex that goes along with it.  You know what Im saying?Yeah, McCurry is stepping down.  Good news, though: He says he may come back to do color commentary during the impeachment.  So thatll be nice.And as a surprise going-away gift -- I thought this was kind of nice, kind of uncalled for, though -- Ken Starr uncovered three of Mike McCurrys sexual affairs.The worlds getting crazier and crazier.  Theres a former White House intern, now, has been arrested for stalking George Stephanopoulos.  Ooh.  It makes you wonder about the screening process that... down there in Washington to become a White House intern, doesnt it?I mean, first of all, there was Monica Lewinsky, White House intern.  Now we have the stalker intern.  How the hell did they miss Amy Fisher?  Thats what I want to know.Hillary Clinton is touring South America right now, ladies and gentlemen, and going on a tour of all the Latin American countries.  Before she left, President Clinton told her to be sure to thank Puerto Rico for Jennifer Lopez.I thought this was nice: while Hillary is out of the country, traveling around South America, the Pentagon is furnishing her with satellite photos of her husbands whereabouts. Shes down there, by the way, in Chile, for the first ladies convention.  First ladies convention.  Wait a minute, wasnt that that Disney movie with Bette Midler and Goldie Hawn? ...  Its a typical first ladies convention that theyre having down there.  The girls go out and get facials, and then its girl night at the California Pizza Kitchen.Know Your Current Events Quiz.  Q: Now that hes leaving the White House, Mike McCurry is going back to what? A: The answer is Telling the truth. Q: Why isnt Monica Lewinsky doing the Oprah Winfrey show? A: Her fiancee, Dave, asked her not to.Hey, did you folks get a chance to see the impeachment hearings today on television?  Werent they exciting, huh?  I enjoyed it.  I think my favorite part of the impeachment hearings was the opening musical salute to past impeachments. Strom Thurmond showed up at the impeachment hearings wearing the same suit he wore for the Andrew Johnson impeachment hearings.I thought the highlight of the first day of the impeachment hearings was when -- this was kind of a dramatic moment -- they dimmed the lights, and then they swore in Monica Lewinskys stained dress.You know, the Republicans are going crazy. They want the impeachment proceedings to cover all of President Clintons scandals, or alleged scandals.  And were talking about here: filegate, travelgate, Whitewatergate, Monicagate.  Im telling you, this Clinton has more gates than the Newark Airport.President Gerald Ford was in the New York Times over the weekend in a little article, a little editorial he wrote. ...  He says he doesnt think Clinton ought to be impeached.  He said he should receive a harshly worded rebuke.  Yeah, like I got after I hosted the academy awards.Im thinking back on this. Gerald Ford, while he was in office, was never involved in any sex scandal whatsoever.  Except there was one time he accidentally fell on an intern, but other than that....Its good to have Ross Perot back, and its good to see that hes even crazier than he used to be.  Hes just a full-blown, certified, A.A.A. whack job, Ross Perot.  So Ross Perot, this nosebleed, is on Meet the Press and Larry King, and hes telling people that President Clinton is one of these guys that is mad for power.  He is power crazy.  He is lusting for power.  This is Ross Perot talking about President Clinton.  Then Ross Perot announced that next year he will be running for president for the 14th time!Over the weekend, President Clinton was at Camp David, and he spent the weekend on the phone.  And I actually believe he placed 17 calls to Democratic congressmen, talked to 17 congressman on the phone.  And during those phone calls -- and I think this is a good sign.  I believe this is a sign that maybe hes learned his lesson.  During those phone calls, he only had sex twice.It just seems to me like more of a negative slant regarding the President from CBS News than you might guess. Here, take a look at this.  The Clinton Legacy: on January 20, 1993, William Jefferson Clinton was inaugurated the 42nd president of the United States.  Early in President Clintons tenure, he succeeded in getting Congress to pass the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA.  To celebrate, he had sex with a Mexican school teacher on the White House stairs.  In 1996, the President enacted a measure to raise the minimum wage by 90 cents an hour.  He marked the occasion by nailing a counter girl and condiment waitress at a local Wendys.  More recently, President Clinton dropped by the editing room where this video tape was being prepared.  While there, he scored with our tape editor, assistant director, and then he went to my home and had sex with my wife.  Bill Clinton: good riddance to that home-wrecking son of a bitch. Paul Schaefer: A slightly negative edge to it. This may be the first time in the history of this great country of ours that impeachment proceedings contained an article of impeachment which contained the word, jiggy.I think this Henry Hyde has done a very good job of being the Chairman of the impeachment committee, you know.  Henry Hyde, doing a fine job.  Although next year, next year, Im kind of hoping they bring back Billy Crystal.We poke a lot of fun, make a lot of jokes about President Clinton, but in his time of need right now, my heart is going out to President Clinton, because I want to tell you something.  Think about this: When they started the impeachment inquiry procedure -- think about it -- that makes it virtually impossible now for this man to get a date.Jesse Helms says this is what he would like to have happen to Clinton: He would like Clinton to be dragged out onto the floor of the Senate, and have somebody come in and weld his fly shut.  And I thought, well, I dont know.  That seems extreme to me, I said to myself.And the Democrats, on the other hand, they just think that Clinton should be grounded for six weeks. Former President Gerald Ford believes that President Clinton should not be impeached, he should receive a harsh rebuke. Man, thats as bad as it gets.  That is as serious a thing as youre going to find.  I mean, OJ, even OJ didnt get a harsh rebuke.Bob Dole...I dont believe...I dont think Bob Dole ever had a sex scandal.  In all that time, I dont think Bob...And them Im thinking, but, on the other hand, I dont think he ever had an intern under 70.And I want to tell you something, if I look tired and a little more haggard than usual, I went out right after the show with Mr. and Mrs. Bob Dole, Bob and his wife, Elizabeth Dole, and I want to tell you, this Bob Dole is quite a guy.  I bet you he knocked back eight rum and viagras.Are you folks enjoying the impeachment hearings on television?  Are you enjoying the impeachment hearings?  The Republicans, theyre like bulldogs now.  Theyre not going to let this thing go.  Theyre developing quite a case against Clinton.  Here are the charges now theyre trying to get pushed through against Clinton: Obstruction of justice, perjury, and kidnapping an East Side socialite.  Did you know that?Former President Gerald Ford, last weekend, he says hes against the impeachment.  He thinks instead of the impeachment, President Clinton should receive a harsh rebuke.  A harsh rebuke.  I dont know.  And today, Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank said that Clinton should receive a harsh rebuke and brunch.Henry Hyde, the guy whos running the impeachment proceedings, have you seen the guy, Henry Hyde?  Next time you see Henry Hyde, isnt he the guy at the appliance store whos always trying to get you to buy the two-year service contract?You know, this is a little disturbing, if you think about it.  The exodus down there at the White House continues.  This is the kind of thing theyre trying to keep covered up.  You know, Mike McCurry, he left.  He left.  Erskine Bowles, adios.  He left as well.  The newest one to leave, Rahm Emanuel.  You know whats scary here, ladies and gentlemen?  If this trend continues, pretty soon, theres not going to be anybody at the White House except for Clinton and the interns.And a couple of days ago, when they took the vote, there was a very touching moment, I thought.  The Chairman of the impeachment committee, Henry Hyde -- you know Henry Hyde -- after the vote, he runs up into the gallery and hugs the Nixon family.I think Ive actually met this guy.  I think one time years ago, this guy came up to me in a car dealership, this Henry Hyde.  Honestly, I think he said to me: You know, Dave, theres everything else, and then theres the Lincoln Town Car.Some of the Democrats have crossed party lines.  You know, some of them have given up one party to go the other direction.  For example, Ted Kennedy...Ted Kennedy...last night, he left a party at Bennigans to go to a party at Houlihans.Im not a political expert, Im no pundit, Im no genius -- it doesnt look good for President Clinton.  Hes...I understand, people down there tell me hes already working on his farewell address to the interns.You know, they were talking about maybe a settlement with Paula Jones, and I guess Paula Jones wanted a million bucks for the settlement, and Clintons people said, Well, you know, lets...lets negotiate here.  Lets dicker. ... Yeah, so Paula Jones says she wants a million, and President Clintons people say, What about $700,000? She says, No, no, Im not interested.  And Im thinking, Well, it sounds to me like somebodys got some more plastic surgery planned, you know what Im saying?But I guess its not all bad news for President Clinton, because this weekend, President Clinton is celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary. ...  He has plans for a romantic candlelit dinner, and then afterward, hes going to swing by the White House and pick up Hillary.And Im no baseball expert, but the Padres are in a lot of trouble.  And I understand tomorrow night, in a moving, beautiful ceremony at home plate before the game, Padres manager Bruce Bochy will be impeached.Of course, the Bride of Chucky, it turns out its Linda Tripp.Have you been following the peace talks?  The Middle East peace talks taking place in Maryland. You have Yasser Arafat and Bibi Netanyahu.  And President Clinton very, very concerned about the peace talks.  He actually canceled a trip to go to California so that he could move the peace talks along.  You see, hes very worried that if the peace talks drag on much longer, hes going to miss his own impeachment and its driving him nuts.Dont kid yourself.  Clinton is taking these peace talks very serious.  Not only did he cancel his trip to California, but earlier today, he canceled his 4:00 oclock intern.Heres another way you can tell the Padres suck, ladies and gentlemen.  Their new mascot is an intern.And of course, President Clinton, like hes got nothing else to do, he calls...the clubhouse and talks to (Yankees manager) Joe Torre.  You know, its the traditional congratulatory telephone call, President Clinton calling Joe Torre.  And God bless President Clinton. He gets his calls mixed up, and he says to Torre, So, Joe, what are you wearing?When the Yankees won the World Series,  I havent seen so much high-fivin and champagne-drinking since the Republicans got the Starr report.Now, theyre saying that the 1998 Yankee team could be the greatest team ever assembled, ever assembled.  1998 Yankees could be the greatest team ever assembled. Thats right.  Theyre even comparing it to the 1995 White House interns.The San Diego Padres didnt even really put up a fight, did they?  (The Yankees) swept 4-0.  Ive been thinking about this -- Im no baseball expert -- Ive been thinking about this all day, and the Padres, I mean, what can you say?  I mean, my God, they went down faster than White House interns.By the way, congratulations to President Clinton.  I think he did a darned nice job negotiating that Middle East...am I the only one applauding?  The Middle East peace agreement.  I thought so.  The peace negotiations, as you can imagine, very, very emotional situation.  And when they were concluded -- I thought this was a great thing -- Clinton and Netanyahu and Yasser Arafat were all hugged by the Roger Maris family.Clinton is so confident now, hes even thinking about maybe trying to negotiate a peace settlement with his wife.By the way, happy birthday to the First Lady, Hillary Clinton.  I believe yesterday, 51 years old. ...  So to celebrate the birthday yesterday, President Clinton and Hillary shared a quiet dinner, to be followed by another quiet dinner... followed by another quiet dinner, and another and another, and another.As I mentioned, John Glenn is certainly no stranger to space travel.  A former astronaut, and during his years in the Senate, he spent most of his time trying to escape the gravitational pull of Ted Kennedy. Bad news from Moscow, ladies and gentlemen.  Boris Yeltsin is sick again.  Thats right.  Hes not feeling well.  Thats right.  Hes doing very badly.  In fact, hes so ill, he may not be able to attend his own funeral.And the doctors did an examination on him, and they found a clot in his blood.  Found a clot.  Turned out it was an olive.Im no political science expert, Im no political pundit, but boy, the politics here in New York City are really getting dirty.  Do you know what Im talking about?  This Senate race with Al DAmato and Charles Schumer.  Now listen to this.  Today, DAmato claims that he has naked photos of Schumer with Dr. Laura Schlesinger.  And now Schumer is claiming that DAmato is paying Claudia Schiffer to be his fiancee.(Current events segment): Hillary Clinton recently celebrated her 51st what?  Hillary Clinton, the lovely First Lady, recently celebrated her 51st what? Audience member: Birthday. Letterman: No, no, no, no.  Her 51st month without having sex with Bill.Yesterday, two million people went out to see the marathon, two million people here in New York City.  And tomorrow, its election day, and about 700 people will vote. Boy, the Senate campaign here in New York City. ...  You getting a little tired of the Senate campaign in New York?  I think Al DAmato is tired, you know?  And you can tell.  Hes starting to lose it a little bit, because earlier today, he accidentally kissed a blintz and ate a baby.Are you excited about John Glenn in outer space? ...  Mayor Giuliani says that when John Glenn gets back from space, hes going to give him a ticker tape parade.  And also, John Glenn, I understand, receives a giant check from Abe Hirschfeld.Its election day, and...election day in America.  Thats the day when millions and millions and millions of Americans leave work early and pretend to vote.Whenever I go into the voting machine and right into the booth there, close the curtain, you see, then I slip out of my pants.  And I take my pants and I hold them out the curtain, you know, like this.  And, Im shaking them, and Im screaming, Hey!  Hey, do these come in a 32? Here in New York, I guess the big hotly...heated, contested race is for Senate.  Its Al DAmato and Chuck Schumer.  Have you folks been following this thing? ...  I tell you, the tragedy of this race, the tragedy of this campaign, the Schumer-DAmato Senate seat campaign, the real tragedy, I think, is that one of these guys is going to win.I dont want to say that Al DAmato has run a negative, ugly, nasty, vicious campaign.  But earlier today, he received a last-minute endorsement from the Bride of Chucky.And Im no political expert, Im no political pundit.  I dont know what the hell is going on.  But yesterday, apparently now, what were hearing, the Democrats did surprisingly well in the elections. ...  Yeah, they did surprisingly well in the elections, and that means one thing: That President Clinton looks like he can start dating again.Politics is tough.  Its hard, its dirty.  Politics is tough.  I was telling this same thing to my cab driver this morning, Al DAmato.  I said, Al, politics is tough.  Its tough, tough.Dont worry about Al DAmato.  Hes busy right now getting ready to tour his new cabaret act.  Its called Delightful, Delicious, DAmato.Damato was very busy today.  He was buying up all the bubble wrap he could so he could pack up his ethnic slurs.And the governors race, Governor George Pataki defeated Peter Vallone. ...  Peter Vallone is also, also very busy today.  He was meeting with his transition team to help ease him from obscurity to oblivion.But the voters, the voters have spoken, the voters have spoken, and this is what they said.  They said they like their pro wrestlers and their cheatin Presidents.Former professional wrestler Jesse the Body Ventura is now...is now the governor of the state of Minnesota.  Thats unbelievable, isnt it?  Governor of the state of Minnesota.  He campaigned on a platform promising to legalize prostitution.  So, man, so it really was a good day for Clinton.And Jesse the Body Ventura, now, hes six foot, five inches tall, weighs 270, 280 pounds.  He is the largest public office holder in the US.  Well, now, wait a minute.  If you dont count Janet Reno, then he would be the...This just in, by the way: The new Speaker of the House...did you hear this?  The new Speaker of the House, Hulk Hogan.So Newt Gingrich resigns from Speaker of the House, and hes stepping down from his seat in Congress.  You know, to me, I dont know...this seems like sissy-boy behavior there.  Things aint going your way, you quit, you run off and hide?But I dont know.  He said the thing that he will regret most is, you know, he wont be in Washington for the impeachment.And believe me, ladies and gentlemen, Im no expert, Im no political pundit.  Im beginning to believe that this whole impeachment thing...this whole impeachment thing, Im beginning to think now, was Clintons idea...so he could get rid of the Republicans.As I understand it, Newt Gingrich knew that he was going to have to step aside.  He knew that he was not long for a political future when he lost the support of the Roger Maris family.Youre worried about Newt getting a job?  No, no, no, ladies and gentlemen, please dont worry about Newt.  Hes already got a pretty good gig.  Hes going to be one of those fat guys that spells out YANKS.So now it looks like the new Speaker of the House is this guy named Bob Livingston. ...  I think this guy is going to be like the feel-good Speaker of the House, you know? ...  He previously was the Mayor of Pleasantville, did you know that?Dont kid yourself, President Clinton is not out of the woods yet on this impeachment deal.  Now heres how this goes.  Henry Hyde sends over to President Clintons house, the White House, there...sends over to him a questionnaire, and he has to answer questions about his affair with Monica Lewinsky.  Tough questions.  42 of these questions contain the word jiggy, so its not going to be easy.Have you seen the new Al Gore? Hes wearing a beard. Have you seen Al Gore wearing a beard? Hes hoping that the rabbi look will help him next time in Florida.Have you been following the Gary Condit saga? I just found out Gary Condit is hiding out now in Modesto, California. So now hes disappeared. Usually its just people hes dating that disappear. But now hes actually disappeared.So after months and months and months of dodging the press, he has dropped out of sight and gone into seclusion with his family...no, wait, Im sorry, thats President Bush.President Bush.says he needs a month off to unwind. Unwind? When the hell does this guy wind?If you think about it, he might as well be on vacation, because, really, the only thing he has to do yet this year, I guess, is, you know, light the White House Christmas Tree, and then that will be it.President Bush went to Wisconsin, he went to a Harley Davidson factory, and he rode a motorcycle. And I think its the biggest thing a President has ridden since...Have you folks been following the Congressman Gary Condit saga? Quite a guy, huh? Piece of work, dont you think? Apparently now hes in seclusion, and hes back in Modesto, and hes rambling around in his big, huge house kind of talking to nobody there, and I said to myself, Its like I have a twin.Connie Chung will be interviewing Gary Condit, I guess sometime this week. And he set up...here are the rules for the Gary Condit interview. He wants to wear a ski mask. Hell be wearing dark glasses, and will only answer to the name Kurt.But this is all part of Gary Condit trying to make a comeback. Hes also going to be appearing on Primetime Glick.The interview will take place at an undisclosed location. Undisclosed location. Isnt that where his dates usually end up?Did you hear about Hillary Clintons brother? Its not Hugh, its Tony. Did you hear about this story? Apparently hes got, like, a vacation house somewhere in Pennsylvania, and he gets beat up, see? Because hes having sex with somebodys fiance. Yeah, and Im thinking, boy, this Clintons a lucky guy, if you think about it, you know what I mean? Really. Its hard to find a brother-in-law who has the same interests as you.McDonalds, you know, they got some good news today. When Bush found out about them rigging the contest, he said, Okay, Id like you to handle the next election in Florida.Thursday night, Connie Chung will interview Gary Condit and then Friday morning, the police will interview Gary Condit. Mr. Condit, when was the last time you saw Connie Chung?Im looking forward to the interview. Its been a long time since weve seen a philandering politician hold his wifes hand on TV, you know?Connie, understandably -- like this is a journalistic coup -- shes very, very excited about it. Shes getting ready for the interview. Shes got a brand-new outfit, I read. Shes got some, like, makeup ready to go. Shes got a new can of pepper spray. Shes set.President Bush, lets see what the hell is he doing. Oh, hes still on a working vacation. I believe it will come to an end January 20, 2005. That will be it for the working vacation.You know, what a working vacation is? Thats where they mix business with pleasure. Its the same kind of thing Clinton used to do at his desk!Im sorry, Im a little late getting out here. I was backstage watching Gary Condit lie his ass off.You know, the Gary Condit/Connie Chung interview over there on ABC, well, its over and just about now, police cadets are searching the woods for Connie Chung and...This Condit is a piece of work. He says now that he has watched the interview he did with Connie Chung, and now he says he actually believes he didnt do it.You know, when this whole thing first began, he was not really cooperative, and so to make everybody feel better, he gave himself a lie detector test. He passed. Thats right, and then...and then...and then, later, he actually tried to beat a confession out of himself.As you watch the Gary Condit interview, three words come to mind: stiff, unbending, and impenetrable. And thats just his hair.But Condits goal tonight, his goal, his reason for doing the interview, he wants to clear his good name so he can start dating again. Thats the goal.Did you hear about this? President Clinton got a book deal, $12 million? Whhoo! Bubbas going to write a book. Its unbelievable.Its being published by Simon and Shyster.Yesterday Bill Clinton was out there in Las Vegas. He had a speaking engagement -- oh, boy. And he went to see Siegfried and Roy. And by the way, Siegfried and Roy -- arent they the only couple stranger than Bill and Hillary?Today is August 24, which means we are almost just about entering the autumn portion of George Bushs vacation.Have you heard this? 79 years old Jesse Helms is retiring. He...Jesse is at an awkward age. Hes really...too old to run again, and hes too young to watch CBS. You see, at an awkward kind of thing. He just doesnt know what to do with himself.Oh, my God, last night, how many of you saw the Gary Condit interview with Connie Chung over on ABC last night? How many of you saw that? Well, it was quite a coup for ABC and for Connie Chung. But, Im proud to say, not to be outdone, Dan Rather, right here on CBS, tonight, is going bass fishing with Hugh and Tony Rodham.But ABC, you know, theyre not kidding around. They werent taking any chances. Before the interview, they fitted Connie Chung with Lojack.Condit now is trying to rehabilitate himself publicly and politically, and insiders say that what hes really worried about now, if he has to quit, if he has to leave the Congress, hell lose his pension, you know what Im saying? Thats interesting. The guy has no problem losing an intern, but hes worried about his pension.The interview with Connie Chung was an historic broadcast, because for a full 30 minutes, for the first time, Condits wife actually knew the woman he was with.So this guy is what they call a serial adulterer, and his wife is forgiving him, and theyre on television holding hands. This guy could be president.Congratulations to President George Bush. Over the weekend, he was elected, enshrined in the Little League Hall of Excellence. I think that makes sense. I mean -- come on, hes kind of like a little league President, isnt he really, sort of?Before we go on, let me just say this one thing. Ive been married for 34 years. I am not a perfect man.By the way, did you hear this? Robert Blake has canceled his interview with Connie Chung.Gary Condit is so desperate, hes been trying to buy a pardon from Roger Clinton.How many of you saw the Gary Condit interview with Connie Chung? How many of you? Im telling you, I watched this thing, and I sat close to the TV so I wouldnt miss nothing. And he was evasive, he was crafty, he was defensive, but on the other hand, I thought he was just plain creepy.Gary Condit comes off so shifty and so weasely, even if he did confess, people would still think he was lying.The kid who pitched the perfect game in the Little League world series, Danny Almonte, do you know about this? Well, theres another side to this story. It turns out now, he may be a little older than 12. . They asked the kid...they said, Now, Danny, are you 12 years old? And Danny said, Look, Ive been married 34 years. Ive made a lot of mistakes. Im not a perfect man.Boy, if you think hes in trouble now night hes doing an interview with Connie Chung.The murder rate in Washington, DC, our nations capitol, has dropped. Its off, its down and... And...its because they think...they think its because Gary Condit has stopped dating.Bill Clintons in Rio de Janeiro. How many of you saw this picture of Bill Clinton -- hes wearing his shorts and hes down there on the beach in Rio de Janeiro -- you know? God bless the guy, you know. Hes not building homes for the needy. Hes running around like he won Powerball.Bill Clinton is down there stumbling around on the beach. Hes got his T-shirt on and hes got his shorts. Thats just what the people in Rio need, another fat American staring at topless chicks.How about this Gary Condit? What a boob this guy turned out to be. This is the guy, you know, when the heat is on, rather than talk to the police, or talk to the press, he gives himself a lie detector test, remember that?Apparently, back at the apartment he has a lie detector machine. So he gave himself a lie detector test and it turns out he passed. Yes, he passed the test. There was a couple tricky questions but he passed the test.And then later, as the story progressed, later there was a lot more controversy. So heres what he did, he tried to beat a confession out of himself. That didnt work.You have got to understand a guy in this position, hes very defensive, very, very defensive and I think his defense is getting more and more desperate. Now hes saying, All right, Im not a murderer, okay, Im a schmuck. Im not a murderer. Im just a schmuck.How many of you saw the interview he did with Connie Chung? How many of you saw that? Wow, man. So ever since that interview, hes been huddling with his advisers and, seriously, I think I speak for everyone when I say, Wait a minute, somebodys advising this guy?Hes actually getting advice from somebody, this guy? He commits one PR nightmare after another. But, you know, the good news is this time hes just digging his own grave, so thats the good news.Former President Bill Clinton is down there in Rio de Janeiro and he, apparently, theres a big picture of him in the paper, hes out there on the beach with his shorts and his big fat stomach, and hes staring at topless women. And he goes into a store and he buys two bikinis and three sarongs. So, it sounds like hes dating again, huh?Tonight is our eighth anniversary of doing television right here. . Eight years in the Ed Sullivan theater. . When we first started this show eight years ago, Dick Cheney was on his third heart attack.Eight years ago, Gary Condits haircut was actually in style.Back there in California, in the Modesto area, what theyre doing is theyre changing the boundaries on Condits congressional district so it will make it difficult for him to win reelection. Other than that, hed be a shoo-in, other than that.Political experts are now saying that Condits political base is disappearing. Well, he must have been dating it.You know what? Gary Condit will be barbecuing this weekend. You know Gary Condit? He has one of those aprons that reads, Ive been married for 34 years, Ive made some mistakes, Im not a perfect man. I think the kids got that for him.And then on Tuesday, Condit flies back to Washington. You know, he has to meet the fall interns.But hell be flying back from California. You know what that means. Hell be picking up another flight attendant, so there you go.Remember when President Bush said, Im going away on a 30-day vacation, we just all laughed silly, like, What? Really? 30 what? And he said, yeah, he needs some time to unwind. And we said... When the hell do you wind, for Gods sakes?It looks like President Clinton now will get his own radio show. And hes got a lot of ideas for the radio show, President Clinton. For example, if youre the tenth caller, you get a free pardon. I think thats pretty good.Actual letters from actual letter writers. Here we go. Dear Dave, do you think Gary Condit could ever get reelected? Will Foreman, Middletown, Connecticut. . Well, you know, I would guess that the voters in Gary Condits district are not too pleased with him, especially when you look back at the commercials that he ran during his last campaign. Yeah, weve got an old commercial from the 2000 campaign. Its a Gary Condit campaign ad from the year 2000 election. Take a look. Congressman Gary Condit -- for the past 11 years hes worked hard for northern California. If reelected, he will make good on these three promises: He will fight to lower taxes. He will improve the quality of California schools. And under no circumstances will he have an illicit affair with an intern who ends up mysteriously disappearing and then lie about the whole thing on national television to Connie Chung. Thats the Condit guarantee. Paid for by the Committee to Reelect Gary Condit.On Labor Day, everybodys having a barbecue. Down in Washington, Congressman Gary Condit, you know -- well, police spent two hours grilling him.But then Condit had his own barbecue, and it was a huge success. Only two women are missing, so thats pretty good for him.I had a very successful summer. I was not attacked by a shark...or a publicist...or a congressman, so Im feeling very lucky.Gary Condit is back in Washington, and his wife now is doing everything she can to keep him in line, and today, she installed a motion detector in his pants!Say what you will about Gary Condit, but there is a guy who knows how to end a summer romance.Janet Reno is going to run for governor of Florida. Yeah, she made the official announcement during a surprise predawn press conference.But Renos going to run and shes taking kind of a hint from Al Gore -- shes growing a beard.Over there on NBC they have a show called Lost. Do you know what that is? Heres what happens, contestants are blindfolded and they are dropped in undisclosed locations. Its like a date with Gary Condit.Gary Condit of course is back in Congress, they had their first vote today and I believe Gary Condit voted for more interns.George Bush is all excited in the White House because this will be their first state dinner and its for Mexican President Vicente Fox. And even Dick Cheney is thrilled, and in honor of the Mexican President he had his pacemaker reset to a salsa beat.Heres exciting news: Janet Reno is running for governor of Florida. It was either that or DH for the Devil Rays.Friday, September 7, and you know what that means? Its the beginning of another 30-day weekend for President Bush. Give him a little time to unwind.They had a big state dinner at the White House for the President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, they had a big state dinner for him. And it was exciting. I guess the highlight was when Dick Cheney -- Vice President, you know, with the heart thing -- passed out in the guacamole.It was a crazy night. About 1:00 they had to run over to Ted Kennedys house for more margarita salt.Janet Reno is running. She wants to be governor, running for governor of the state of Florida. And shes very popular down there. A lot of folks remember her when she played for the Dolphins.Gary Condit is back in Washington looking tanned, rested, and creepy.Condits father -- everybody has to get their two cents in on this -- Condits father was interviewed some place and hes blaming, blaming all of his sons problems and difficulties on Satan. Now, heres the weird part. Now Satan is missing.You know, every night I get a...a parcel of jokes. And theyre out here and sometimes I think, well, lets try a joke. I think everybody enjoys a joke. Theyre right here on the cards, you know. . Lets try one right here. New Yorkers are helping out other New Yorkers. Well, thats good. In fact, last night, two bouncers helped me out of Hooters.Theres a sense of togetherness in the city. I was in the subway today, and a guy wanted to share my pants.Everybodys incredibly patriotic. Earlier today, Im walking through Central Park, and honest to God, I saw a squirrel painting his nuts red, white and blue.In the beginning of the Miss America pageant, all 50 came out dressed as something from their home state, something indigenous to their home state. And Miss Florida came out -- it was great -- dressed as a cooked voting machine.Today was primary election day here in New York City. And people from all over the country are helping out. Florida -- for example, the state of Florida...they donated 1,000 crooked voting machines.Before we begin, I have one announcement to make. I am available for a third term.Today is an important event in the history of television. 39 years ago today, talk about how time gets away from you, the Beverly Hillbillies debuted on CBS. 39 years...thats right, and then in 1992 they moved into the White House for eight years.Everybody is carpooling. How many of you carpooled in here this afternoon? . Heres what I do. I got together with my neighbors and Ive been carpooling all week and its working out great. Some mornings I drive, some mornings Bill drives, some mornings Hillary drives, and we all...Ill tell you something about Senator Clinton. The last time Senator Clinton was on this show, the very next day I had quintuple bypass surgery. Ooh. Lets keep our fingers crossed.Tonight were going to be trying something we call covert comedy. Were going to try something called covert comedy. You may not be aware of it, but its there.Bad news for Bill Clinton. He is disbarred, thats right, so now the only time he can argue a case is in front his wife.I was thinking about something today. And if you know anything about me at all, you know Im no political genius. I dont know how stuff happens. But I was thinking to myself today, you know what this country needs right now? A good old fashioned Bill Clinton sex scandal.Talking about Bill Clinton, yesterday, the Supreme Court disbarred him, you know? But hes not worried about that because hes just going to pardon himself.Hasnt the weather been just wonderful, spectacular? Its so nice, Mayor Giuliani is working on a plan. Hes going to try to get us three more months of summer.Congress is thinking of ways to stimulate the economy, and they came up with an idea. They suggested that we go back to the three martini lunch. Thats your congressman there. Theyre thinking bring back the three martini lunch. And Senator Ted Kennedy said, Well, wait a minute. When did it go away?Former President Clinton and Bob Dole are traveling the country together. Thats an interesting combination, isnt it? Clinton and Bob Dole? And...they have nothing really in common. I mean...in Doles case, its only his arteries that are hard.It turns out that Bill Clinton, how many of you remember Bill Clinton? Turns out 8 years he was in the White House he had tape recorders working in the Oval Office. Yeah? This could get pretty good. They apparently were voice activated...just like his fly.These tapes are available to everyone. There are 80 in the Clinton audio tape collection. If you buy all 80 hell throw in his sex video, Too Hot for the Starr Report. Its a wonderful.The tape recorder was equipped with forward, reverse, and pause -- like his interns.People who have listened to the tapes say you cant really hear anything because of the sound of Monicas head thumping on the desk.Mayor Rudolph Giuliani continues to say we should go on and live our lives normally. He said that, live your life normally. So today I took him up on it and sat in the house all day in my underwear watching Ricky Lake. Things are back to normal for me.Security now, if you have been traveling around New York City, security is extra tight. Listen to this, Im walking through Central Park today on my lunch hour. This is how tight security is -- I saw a squirrel X-raying his nuts.You know, they say New Yorkers now are coping by having lots and lots of sex. I know thats how Im coping, and its costing me a bundle.Have you folks seen the creepy picture of Osama bin Laden in the newspaper wearing his Timex wrist watch? Why would this guy possibly need a watch? He lives in a cave. What the hell does he need a watch for? He lives in a cave. Its either night or day. Thats it.It will be interesting to see how that watch is working after a couple of cruise missiles.Earlier today, we had a little scare. Guys, about a half a dozen guys.in contamination suits broke into Ruperts Hello Deli and carried out the chicken salad.In all honesty, people in New York City are still a little bit nervous. The drug dealers, as a matter of fact, now theyre selling Cipro.Boy, you can sure tell theres a war going on. Earlier today, up at Yankee Stadium, George Steinbrenner showed up in a camouflage turtle neck sweater.Were learning more and more now about Osama bin Laden. His father -- listen to this -- his father was married 16 times, and he has five wives. I think were getting to the roots of his anger.And they say bin Laden never spends the night in the same place twice. Wait a minute. Thats Clinton. Forget that.Im in a pretty good mood today although people in the city are still a little jumpy. Tonight Im wearing my biohazard underwear.You can sure tell its autumn in New York. On my lunch hour today I was in Central Park and saw a squirrel storing Cipro for the winter.I hate it when people try to capitalize on a situation. After my walk in Central Park, Im in Starbucks and they have a new item, Ciproccino.And there was another health scare in New York City yesterday up in the Bronx -- a choking incident in the Bronx. Turned out later to be the Oakland Athletics.Im feeling a little weird. Its my own fault. Here is what happened I mixed the Viagra with the Cipro.People in New York City are still jittery. I am walking down the street and I see a doorman trying to whistle for a cab wearing a gas mask.Im telling you, this anthrax thing has taken the fun out of being a hypochondriac.CNN is going to send six questions to Osama bin Laden. They are going to try and get him to answer six questions. They published the list of questions today that they are sending Osama bin Laden. The first question, question one, listen to this: where is the strangest place you and your five wives have ever made whoopie?You know, the whole thing to me is a waste of time. If I want it listen to a bunch of weird answers, I would invite Farrah Fawcett back.Im feeling pretty good, having a pretty good day so far. I got up really early, I took my cipro, then I irradiated my mail. I am ready to go.Im telling you, even if people sent me mail, I wouldnt be opening it now. Hey, dont kid yourself. That e-mail? Thats not safe either. I turn on the thing today and the AOL guy comes on, you know, and he says, Welcome, youve got anthrax.You know who hates this time of year? Ill tell you who hates this time of year, Osama bin Laden. He gets an hour less daylight in his cave.Im going to have to ask you folks not to the applaud during tonights show. Heres what happens. When you applaud, what happens is you circulates the spores.Maybe we shouldnt be joking about this anthrax because Im telling you everybody is worried. I mean theyre just scared silly about anthrax. Last night for example, at the end of the evening, Im paying my date. And honest to God, she was afraid to open the envelope.Seems like every day were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. Heres what I learned about this guy today. He has 26 kids now from five different wives. Osama bin Laden has 26 kids, five different wives. Wasnt that the premise for Bonanza?Osama bin Laden is an evil madman who lives in a cave. Its like I have a twin.Turns out the guy has a sidekick - Mini-Laden.I hope tonight everybody is on a heightened state of alert. And believe me thats very hard to do watching this show. President Bush by the way, said we should resume our normal lives. Go on just as everything is fine. How many of you have been trying to do that? So last night I went home sat around in my underwear and drank a quart of malt liquor.Did you see this last night at Yankee stadium President Bush threw out the first pitch of the ballgame? The White House said it was a strike. The Taliban said it missed and killed several innocent people.You know, it seems like every day were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. Here is what we know about this guy, he lives in a cave and every morning he gets up bright and early and changes the bat litter.This guy, Osama bin Laden, has $300 million, 26 kids, five different wives. Lets take a look at these statistics again. $300 million, 26 kids, five wives and what does he hate? The excessive American lifestyle. Thats what he hates.I dont like to brag but I think my house was very popular this year. I was giving out the fun-sized Cipro. Very popular.Im telling you, forgive me, but I had a pretty big Halloween last night and I overdid it and Im telling you, I think I had too much Cipro.According to the Pentagon, last night US Special Forces sneaked into a Taliban stronghold and smashed a dozen Jack oLanterns.Remember a couple of days ago they had the big FBI warning, a state of high alert. Do you remember the waring from the FBI? Turns out it was mainly for the Arizona Diamondbacks.Just amazing. For the first time ever the World Series went into November, for the first time ever went into November. And I thought, well why not? Last year we had an election that went into January, so.New York City is still on a very high state of alert, you know? The warning is still out. People are still very, very jumpy. And you got to...keep your eye out when youre on a high state of alert. And, you know, for me, that means when Im on a high state of alert, Im always...Im always looking for...vice cops.You know, were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. He is a multimillionaire who lives in a cave. Isnt that the premise of Batman? Isnt that the same? Bruce Wayne?This weekend, of course, is the annual New York City Marathon. How many folks here tonight will be running in the New York City Marathon? How many? Its going to be a much bigger deal. Its going to take a lot longer to run this year. 40,000 runners in biohazard suits.Every Friday night...and I think I felt fairly courageous about this for years and years and years, but now, in the light of the circumstances going on in this country, I think you see that its even more heroic and more courageous that we do this, once a week we answer the mail.It sneaked up on us, but tomorrow here in New York City is election day. And I want to tell you one thing if you could be here in New York watching this mayoral campaign, I think youd have to agree with me, its a darn shame that only one of these candidates can lose.Congratulations to Tesaye Jifar from Ethiopia. He is the New York City marathon champion and in a record time of 2:07. And I want to tell you something -- what did I say? 2:07. Its amazing, isnt it? And its tough. Really tough this year, he was running at 26 miles in a biohazard suit.The Northern Alliance says that theyre making progress against the Taliban. You know the Northern Alliance, theyre the allies well have to fight next year.The leader of the Taliban, Mullah Mohammed Omar has challenged George W. Bush to a duel. And Bush said, All right, as long as we can have it in Florida.I suppose this is a kind of thing that we shouldnt let shake our confidence but a couple of weeks ago the Pentagon started telling people here, citizens folks like you and me, if you have any insight how we can fight terrorism, get in touch with us. But you know it hasnt been that effective, and I mean its just a bunch of guys, Oh, yeah what about Batman? Have you contacted batman?Think about this. The new mayor will either be Michael Bloomberg or Mark Green, one of the two men the new mayor of New York City. Wait a minute. I bet this is exactly what the FBI was trying to warn us about.We have a new mayor in New York. Its pretty exciting isnt it? Yesterday we had the election and today were returning the crooked voting machines to Florida.Congratulations to Mayor-elect Michael Bloomberg. Ill tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, it goes to show you, you have a dream, determination, stamina, theres nothing you cant accomplish with $50 million.Were learning more and more about this whacky Osama bin Laden. We know he lives in a cave. We know that. Apparently at one point in his life he was a womanizer. This guy was a womanizer. He wouldnt quit. Finally all of that stopped and he settled down with his five wives and had 26 kids. So that...all of that is behind him.And, Osama bin Laden had a drinking problem. You know? I think that makes sense if youre 45 and living in a cave, I would bet booze somehow...You know what they say about this guy, this Mayor-elect Bloomberg, they say he is a business genius. And Im thinking, gee, really, hes a business genius? I dont know, he spent $50 million to get a $100,000 a year job.You know, he and Mayor Giuliani have a lot in common. Both of them have girlfriends and neither one can get Donna Hanover out of Gracie Mansion, so...Taliban leader Mullah Omar has challenged George Bush to a duel, and he countered...Bush countered the challenge, he challenged Omar to six innings of T-ball.Bush thought it over and he decided hed go ahead with the duel. Hes going to go ahead with duel. He told Little Jeb and Pa to meet him at the corral.Were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. For example, in college, Osama bin Laden was a loner. He was a loner. The only fun he would have would be in the springtime when he would go to Daytona Beach for spring jihad.Hes a big drinker. Hes, like, a drunk, this Osama bin Laden. His favorite bar is Thank Allah, its Friday.Thats not true. Osama bin Laden quit drinking years ago, quit drinking years ago. But its funny now, ironically, hes still getting bombed every day.Boy, you can sure tell the election is over. On my lunch hour today, Im walking through Central Park and I see a squirrel scraping a Mark Green sticker off his nuts.I got a big weekend planned. Im going to ice down some beer and watch Uncle Sam take out Taliban amo dumps.Theyre using some very powerful sophisticated weaponry over there in Afghanistan. The United States is dropping this whole new generation of bombs. First it was the bunker-buster, then after that, they went to something called the daisy cutter, and now theyre using a new device, the salad spinner.Are you like me in are you worried about the Northern Alliance. Im a little nervous about the Northern Alliance. Today they said they could not attack because its allergy season.Heres more bad news. You know that Osama bin Laden? Experts now say that it looks like the guy will probably survive the winter. And you know how hes going to do it? Well, they think hes just going to eat all the food stuck in his beard. Hell be fine.Maybe you dont know about this. A couple of days ago, we had an election here and we got us a new mayor. Its Mayor-elect Mike Bloomberg, mayor Mike, are you excited about.listen to what happened today. He started thinking about all the problems and all the trouble for New York City. Hes demanding a recount.Today in Afghanistan good news the Taliban is fleeing Kabul, have you heard about that? So among other things what this means is the people in Kabul can now watch television for the first time in ten years. Its like a big deal for them. Theyre getting out the set hooking it up turning it on and all over the city you can hear people saying, Boy, Dave got old.But the people in Kabul are going nuts shaving beards, throwing away their turbans, lining up to see Shallow Hal.And because of the takeover all of the Taliban leaders are trying to get out of Kabul. Its crazy. Yesterday the local U-Haul ran out of camels.The Taliban has fled Kabul. And now, now that the Taliban is gone you can now smoke, you can dance, you can play music. Im telling you Kabul once again is fun city, ladies and gentlemen.And the Taliban is on the run. They are hiding out and they dont know where to go. Because Pakistan does not want them. Iran does not want them. However, of course, theyll have no problem getting into this country, but thats another story.You know, its interesting with the Taliban gone theyre allowed to play all kinds of music. Listen to this, Kenny G. is back in the elevators.The men are allowed to shave and cut their hair, and Osama bin Laden has shaved his beard as well. Hes trying to pass as Ben Kingsley on a promotional tour for Sexy Beast.While the Taliban was in charge you couldnt watch television. So now theyre gone people are digging up their TVs after ten years. All over the country they are turning them on and saying Oh, Leno is guest hosting for Carson.President Bush and Vladmir Putin, Putin is at President Bushs ranch. Vladmir Putin is down there in Texas at the big ranch. In his honor George Bush had an old-fashioned hoedown. I was thinking about this. The last time President Clinton had a hoedown he got impeached.Last night, and I hate talking about people when they aint here. But last night -- what a lousy audience. What a rough crowd last night. The entire audience last night was on an FBI watch list, the whole audience.Youve been reading about whats going on in Kabul. Its an amazing transformation in a couple of days. It just turned upside down and retail stores, business is booming. Except for one store, that Veils for Less.The Taliban is out of the picture and people are getting their TVs back and watching TV for the first time in ten years. Theyre stunned. They cant believe the cast of 60 Minutes is still alive.Theyve had no music in Afghanistan and the whole country musically speaking is completely backward, they think P. Diddy is still Puff Daddy.You think your weekend is dull. Listen to this. Osama bin Laden will be in his cave all weekend with Mullah Omar playing checkers.Congratulations to the Northern Alliance. They defeated the Taliban. And now they move on to face the winner of the Southern Conference in the Sugar Bowl.You know, its great now that the Taliban is on the run. Afghans have not been allowed to watch television for ten years. And so now theyre getting their televisions out and theyre hooking them up and stuff and theyre amazed and theyre stunned and excited because tonight on Inside The Actors Studio, its the interview with Jon Voight, so they can hardly wait to get there for that.And Sunday night on the al-Jazeera network, its the Kathy Lee Gifford Ramadan special.Were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. This guy has five wives, and one of them, one of his wives is his 14-year-old cousin. Isnt that crazy? He married his 14-year-old cousin. Of course in those days, he was known as Jerry Lee bin Laden.Things have turned upside down completely within a couple of weeks. Unbelievable. Now Afghanistan says theyre looking for help from other countries, because they want to get into the television business, and I said to myself...what a coincidence, so does CBS.That Al Qaeda organization, they have ten Osama bin Laden look- alikes. Its amazing. Listen to this, one of them is Al Gore.Ten Osama bin Laden look-alikes, and they say soon theyll all be available for private parties.The only movie theater in Kabul reopened for business yesterday, and last night there was a line like a mile and a half long to get into see the feature presentation, and I believe it was Dude, wheres my camel?Im in the top physical condition of my life. Heres how I do it. Ill share something with you, every morning I get up and do the Taliban army exercise. Heres how they go. Take couple of deep breaths. And raise your arms above your head. And then you leave them there.Dont kid yourselves. There are bargains everywhere. Everywhere you go, there are bargains. For example, today, Osama bin Laden knocked 30% off the price on his head, 30% off. Come and get me. 30% off.One good thing about this Thanksgiving, because of all the security, you know, I got to drive my family to the airport five hours earlier.We had the big Letterman family Thanksgiving at my house. I didnt go this year. I sent one of my look-alikes.You folks been following the news? The Taliban has collapsed faster than the New York Giants defense.Every day, of course, were finding out more and more information about Osama bin Laden. They say this guy is now currently living in an underground fortress known as Wolfs Hole. Living in an underground fortress known as Wolfs Hole. What is this guy, Goldfinger?When youre on the run like that and youre living in caves, theres a lot of tension, and a lot of anxiety and a lot of pressure. So Osama and his boys -- when theyre on the lam like that, hiding out in caves -- are always looking for stuff to do. So last night, they got together and they watched the Jihad blooper reel.Im having a lousy day. Heres what happened. Im driving to work this morning, and I get pulled over for speeding by a cop. And instead of writing me a ticket, he hands me over to a military tribunal.It looks now like Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar -- his buddy, his lieutenant -- are living together in a cave somewhere. Theyre hiding out in a cave together. I dont... I dont think this is going to work, because one of them is...you know, kind of a slob...and the other one is really kind of a neat freak.I think the number one public relations blunder that this Osama bin Laden made, is he lives in a cave fortress. Thats a mistake right there, because if weve learned one thing, its that you just cant trust a guy who lives in a cave fortress. Dr. No, Lex Luthor, Captain Nemo, Dr. Evil -- Im telling you, the list goes on.They found a cave in which Osama bin Laden used to live. The Northern Alliance busted in and they found a cave in which he used to live. And its like full of nothing but boxes of macaroni. And I thought, well, you know, that makes sense, because its quick, its easy and some nights you just dont feel like slaying a goat, so its perfect.They found a lot of boxes of macaroni and several, a lot of, lot of, lot of double-X sized underpants. So, its macaroni and a lot of really big underpants. Im telling you, it sounds like Graceland, doesnt it?Last night, what a rough crowd we had last night. The entire audience was filled with Federal detainees. The only thing that broke the silence was the sound of sporadic gunfire.The worst selling toy, and you could he guessed this, is Tickle Me Osama bin Laden.Well, Over in Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden stuck his head out of the cave and saw his shadow so that means six more weeks of bombing.And the Taliban are continuing with their brilliant military strategy, the suicide surrender.About a week ago, people reported seeing Osama bin Laden with friends at a restaurant. The single biggest manhunt in the history of the world and this guy is at Red Lobster.They found a cave that Osama bin Laden used to occupy. It was full of boxes of macaroni and extra-large pairs of underpants. Its the same thing George Bush found when he moved into the Oval Office.They have captured now the number one recruiter for the Al Qaeda terrorist network. This is...in the world of terrorists this guy was like a really big deal the recruiter the guy that came up with the recruiting slogan - Were looking for a few mentally deranged lunatics.But Osama bin Laden has this impenetrable fortress carved into a mountainside. Hes living now like, well, Merv Griffin.Its the single biggest manhunt in the history. World and a couple of weeks ago people said that they saw Osama bin Laden with this of his buddies having dinner at a restaurant. Turns out it was just an annual holiday thing he does for the staff.I thought this was fascinating. Court TV is holding a fantasy trial of Osama bin Laden, you know? They got the idea a couple of years ago when Los Angeles held a fantasy trial of O.J. Simpson.News from Afghanistan: The Taliban is really, really starting to feel the pinch now. They announced earlier today that they were canceling their Christmas party. They just dont feel in the mood.Yesterday the fighting was in Kandahar. Now, today will be a travel day, then its back to Kunduz for two more battles.Have you been following Osama bin Laden? Fascinating, fascinating guy. He lives in a.what is called like a grim, multileveled underground structure. Its like mall parking.But this is what I dont understand about this guy. This is the single biggest manhunt in the history of the world. A couple of weeks ago, people see Osama bin Laden having dinner in a restaurant. Hes like at the Red Lobster or something. And hes there, hes out there with his buddies, so Osama bin Laden is in a restaurant having dinner with his buddies. And you thought it was dangerous going to a restaurant with Robert Blake.Taliban leader Mullah Omar is on the run in Afghanistan with a handful of his bodyguards-- have you heard about this-- theyre making a movie about this, its called Omars 11.They say now that Mullah Omar is living out of his car. You know things are not going well for the Jihad when your supreme leader is living in his Toyota. Thats a bad sign.They got this California guy, have you heard about this, fighting for the Taliban? Its just unbelievable. They capture the guy, and now apparently hes very depressed because he had his heart set on a career as a suicide bomber.He moved from California to Afghanistan. I want to tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, that is the worst decision since I decided to leave NBC and come to CBS.This Osama bin Laden now, they say hes had plastic surgery. They say he sneaked across the border into Pakistan and had plastic surgery, which by the way is the place to go for plastic surgery. . And he looks great. He looks fantastic. Now, a tourist came up to him earlier this week and said, Could I have your autograph, Mr. Hasselhoff?The leader of the Taliban, Mullah Mohammed Omar is living in a Toyota.The supreme leader of the Taliban, and hes living a Toyota. But he believes when he dies he will get a Lincoln town car.You can tell its Mullah Mohammed Omars Toyota because he has a bumper sticker that reads, I would rather be jihading.And Osama bin Laden, boy what a strange bird this guy is. They now think that he sneaked to Pakistan to get a facelift. Same place Faye Dunaway goes.But Osama bin Laden wasnt too happy. He had to go at night to get his facelift in Pakistan, and when you go to Pakistan at night you get an American doctor. He wasnt very happy.Now there are reports that Osama bin Laden would like to commit suicide on television. Ill tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, this is the kind of lead in I have been praying forever since I came to CBS.Osama bin Laden is planning a televised suicide, or as I call it, hosting the Academy Awards.They say that Osama bin Laden is no longer able to communicate with his agents. Ladies and gentlemen, I have had the same problem for 20 years. I have had the same damn problem.Osama bin Laden, who is a good looking guy to begin with.he goes over to Pakistan to have some plastic surgery. He has a full face-lift. And as a matter of fact this spring he will be hosting a pre-Oscar show with his daughter, Melissa bin Laden.You know the plastic surgery has improved bin Ladens looks. Hes unbelievably attractive now. Last night, hes so good looking, he actually went out and got bin Laden.Top Ten Excuses Of The American Taliban Guy: 10. Terrorist training camps looked a lot nicer in the brochure. 9. I didnt join the Taliban, I was interning for the Taliban. 8. I lost a Super Bowl bet. 7. Dazzled by the Taliban commercials that aired during one of Kathie Lees Ramadan specials. 6. What kid doesnt grow up dreaming of being the next Mullah Omar? 5. Al Qaeda? Oh man, I thought I was fighting for Ralph Nader. 4. Since when is fighting against your country with an evil terrorist regime considered treason? 3. Got tired of wearing clean clothes and not getting shot at. 2. Like youve never joined an international terrorist ring. 1. Oh, I thought this was a paintball game.Were all very excited, very proud, right here on CBS night, two- hour holiday show right here Sunday night. Its Garth Brooks live from Tora Bora, so if you cant... Make a note of that.Did you folks see the Osama bin Laden videotape that they released? Its unbelievable, isnt it? Its crazy and very incriminating. If you watch the tape, if you see the whole thing, in watching the tape, you realize that hes plotting to knock off three Las Vegas casinos. Crazy.The tape is in a restaurant and its I guess a popular chain restaurant in Afghanistan, thank Allah its Friday.But its Osama bin Laden, the greatest man in the history of the world, and Osama bin Ladens in a restaurant with his buddies. Well, you cant blame him, get out of the cave every now and then, you know? You cant be locked up.But they say now that Osama bin Laden slipped into Pakistan and had plastic surgery. In fact, he is using his old nose as a two-car garage. Its true. After the surgery, Osama looks so great, whenever hes out walking around, people scream, Hey, hey, we loved you on American Bandstand, he looks so great.But apparently bin Ladens mother says that she is not angry with her son, just deeply disappointed... No, wait a minute. Thats what my mom says. Forget that.The Northern Alliance, they have captured the Mullah Omars palace in Kandahar. Have you heard about this? Its a crazy place. Pink tiled bathroom where the guy lived, crystal chandeliers, gold faucets, marble tile and of course his mission in life was to destroy American decadence. That was his mission in life. It makes a lot of sense.Today is the day I ordered my gift for Mom. Im fearful that I made a mistake. . I wanted to get her one of those weed whackers, but I think I got the number wrong. I may have sent her a daisy cutter.Fighting continues in Tora Bora. Earlier today, a giant bomb knocked the big plastic Santa off of Osamas cave.Osama bin Laden is still at large. But the good news is Wynona Ryder is in custody.Did you see the Osama bin Laden dinner party tape? . Hes having dinner with a legless sheik. We cant even catch that guy.They say that Osama bin Laden sneaked over to Pakistan for plastic surgery. . Now, hes passing himself of as Jeff Goldblum.On Friday, they heard Osama bin Laden on the radio. Apparently he has a radio show. Heres how it works. Every morning he is on the radio and he tries to talk hot chicks into taking off their burkhas.The Northern Alliance now saying they know exactly where Mullah Mohammed Omar is, and what that means, of course, is they have no idea where he is.According to reports, Mullah Mohammed Omar has retreated to a mountain cave near Bagram and is ready to fight to the death. If youre keeping score, this is the fourth different location where Mullah Mohammed Omar has announced hell be fighting to the death.The US announced that for the holidays, they will be dropping 46,000 pounds of cake in Afghanistan. In a related story, Al Roker has joined the Northern Alliance.But the big news is Osama bin Laden has shaved his beard. No longer has a beard. Hes passing himself off as Alex Trebek.President Bush is formally pulled out of 1972 Antiballistic Missile Treaty. I believe this is the biggest thing a US president has pulled out of since...well, um, I think...I think since Monica.Top Ten Osama Bin Laden Complaints: 1. What the hell do I have to do to get on Oprah?Were sending more American troops to Afghanistan to seal up the border over there. What? Could we try that here?Three months, 12,000 pounds of bombs, billions and billions of dollars, and the highest ranking enemy we have captured so far is an American. Does that seem about right?I dont know if you heard this but they say now Osama bin Laden and his buddy Mullah Omar have left Afghanistan disguised as women. They are dressed up as women and they went across the Pakistan border. They are going make a movie about it, and I think the title will be Some Like it Jihad!But were pretty sure bin Laden has been disguised as a woman. And twice he has been mistaken for Janet Reno.The American Taliban fighter John Walker says the uprising in the P.O.W. camp was a mistake. Thats what he was saying. No, John, the mistake was getting drunk and signing up with the Taliban in the first place. That was the mistake.Listen to this: They found one of Mullah Mohammed Omars vacant caves and in the cave there were about a half a dozen videotapes, and some of them were overdue by about a week. Bastard!Osama bin Laden now is so scared hes turning around, shaved his beard and dressed up like a woman. They think maybe he got himself into Pakistan trying to pass himself off as Sigourney Weaver.You guys get snowed on coming in here today? It snowed here. I tell you, you can tell New York City is still a little jumpy. New Yorkers saw the white powder everywhere, and they...everybody started taking Cipro.Congratulations to Mayor Mike Bloomberg, new Mayor of New York City. Hes been in office about a week. He announced that he would like to cut pay for both the New York City Police Department and the New York City Fire Department. Im telling you, ladies and gentlemen, this guy is a public relations genius, isnt he?News from Afghanistan. Theyre taking those Taliban POWs and theyre going to put them in a prisoner camp in Cuba. We really know how to punish these terrorists, dont we? Make them spend the winter in the Caribbean.They think now that Mullah Omar took a hike on a motorcycle. . So we have a one-eyed Mullah on a Harley Davidson, and we cant even find this guy.The Pentagon thinks that Osama bin Laden is probably still alive. This guy has survived more bombs than CBS.Heres some sad news. You probably heard about this over the weekend. President Clintons dog Buddy, yeah, hes dead. . Its a heartbreaking thing because Buddy was a great dog. Buddy could roll over, Buddy would beg, buddy could catch things in his mouth and...wait a minute. No, no, no. Im sorry. Im thinking of Monica.In New York, winter is really here. Yesterday it snowed in New York, and today all over the city people are putting on their exploding Firestone snow tires.News from Afghanistan, the US Army is relocating Taliban POWs to Cuba, and if that doesnt teach them a lesson, Hawaii. Theyre not kidding around.Its freezing cold here in New York City and the POWs are down there putting sun block on in the Caribbean.They are saying now that Mullah Mohammed Omar stuffed $5 million in a bag and then drove off -- escaped in a Toyota Land Cruiser. And I was thinking, that sound like my last vacation. Same thing.And apparently, Mullah Mohammed Omar and Osama bin Laden have escaped together on motorcycles and going to make a movie about it called Easy Qaeda.Top Ten Signs Your Neighbor Is Hiding Mullah Mohammed Omar:The audience we had last night, boy, were they nasty. What an ugly group. And I hate talking about people when theyre not here but.halfway during the show, they were negotiating for my surrender. Awful.The Pentagon has confirmed American forces have killed two Al Qaeda big shots over there in Afghanistan. Abu Jafar was the chief logistics coordinator, and Abut Hafs, who was the head of customer service. They are both gone. They have been taken out.The American troops going through all of those caves over there, and its unbelievable. They found fax machines. They found copiers. They found computers. There was so much loot in these caves, its looked like Winona Riders place.New York City police are being sent to Afghanistan to interrogate Al Qaeda prisoners. And if that doesnt work, theyre going to send the hockey dad [Thomas Junta].Now theyre taking the Taliban prisoners and theyre going to send them down to Cuba and put them this prison down there. And the trip is so long that, the trip is so long the Taliban prisoners will be sedated. Thats not much of a punishment is it -- drugs and a trip to the Caribbean?The government in Afghanistan now, this is on the level, and God bless them theyre doing everything they can to stimulate the economy. Theyre encouraging tourism to Afghanistan now. Dont laugh. Im going. Im going. I got reservations at the Trump Tora Bora.Monica Lewinsky -- how about this -- has her own talk show on HBO. Thats right. She will be conducting all of the interviews under the desk.Just before I came out here, I heard George W. Bush talking about his new security plan for commercial aviation in this country. Beginning tomorrow, every commercial flight in this country will have a hockey dad onboard.Have you heard about this Viagra for seniors? . This stuff is like Super Viagra, and apparently it will last for, like, a weekend. And Im thinking, oh, my God, poor Elizabeth Dole.News from Afghanistan: Osama bin Laden has apparently selected a successor, a guy to follow him, you know, in case things go haywire for him, take his place. Hes a 30-year-old one-eyed man. And a lot of experts are disappointed. They were hoping he would pick a woman.But the hunt for Osama bin Laden is really heating up now. Theyve brought in those three private eyes that Michael Jordans wife hired.Apparently now for the last six or seven years, Michael Jordan has had like a half a dozen girlfriends while hes married. And Im thinking to myself, well good God, forget the NBA, this guy is presidential material.Ive had a check-up and my heart is running as smoothly as an Enron document shredder.Just about now, a military tribunal is convicting a pretzel.Yesterday in the White House, President George W. Bush was watching a football game and eating pretzels. He got it wedged in his throat or something and the poor guy blacked out and hit the ground. He was out for like four seconds. Fortunately, it was the four seconds that Dick Cheney was conscious yesterday.Everybody is making jokes about President Bush choking on a pretzel, but I want to say something in his defense. It was one of those twisty kind.Today, Homeland Security Chief Tom Ridge issued and all-points- bulletin for Mr. Salty.This is no laughing matter, Bush had a cut on his forehead and his cheek was bruised. And this President isnt even married to Hillary.This, of course, is not the first choking episode at the White House. The last time, the President actually got caught in someone elses throat.Ill tell you, coming to work today, I saw one of those only in New York scenes. It can only happen in New York City. A rat who had passed out...after he swallowed a pretzel.Earlier on CBS they debuted a brand-new television series called First Monday, how many of you had a chance to see First Monday? . Its all about the behind the scenes action and excitement of the Supreme Court. Hang on to your hats. The first episode tonight, they decided the next presidential election by flipping a coin.They moved the Taliban, some of the Taliban prisoners now in Cuba, and listen to this. They get a bath towel...the prisoners get shampoo, toothpaste. And Cubans down there are going to Fidel Castro saying, Wait a minute, why cant we get this stuff?I heard this before I came out here to do the show, Enron CEO Kenneth Lay apparently just slipped over the border into Pakistan.Earlier today, Bushs Cabinet told him that they had nothing do with helping Enron, and Bush had trouble swallowing that as well.An awful thing about Bush and the pretzel, you know thats no laughing matter. And they did a background check on the pretzel...and found out at one time he went to Germany on a secret trip and traveled to Iraq.You know, the same thing happened to Ted Kennedy one time. He got beer nuts lodged into his throat...and passed out on a waitress at Hooters.Boy, we had trouble with the audience last night. I told a joke and it triggered their vagus nerve and everybody fainted.People always come up to me and they say the same thing. They say, Why do you do this night after night after night? Ill be honest with you. In all honesty, I dont want to do this night after night after night. I have to do this night after night. My accountant is Arthur Andersen.Have you been following the big Enron scandal? According to the insiders, Enron CEO Kenneth Lay has sold all of his stock. In fact, the only thing the he owns now is the Bush Administration.They moved the Taliban prisoners to Cuba and all the Taliban prisoners in Cuba, they got soap, they got a towel, a lovely shampoo and conditioner all in one. Im thinking, we should try that on the subway.You know, the American Taliban guy, John Walker. They say now that he actually met Osama bin Laden and got a personal thank you from Osama bin Laden for participating in jihad. And John Walker also received the staff jacket and a bottle of champagne from Osama bin Laden.President Bush has recovered from the pretzel choking episode. Im telling you, I never thought I would hear the phrase White House and gag reflex in the same sentence again.Have you seen pictures of President Bush after he hit the deck when the pretzel caused him to go down that like. Hes got that big red thing. It turns out its rug burn he got rug burn on his face. A rug burn. Didnt Monica get those on her knees?Top Ten Past Headlines Involving Presidents And Snack Foods. 10. Jimmy Carter declares lust in my heart for milk duds. 9. LBJ east PB&J. 8. Reagan denies alleged Arms for Cheez-its deal. 7. FDR tells Congress: The only thing we have to fear is running out of Cool Ranch Doritos. 6. Lincoln goes to theater - eats popcorn, gets shot. 5. JFK vows to put Pringle on moon within 10 years. 4. Roosevelt says: Speak softly and carry a bid Slim Jim. 3. Ford appoints commission to determine how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop. 2. Nixon: I am not a crook, but I am a Pepper. 1. Donut eats Truman!Im sorry Im a little late coming out. I have been upstairs in my office all day shredding financial documents.Well the manhunt continues for the elusive evil mastermind, but Im telling you, Enron CEO Kenneth Lay is still at large.You know whats going on down in Cuba? They took the Taliban prisoners out of Afghanistan and flew them down to Cuba, and now theyre down there. And each Taliban prisoner, to sleep on, they have a foam rubber mat and a bucket. You think about that. A foam rubber mat and bucket. In New York City, that would cost you $2,000 a month.I have to wonder, how tough is this prison? I mean, youre lying around on a foam rubber mat in the Caribbean all day. I mean, how bad is that?Did you hear about this one, one of Osama bin Ladens relatives started his own clothing line? Its a line of fashion wear. I believe its Osama bin Ladens brother, Tommy bin Laden.How many of you heard about the Monica Lewinsky show on HBO? I have not seen it yet, but I heard its getting very good word of mouth.Just before I came out here, I heard George W. Bush talking about his new security plan for commercial aviation in this country. Beginning tomorrow, every commercial flight in this country will have a hockey dad onboard.President Bush has a big weekend planned. Hes going to stay in the White House and watch television, just like he did last weekend. Hell be just like Cheney, hell be hooked up to an IV the whole time.But hes going to watch football on television, and he said this weekend, instead of pretzels, itll be soup. So I think we can all breathe a sigh of relief there.They had kind of a development in the Enron case. They found some missing documents, and the people got very excited and very nervous. But it turned out the documents were just Al Gore ballots from Florida about a year ago.Former presidents have their presidential libraries, and I believe sometime this week they broke ground down in Little Rock for the President Clinton library. And it has this distinction. So far, its the first presidential library with an adult section.News from Afghanistan: Osama bin Laden has apparently selected a successor, a guy to follow him, you know, in case things go haywire for him, take his place. Hes a 30-year-old one-eyed man. And a lot of experts are disappointed. They were hoping he would pick a woman.But the hunt for Osama bin Laden is really heating up now. Theyve brought in those three private eyes that Michael Jordans wife hired.Apparently now for the last six or seven years, Michael Jordan has had like a half a dozen girlfriends while hes married. And Im thinking to myself, well good God, forget the NBA, this guy is presidential material.Were finding out more about these folks down there in Texas, the Enron people. They were having sex in the office. Sex in the office and theyre shredding documents, and keep one thing in mind, these are Republicans.And they got this John Walker, the American Taliban guy whos going to go on trial now. And its interesting, he said that when he was this Afghanistan, he told folks over there was his goal was to have four wives. Ladies and gentlemen, do we need any further proof that this guys out of his mind?Four wives, thats how Al Qaeda gets you to become a suicide bomber.Today is Dick Cheneys 61st birthday. Please, no surprise parties.How many of you saw the George Bush State of the Union speech last night? Pretty good speech, rousing, inspirational, and I liked it at the end when he pardoned his niece.His niece, his brothers daughter was arrested in Florida for prescription fraud. Thats interesting. In Florida, fraudulent prescriptions, theyre illegal, but fraudulent elections, theyre OK.I got out my CBS contract, and...Im looking over my contract. This is interesting. Technically Im not an employee. Im a detainee.There is a new Osama bin Laden videotape. Did you hear about the new tape? In this one hes calling for the Patriots to rise up and defeat the heavily favored Rams.This is the first day of the World Economic Forum being held right here in New York City for three days, the greatest financial minds in the world are here in New York City and theyll spend those three days trying to figure out why a cab ride from JFK to Manhattan costs $75.And down there in Washington at the White House, theyre getting ready for the Super Bowl. The Secret Service spent all day mashing George Bushs pretzels.Dick Cheney will be watching the Super Bowl from an undisclosed sports bar.Speaking of Presidents, according to reports now, Bush can bench- press 180 pounds. Thats nice to know that hes in that kind of shape, isnt it? Or as President Clinton refers to it, thats half an intern.Im furious. Not only did the Patriots win, they are holding the Rams as detainees.You know whats nice about the Super Bowl, the exciting commercials. You like watching the commercials, its fun, isnt it? My favorite one was the Were the axis of evil spot produced by Iran, Iraq and North Korea, did you like that?But during the game, how about that powerful anti-drug commercial? Paid for by the US government, you know what Im talking about, very powerful anti-drug message by the US government. It ran right between the 7th and 8th Budweiser commercial.President Bush got through the Super Bowl without event. The Secret Service had pre-chewed his pretzels.At the start of the game, President Bushs father actually participated in the flip of the coin, you know? Thats how they decided his sons election.You folks been following the big Enron story? I dont know I guess its me. Im spoiled, I just cant get excited about a Washington scandal that doesnt have sex in it.Heres the thing about Enron, and keep this in the back of your mind in the future. Enron, turns out, it was just a bunch of shell companies and corporations with phony profits, a bunch of shyster lawyers, and crooked accountants. Wait a minute, thats CBS.Theres another one of those American Taliban guys. Remember John Walker. Theres another one. This time the guy is from New Jersey. Its a kid from New Jersey goes to Afghanistan and joins the Taliban. Im thinking, why doesnt this kid just join the mob like everybody else in New Jersey?You know who is in town today in New York City? George W. Bush, our President of the US. Its a fundraiser and you have to give him credit they are being very creative with their fundraising. For $10,000 you can give George W. the Heimlich maneuver.The CIA is now saying a drone rocket may have killed Osama bin Laden way up in the mountains. I just heard that. Thats what the CIA is saying. Let me translate for you. What theyre saying actually is hes still alive and they have no idea where the hell he is.They say a missile hit during a high level meeting in a cave. How high level a meeting could this be if theyre having it in a cave, for Gods sakes?There are rumors that former Enron CEO Kenneth Lay is missing and Im thinking, has somebody checked Dick Cheneys pockets?When you go to Salt Lake City, the Olympic committee is handing out condoms. . Everybody visiting the Olympics, heres what you get: Youll receive free condoms, lip balm and hand warmers. Thats right. Coincidentally thats what Clinton used to give the new interns.But the Olympic Committee has said that Afghanistan cannot fly their new flag. They cant fly their new flag, and also, they cannot use their Taliboggin.My favorite event, of course, is the four-man jihad.The favorite to win a gold medal in womens figure skating is the young Russian girl, Arina Slutskia. Honestly, that the young girls name, Slutskia. And in Russian it means intern.President Bush was watching the Olympics all weekend, and his wife was feeding him pretzels straight from the blender.You folks enjoying the big Enron scandal? I thought this was kind of the interesting, you see this a lot. Whenever theres trouble, people go right to church. And over the weekend, former CEO of Enron Kenneth Lay shows up in church. And church officials are still looking for the collection plate.Today is Abe Lincolns birthday. President Clinton celebrated the same way he always does. He went to the theater and took a shot at a woman in the balcony.Everybody is watching the Olympics. Its fun, isnt it? The Olympics, like Monday night, 30 million people watched the Olympics from Salt Lake City. The only people not watching the Olympics are the figure skating judges.Former Enron CEO Kenneth Lay testified before Congress, I think it was yesterday as a matter of fact. I believe he is the first Lay to be subpoenaed since...since Monica, I think.The Westminster Kennel club big dog show finished up last night, and more controversy, more trouble, heres what happened. An Afghan hound was disqualified because of its ties to the Taliban.On Valentines Day, everybody is in a good mood with the Valentines Day spirit. Today in Washington, DC, Kenneth Lay, former Enron executive CEO, invoked the Fifth Amendment of love.By the way, if you still dont have a date for Valentines Day, call that French Olympic skating judge, because apparently she can be pressured into screwing anybody.Hey, you know what it is, its Presidents Day. Today is Presidents Day, or as Al Gore calls it.President Bush is in Japan, are you aware of the fact that hes out of the country? Hes in Japan, got off the plane and immediately choked on a wonton.I know if youre just visiting, you may not notice, but be careful. We have a dangerous drought situation. Earlier today, the Mayor of New York urged New Yorkers to urinate on the dry grass.I heard today, from now on, all figure skating scores will be authenticated by Arthur Andersen.Here now is the new system for judging figure skating. They will be judged, contestants judged, how they move, the difficulty of the move, and, of course the execution. Its the same system Clinton used to judge interns.Mike Tyson, you all remember Mike Tyson, dont you? Crazy Mike. He has been granted a license to fight in Washington, DC, so, hes going to fight. Theres going to be a fight down there in Washington, DC. And I was thinking about this earlier, I dont think Washington has had a legitimate heavyweight since...well, I guess...since Monica, I guess.President George Bush is in China, and he had a meeting with Jiang Zemin, the premier over there. It was interesting. Theyre negotiating a lot of very, very sensitive, very delicate issues, and George Bush said, Okay, we will stop bothering you about human rights. We said that to Jiang Zemin -- and he promised that the Chinese would develop a leak- proof takeout container.And you got to feel sorry for the President. This is one embarrassment after another. They had the big state banquet there with Jiang Zemin. After dinner, he gets a fortune cookie, the President does, he opens it up and theres another ballot for Al Gore.At the Olympics, now they have these events where everybody goes downhill on this ice track. They have like the bobsled, they have the luge, and now they brought back the skeleton. And theyre fairly similar, theyre quite similar. They use the same track. In the one, you go down on your back. The other one, you go down on your stomach. And then I think the third one, you go down sitting up. Now, I dont have a punchline for this, but if I did...it would include the name Clinton.But hey, listen, dont kid yourself. Its very dangerous of the figure skating is dangerous. Theres a high risk of chin, head and knee injuries to figure skaters. Chin, head and knee injuries, you know? Its just like being a Clinton intern.Wasnt the weather great this weekend in New York City? . It was so beautiful that Mayor Bloomberg actually spent the weekend here.Michael Bloomberg is our brand new mayor here in New York City and every weekend he gets on his private jet and goes off to some mysterious location. And its that common touch that endears him to the average New Yorker.I think [Bloomberg] is secretly the mayor of another city.Earlier tonight, Larry King interviewed Gary Condit. Remember Gary Condit? Listen to this: Larry King is missing.Gary Condit told Larry King after taking six months off, he is ready to avoid questions again. Hes ready to go.I guess its a reelection thing. Last night he was on Larry King Live, tonight hes on Jiminy Glick.Survivor IV tonight premiered here on CBS. They take people to exotic locations and they...no, wait, those are the Taliban prisoners.Earlier tonight, Monica Lewinsky was on Larry King Live. Monica really likes Larry King. Actually, she likes any guy with a desk.Its Friday night. Do you know where your mayor is? You know, whats happened is Mayor Bloomberg, the mayor of New York City.he didnt say anything about this during the campaign, but every weekend he jets off to a mysterious location, just gone. Its like Batman, nobody knows where the guy goes on the weekends. 5:00 Friday, adios. And people are criticizing him for leaving the city on the weekends, but in his defense, Michael Bloomberg loves New York. As a matter of fact, he considers it his second home. So what do you want from the guy?Heres the usual mix of contestants on Survivor. You have a bartender, you have a school teacher and an escaped Taliban leader. Theyre all there.Its tomorrow night. On Fox, its Tanya Harding, do you remember her? Shes the one who beat up Nancy Kerrigan to...or she hired a guy. I dont know what happened there. And Paula Jones, do you remember Paula Jones. These two women are in a boxing match. They are going to fight on Fox. Its all part of a brand new Fox series called When Hos Attack.Everybody loves St. Patricks day. Up in Chappaqua, President Clinton celebrated St. Patricks day the same way he does every year, he got an intern to chase the snake out of his pants.Relatives of Osama bin Laden say the guy is still alive. Still alive apparently after all this time. Hes still alive. Not only is he still alive. Here is what hes done. Hes turned down a big offer from ABC to stay in Afghanistan.How many of you remember Vice President Al Gore? How many of you? Going back now? He had a beard, Al got really tubby and he had a big beard. He shaved off his beard and here is why. Ill tell you why he got tired of people coming up to him and saying, What are you doing for Passover, Rabbi. So he just took it off.Political experts feel he would be the best Democratic candidate to beat George Bush in 2004. There are three reasons. Number one he has the experience, two he has the intelligence and three, he has already beaten Bush.Well, Vice President Dick Cheney is back from the Middle East. Quite a trip. 11 nations, three heart attacks.One disappointment, he did not meet with PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat. On the other hand, I heard he was able to have lunch with Yonni.Al Gore, get ready. It looks like hes going to make another run at it. He got fat. He got huge. Poor guy ballooned, and then trying to disguise the weight, I guess he grew a beard, call a little less attention to himself.But now, he shaved the beard because he thinks it will help him have political success. And Im thinking, well, it could be, because its working for Janet Reno.Last week, George Bush.was in El Salvador. And George W. Bush was proud to point out that El Salvador means the Salvador. Homeland Security Chief Tom Ridge has issued another alert. This Sunday, Americans should be on the lookout for brightly colored, hidden eggs. So we very careful.Here is the thing we forget about the Academy Awards, its not just for us here. They are seen around the world. And for the first time in ten years, they were televised to Afghanistan. And people, they had their televisions sets had been buried for like a decade. As soon as the Academy Awards showed up, they buried them again.Relatives of Osama bin Laden, theres a good gig. Relatives say that hes still alive and Im thinking, Seriously, honestly how much does your family know about it? For example, my mom still thinks Im at NBC.How many of you have been enjoying the new comedy on CBS, Baby Bob, all about the talking baby? Fantastic. They have a special Passover episode of Baby Bob tonight. In tonights show, Baby Bob talks his way out of a briss. Thats an exciting show. And then next week on Baby Bob, it turns out Baby Bobs DNA matches President Clintons DNA, and thats a whole different deal.Theres a newspaper in London that received an email from Osama bin Laden. Thats odd, isnt it? You can tell when you have an email from Osama bin Laden, because you turn on the computer, and the voice says, Youve got jihad.Even up in Chappaqua, President Clinton has been affected by the drought. And earlier today, he was going door to door trying to organize a group shower.And then on Monday, they have the annual Easter egg hunt on the lawn of the White House, and this year theyre doing a little something different. Theyre hiding the Easter eggs under an unconscious Dick Cheney.Are you psyched about the final four? Its great. I love it. There is nothing better than college basketball. I mean, they start out with 65 squads, and now theyre down to four. You know, sort of like the Taliban.They had the big annual White House Easter egg hunt on the lawn of the White House earlier today down there in Washington. What an embarrassing, what a black eye -- my God! One of the kids, hes out hunting the Easter eggs and it couldnt be more embarrassing. What he finds is the notes from an Enron meeting with Dick Cheney.Heres news from Afghanistan. Were still hunting down those Al Qaeda guys, and the US military has captured the Al Qaeda chief recruiter. Isnt that amazing, these guys had a recruiter, the Al Qaeda. But this guy turns out, he was like a genius, hes the guy who came up with the slogan, Were Looking For a Few Good Lunatics.Bill Clinton had his dog Buddy, and they were very close friends, and then sadly a couple months ago Buddy died. Bill Clinton got a new dog, he has a brand new dog, and I think what it was is, he just missed getting licked under the table.Here is good news from Afghanistan, the US has captured Al Qaedas second in command, this guy is Abu Zubaydah. They captured number two in command. He was their travel coordinator. This is the guy that would arrange all the flights to Daytona Beach for Spring Jihad.You remember the American Taliban guy, that John Walker, the guy in there northern California fighting with the Taliban? In his defense, he is claiming when he was arrested he was stripped naked, was bound, he was gagged and he was tide up on a stretcher and left... wait a minute, no thats what happened to me during my negotiations with CBS.Former President Clinton, he had a dog, his dog Buddy, and sadly a couple months ago poor Buddy died and President Clinton has gotten himself a brand new dog. I think its changing his life. Hes teaching the dog to sit up, beg, rollover, just like he did with the interns.You probably read this in the newspaper or head it on the news. There was a recent poll about behavior in this country. Its stunning. 79% of the people in the poll thought Americans, you me, all of us, extremely rude. The other 21% told the poll taker to take the clipboard and shove it up his ass.Yeah, I think its true. Americans are rude, and really all you have to do is take a look at the evening news to see how nicely behaved everybody else in the world is.Here is good news, Louis Farrakhan has announced he is going to the Middle East to try and straighten things out over there. The only surprising thing about this: He did not make the announcement on April Fools day.Here is some interesting news, more evidence that the ice shelf in the South Pole is breaking up after 50 million years. The ice shelf is breaking up after 50 million years. The Clintons are staying together, but the ice shelf is breaking up. Go figure that out.How many of you remember President Clinton? Remember him? Hes no longer President, and that means you can go out and do stuff and boy, is he ever out doing stuff. He goes out and gives lectures, and speeches, and he has important lunches, he has his office uptown on 125th Street doing a lot of paperwork and stuff. People know hes available and a game show producer in Italy contacted him and said we would like you to host a game show in Italy. So, you folks go ahead and make up your own joke using the phrase, Come on down.How many of you knew there was a drought here in New York City? Be very careful. Its been so dry the last couple of months, people are now starting to see mirages, you know, like in the desert, things like hallucinations appear on the horizon. And because of the drought, and it happened to me, I swear...I swear for a second, I thought I saw Mayor Bloomberg, honest to God.Mr. Rogers went to the White House and it was very nice. He spent the day at the White House, and he took four new big words to the President, so that was, I think, helpful.Heres really good news out of Afghanistan. Theyve captured the second in command of Al Qaeda, this guy, Abu Zubaydah, like, hes like... Yeah, this is excellent news. He was...turns out this guy was the travel agent for Al Qaeda. And they got him. The Pentagon says their next target will be Al Qaedas party planner.You know these dreadful suicide bombings that have been going on? It turns out now that Saddam Hussein is paying these people. Hes giving these people money to blow themselves up. Isnt that nuts? Isnt that just bizarre? More bizarre than that, recently he increased their salary. Hes giving them a raise. It makes no sense. The increase now for a suicide bomber, the increase in salary is $10,000 to $25,000. Thats a pretty good jump, you know? And I was thinking about that. An increase of salary for a suicide mission, coincidentally, thats the deal I signed up with CBS for.You spring forward and you fall back. You change it in the spring, you spring forward. In the fall, you fall back. Spring forward, fall back. Same as our Mideast policy. Its the same thing.Heres good news. Were continuing to make progress busting up Al Qaeda. The United States forces captured the second in command of Al Qaeda, Abu Zubaydar. He was, like, their number two guy and if the name Zubaydar rinse rings a bell, at one time in your life, you probably copied it down to file a complaint with the taxi commission here in New York.How about that Osama bin Laden, is this guy odd? Isnt he just weird? Isnt he just a wild combination of peculiar things this guy? US forces now in Afghanistan found what they believe is a book of Osama bin Laden poetry. In addition to everything else, hes a poet. And Im thinking Whoa, this is bad luck for Osama, because Im sure he was hoping to have his book selected for Oprahs book club.This Mayor Bloomberg, I want to tell you...I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. Now theres a controversy where he said that he smoked marijuana and enjoyed it. Smoked marijuana and enjoyed it. I wonder if this has anything to do with him leaving town every weekend?The Mayor said he wont be bothered by this controversy about the drugs and he says hes going to continue to work as hard as he can to get Phish back together.How many of you remember President Clinton? Now that hes no longer President he can do whatever he wants, like it stopped him before. So right now hes traveling through France on a lecture tour and hes in Paris, and across the street theres a woman on a hotel balcony and she flashes him. He was so startled he nearly dropped the camcorder.US Attorney General John Ashcroft is on the program. John Ashcroft. Now, this is one of those things, this is a guy who is the top cop. Hes the highest law enforcement official in the US and he makes things safe and legal for everybody here. So Im thinking, I know nothing about this guys position and Im on the phone with him earlier and I asked him to get points off my license. That was a mistake.I have an announcement here, ladies and gentlemen, about tax time: get ready to pay your income tax or youre going to jail. They are not kidding around. If your accountant is Arthur Andersen, if Arthur Andersen is your accountant, today was the last day you can have your tax document shredded by April 15th.My God, theres a drought. Are you aware theres a drought going on? . Mayor Bloomberg started a brush fire accidentally. He flipped a joint out his window. So that was no good.Dairy farmers in Oregon have found out now, if they use water beds, their cows will perform better. Thats the strategy, they put the cows, the dairy cows on water beds and they are perform better. I said to myself, This thing rings a bell because I think...the last time somebody tried this strategy, cows on water beds, I believe it was the Clinton Administration.Today, today is Mayor Bloombergs 100th day in office for Mayor Bloomberg. Hes been in office 100 days and only been in the city ten days. But, hes doing a wonderful job.Mayor Bloomberg celebrated by getting stoned with his friend.Were all still reeling from the announcement Oprah Winfrey shut down her book club. Oprah said she just got tired of reading, so thats it. On the other hand, President Clinton said he would be continuing with his mile high club.Top Ten Good Things About Being Stationed In Kandahar:All the fabulous new goat recipesIve gotten the autographs of over a dozen MullahsYou dont really have time to dwell on that figure skating controversyAll-you-can-eat sandDid you say Kandahar? They told me this was CanadaArent many better ways of getting out of jury dutyTheres a great duty-free shop in whats left of the Kandahar airportI havent seen The Late Show in six monthsOf all the stan countries, this is the place to beIll tell you how beautiful it was in New York City over the weekend -- Mayor Bloomberg actually stayed here.Today is Earth Day, ladies and gentlemen, thats right, Earth Day. Or, as the Bush Administration calls it.I thought this was a nice touch, though. To celebrate Earth Day in New York City, Mayor Bloomberg went out today and planted some weed.Yesterday of course was Earth Day, and President Bush was up in the Adirondack Mountains talking about Earth Day and he was showing people how to use and ax. As a matter of fact, its the same ax he is going to use on Social Security.Did you hear about this, Vice President Cheney apparently injured his heel. He got a heel injury. They took him to the hospital. This poor guy has no luck, out of habit they gave him a bypass.Cheney apparently.was injured when he banged his heel against a desk. I believe this is the first thing thats been banged on a desk in the White House since...what is the point?Top 10 Other Ways Dick Cheney Could Have Injured His Foot: 10. His foot had a heart attack. 9. Kicked toaster out of frustration when it wasnt cooking his ham and cheese Hot Pocket quickly enough. 8. Leg wrestling with Condoleeza Rice. 7. Went for a goofy-foot 360 and ate it, dude. 6. Stepped on a pretzel that had been coughed up by the President. 5. Was stung by an Al Qaeda sleeper agent bee. 4. Practicing pop-and-rock routine from N Sync video that he bought from television. 3. Robert Blake did it. 2. Still kicking himself for taking the job. 1. Strom Thurmond drove over it with his rascal scooter.Well, you know the Pope called all the Cardinals to the Vatican. They had the big Vatican summit, and its now ended, and once again, Arafat was not invited.Karen Hughes, the woman who ran George W. Bushs Presidential campaign and has been presidential counselor is stepping down. Shes resigning, and I thought George W. Bush took it well. Today when he found out about it he went down to the Hallmark looking for a Sorry youre resignerating card.I heard this today and I thought well, this is interesting, it makes you wonder how many places this guy needs, President Clinton. How many of you remember President Clinton? Hes looking for wants to buy a condo here in Manhattan. And Im thinking just play to God he doesnt buy the place above you. You know what I mean?Just think about this...in the middle of the night you hear that 200 pound intern drop to her knees.Today is Take our Daughters to Work Day, how many of you know that? I think its a good idea, kind of an annual event. It started ten years ago by a quick thinking Ted Kennedy when he was seen leaving his office with an 18-year-old.Saudi Prince Abdullah is visiting George W. Bush down in Crawford, Texas, at the ranch, spending the weekend down there. After that like many Saudi Arabians, hell go to Florida and enroll in a flight school.Former President Clinton and his wife, the Senator, live up the road in Chappaqua not far from where you live. Bill decides he doesnt like living in the suburbs. . So a real estate agent has been showing him all over town, and I think they picked the perfect place -- a high rise on the Upper East Side. You may have heard of it, Hump Tower.I have an important announcement to make. Due to a scheduling mix- up, Mayor Bloomberg will actually be in the city this weekend, so...it doesnt happen much.You know, I guess everybody knows that Mayor Bloomberg smokes a lot of weed. He said he stopped because something happened earlier this week. He was smoking a joint while he was watching CBS. He thought he saw a talking baby. And he said, Thats it.But the Vatican is taking a tough new stand right now. Three strikes and youre transferred. So they are really cracking down.Happy birthday to Saddam Hussein, hes 65 years old today, Saddam Hussein. Hes the other Arab lunatic we cant kill.You know the deal, so often when you have a ruthless dictator like this, Saddam Hussein, it turns out that theyre nuts. And he believes, he believes that hes like a playwright, he wrote a big book called Zabiba and the King, and because hes the guy, you know, they turned it into like a Broadway show. Well, its not a Broadway show because its in Iraq, but, its called Zabiba and the King, its running now, you can go see it. Although I understand attendance is really dropped off since Nathan Lane left.Here in New York City in the Spring, everybody gets a little dose of that spring fever and even today it rained a bit, but still people had the spring. Mayor Bloomberg loves the Spring. Hes in such a good mood. Hes out in front of city hall today smoking a joint.How many of you remember President Clinton? He got himself a brand new puppy and I think thats great. What he does is he keeps little treats in his pocket, you know the same thing he used to do for the interns.Top 10 Ways Saddam Hussein Celebrated His 65th Birthday: 10. Played pin the electrode on the imprisoned dissident. 9. Passed out custom-made Happy Birthday berets. 8. 65 shots of Jager, dude. 7. Opened millions of identical Happy Birthday, Saddam cards from citizens forced to buy and mail them. 6. Got an ugly tie from his son-in-law, had him executed. 5. Pounded down one mother of a free omelet at Dennys. 4. Hired Sammy Hagar to perform I Cant Drive 65. 3. Blew out candles on his Fudgie the Goat cake. 2. Nice quiet dinner with his new wife, Liza Minnelli. 1. Reflected on being a year closer to spending eternity in Hell.You folks know Saddam Hussein, the crazy lunatic dictator in Iraq. A lot of times these guys when they are crazy they go across the board crazy. In addition to being a ruthless dictator, he has written several books and the most recent one, Zabiba and the King, they have turned into a musical play over there in Baghdad. And guess what? Its doing great business, and its so good they are bringing it to Broadway in the fall. Its actually coming to New York City. But they are changing the name. It will be called Thoroughly Modern Zabiba.Yasser Arafat was finally able to leave his compound, and what an emotional scene on the way out, high fiving all those suicide bombers. My God, what a scene that was.This is the best news Ive had in a long time. Bill Clinton, how many of you remember President Clinton? Well, hes getting his own TV show on NBC. How about that? Its go to be like a daily talk show. Im thinking this is great, he could be the first President ever to be impeached and canceled.And a fantastic sum of money, theyre going to pay the guy $50 million. $50 million! But thats not, if I know Clinton, hes to be getting a little something extra under the table.It looks like Bill Clinton now, CBS. You know they have the CBS Early Show right here with Bryant Gumbel. Bryant, something got up his nose and he decided to take a hike. So hes gone...so now CBS is scrambling. . They got to have a guy sitting in there every day, so theyve now offered that position to former President Bill Clinton. I want this to happen more than life itself. But you know, its a tough gig. You know, youve got to get up, like, 3:30, 4:00 to be on the air at 7:00 AM. Every morning and then people have said, this that wont a problem for Bill Clinton. He was always an early riser. Just ask the interns.Listen to what we had in New York City this weekend. We had a Cuba parade. We had an Israeli demonstration. And we had 30,000 bicycles. Ill tell you, its a good thing Mayor Bloomberg doesnt stay in town on the weekends.Ariel Sharon visited President Bush at the White House today. He had to sit through a tee ball double-header.President Bush is sending former President Clinton to East Timor to celebrate their independence, how many of you remember Bill Clinton? They are doing this because Timor is the only two-bit country left that doesnt want to destroy America.East Timor, its really, really far away. I dont know where, but somewhere, and its also very small. It really small. Hell, Clinton has dated interns that are bigger.Singer Deion Warwick is arrested at an airport, maybe Miami or something. She had eleven joints in her lipstick. Authorities are patting her down, shes got eleven joints, or as authorities refer to it, its a Bloomberg dozen.Former President Jimmy Carter is in Cuba. Thats right, hes meeting with Fidel Castro about human rights. And you know, Fidel Castro, hes the other bearded lunatic we cant get.You know, you may think you have a stressful job but listen to this. Since shes been Senator, Hillary Clinton, they say, has put on 30 pounds. As a matter of fact shes gotten so heavy, earlier today Bill hit on her.Heres how lovely it was today in New York City. I was walking down the street and I saw Dionne Warwick and Mayor Bloomberg sharing a joint.George W. Bush is in a little fundraising trouble. For $150 you can get a picture of George W. Bush in the telephone. Not to be out done, the Democrats are saying for $150 you can get a picture of Bill Clinton on an intern.Were learning as early as last August, the CIA warned President Bush CBS was developing a show about a talking baby. Did you hear that?An interesting story about Hillary Clinton, one of our Senators from the state of New York, how many of you remember her by the way? There was talk this week she was going to run for Vice President. ... Now Hillary is very busy denying she wants to be vice president. Doesnt it just make you feel good to have a Clinton denying something again, just fun, isnt it?But since Hillary has been our Senator -- listen to this you think you have a stressful job -- since she became a Senator shes gained 30 pounds. Just what Bill needs, more wife.Of course, he [Bill Clinton] always keeps in shape by working out on an intern.You hear about this over the weekend? They found another one of those Osama bin Laden videotapes, did you hear about this? The guy is just nuts, so you see Osama bin Laden, and its all his buddies, its Osama, Mullah Omar, its Jengo Fett, its Count Dooku.You know, the previous Osama bin Laden videotapes, one time it was him in a cave, theres the surprise, another time it was him like in a restaurant having lunch with his buddies, and this one is even stranger. Hes on a boat, Osama bin Laden is on a boat, and you see him on the boat and looks like hes having sex with Tommy Lee.This is sobering, maybe you heard this. For the past few days, Vice President Cheney has been saying its not a matter of if, but when, not a matter of if but when that President Bush George W. Bush will choke on another snack food.Even Bill Clinton has Star Wars fever. Last night up in Chappaqua, where he lives, he used The Force on an intern.Have you been reading and hearing about all of the new security alerts for New York City? Have you heard about all of this? Nothing to worry about. New York City Mayor, Mike Bloomberg said there is absolutely nothing to worry about. Everything here in New York City is fine. And he said this from his home on the Bahamas, so he.Im not worried about a thing.There was the controversial memo about possible terrorist activity that never got to George Bush, well they finally now found out what happened. Dick Cheney accidentally shredded it with some Enron papers, thats what happened.New York City is on one of those terror alert things. Heres what you do, if you see anything suspicious make a note of it and send it to Washington, and it should get to President Bush sometime within the next couple of years.Last night it was interesting. Dick Cheney, for a long time you couldnt find him, and now hes everywhere. Sunday he was on Meet the Press, and last night on Larry King Live. And Larry King, quite a show, they took turns having heart attacks.George Bush is in Europe, over there in Germany and the Germans have gone crazy, 100,000 are demonstrating because they dont like the US expanding the war. Heres the deal, Germans dont like a war they didnt start.Pretty interesting and kind of scary. 100,000 angry Germans demonstrating and then, then they did something very unusual. They stayed in Germany.Yesterday in Berlin President Bush stood at the spot where the Berlin Wall went down. And its interesting, because in the Oval Office frequently he stands in the spot where Monica did the same thing.Mayor Mike Bloomberg has left New York City for the long holiday weekend. Hell be back july 5. . Hes out of town. He aint coming back.Even President Clinton loves the big weekend barbecue for Memorial Day. How many of you remember President Bill Clinton? Every year its the same thing. This year up in Chappaqua, they have the big barbecue and heres what Clinton does, he gets out the oven mitts, he gets out the basting sauce, he gets out the A-1 sauce and then hes ready for sex.Monica Lewinsky, 29 years old today. Happy birthday to Monica Lewinsky. It just seems like only yesterday she was crawling around on all fours in the Oval Office.Apparently al Qaeda, you know, the terrorist network, the bad guys weve been chasing down the last 8 months, they say now there will be more terror attacks. Thats right, its a warning, say say there will be more terror attacks. And Im wondering, would somebody here like to go tell the FBI?Because its now summer down there in the White House, President Bush told one of the staff members to go turn on the A.C. and out of habit he electrocuted the guy.Looks like India and Pakistan are going to go to war, and both of them have nuclear weapons. But they have to launch them with catapults, so I dont know.Well, you know, its June, and for Al Qaeda that means its graduation time from flight school.Hollywood now is making a movie about the FBIs investigation into Al Qaeda, have you heard about this? Its fascinating. Theyre making a film about FBI and how they were investigating Al Qaeda. Its entitled, I believe, I have no idea what you did last summer.Heres good news, the CIA announced they plan to cooperate more openly with the FBI. They just havent told the FBI yet.If you think about it, the FBI and the CIA are very, very, very competitive. In the time of trouble, when theres signs of security problems, both agencies desperately want to be the one to drop the ball.But dont kid yourself, theres a lot of depressing news. The terrorist attacks, of course. Possible war between India and Pakistan. The stock market has gone crazy. Dont you wish you were President Bush, and didnt know about any of this? I mean, honestly.The FBI and the CIA are going to start cooperating. Theyre going to start working together. And if you dont know difference between the FBI and CIA, heres how it breaks down: The FBI bungles domestic crime. The CIA bungles foreign crime. Thats the difference there.Earlier today I received quite an honor. I have been asked to give the commencement address at a Florida flight school.New York City wants to be the home of the summer Olympics in 2012. Is that a good idea?But you know, this new Mayor Bloomberg, hes trying to put the best foot forward and make the city...and hes trying to fix everything up. But heres what hes doing now. Theyre getting all the rats and theyre brushing up.theyre brushing up their tails and theyre trying to pass them off as squirrels.The FBI busted up an Al Qaeda plot to bomb New York City, and the FBI is so excited they announced theyre going to take the rest of the month off. Theyre going to rest up.Turns out one of these Al Qaeda guys was born and raised right here in Brooklyn, New York. Isnt that nuts? Yeah, Brooklyn, New York, but he was very easy to recruit. The Al Qaeda guys went to recruit him and they said, Look, if you martyr yourself youll go to paradise where theres plenty of parking. And he said okay.John Gotti is the first member of his family to die of natural causes, thats true. And now that the Gambino crime family is falling a part, the biggest crime organization in New York City right now is the Catholic Church.You know, theyve been arresting these Al Qaeda guys. They found out one of them is from Brooklyn, New York. Weve got a local boy making good. . And hes the guy that came up with the idea for the dirty bomb.Have you been reading about the dirty bomb? This background, his only other job was he worked at Taco Bell. . So Im thinking, well, hes used to handling hazardous material apparently.But I think now despite everything you read Al Qaeda is desperate for new members. Earlier this week, they recruited three girls from the Ya- Ya sisterhood.President Bush now admitted that he did not read the EPA report on global warming. Thats a little alarming, isnt it? . He had a good excuse. At the time he was too busy not reading the CIA report on terrorism.And Bush is indignant about this. He said if people wanted a President who was going to read reports and stuff, they should have elected Al Gore.Osama bin Laden is operating a thing, a recruiting school in Florida to get new members of Al Qaeda. He has a recruiting facility in Florida to get thugs and terrorists into Al Qaeda. Im thinking, wait a minute maybe this explains old people driving into buildings.Have you heard these reports about Al Qaeda? Al Qaeda theyre saying is now listless, is confused, without direction, in total disarray. Oh, no, wait a minute. Thats Al Gore. Theyre saying that about Al Gore. Forget that.But this is scary. Al Qaeda is in the US looking for people to participate in suicide missions. Whoa, isnt that frightening? I under theyre talking to the New Jersey Nets.Here in New York City, what a beautiful day in New York, today. Isnt it fantastic? Oh, perfect! Here is how lovely it was today, Martha Stewart was doing her insider trading outside. It was that lovely.How about this for irony. You know the wild fire in Colorado? It turns out it was started by a woman who works for the Forest Service. Its crazy. She started a fire that destroyed 100,000 acres of pristine woodlands. Its like shes working in the Bush Administration.Did you hear about this? George W. Bush and the entire White House staff is committed to a exercise program. Earlier today George Bush spent an hour on the cardio machine. He wasnt working out on it, he was trying to pronounce it.Yesterday, an airplane flew into restricted airspace over Washington, and they had to evacuate the White House. You know, I know you folks know all about this, Im just letting the FBI know.But it had a happy ending. It was just a mix-up. The plane was full of fat people who couldnt get a seat on Southwest Airlines.Did you hear about this? Southwest Airlines is now charging people who are overweight, you know, hefties, obese, fat people? It seemed like discrimination to me, but theyre charging these people now, if they want to fly, theyre charging you for the price of two seats. And Im thinking to myself, Boy things just keep going from bad to worse for Al Gore, dont they?In soccer, you can use your head, and you can use your feet, but youre not allowed to use your hands. And coincidentally, thats President Clintons technical definition of sex.Big day for President Bush. He is unveiling details of his home security plan. And Im thinking to myself, now, wait a minute, whats wrong with this? How good is your security plan if youre announcing the details? Is that really what you want to be doing?But heres something good. The Bush Administration is encouraging everybody to get in shape, and they have a big exercise program and everybody in the White House is working out and theyre really stressing theyre trying. . So its interesting because now when a White House intern does a lap shes probably swimming. Thats the difference now.Heres something alarming. They say now that Osama bin Laden, you remember Osama bin Laden? They say they found the guy and hes still alive and planning more attacks. The question I have is, do you want to tell the FBI, or should I? How do we handle this?And President Clinton, how many remember President Bill Clinton? He got a brand new dog, you know he loves dogs and he got a brand new dog. They had a confusing thing over the weekend, Hillary is in the house and she hears Bill talking to the dog and she dont know the dog is in there. And Bill is saying Beg, roll over fetch, sit up. And for a second, she thought he was dating again.But Bill Clinton is busy. Over the weekend, he was up at the Mohegan Sun Casino, they opened a new hotel and he was up there playing saxophone. Hard to believe, this guy has left office and has actually become less classy. Isnt it interesting?That Mohegan Sun Hotel Casino, man, what a happening place that is, and Native Americans own the hotel and casino, and its a big business, they make like a billion dollars a year. And the coincidence about this is, Clinton at one time had an intern who was a Native American, it is true. I believe her name was Kneeling Fox.By the way, before I came out here, I received a phone call from Martha Stewart. She asked me if I would make an announcement for Martha. She wants all of her stockholders to know that those stock certificates can be made into lovely placemats.Were learning more and more about George Bush now, hes the physical fitness President, George Bush. Hes trying to make sure everybody in the US gets in the top physical condition of their life. They are having physical fitness at the White House month. This guy can bench press 185 pounds. Thats right. Let me put that in perspective for you, in the Clinton Administration...that would be half an intern.President Bush is in Canada right now attending one of those G-8 summit meetings in Alberta in a town called Kananaskis. Everyone is excited waiting for President Bush to try and pronounce it.I thought this was kind of a breakthrough. Yasser Arafat says he likes George W. Bushs idea of a brand new Palestinian election as long as they count the ballots in Florida.Martha Stewart has her chin up. Great attitude. I saw her in the hallway today showing people how to turn Federal subpoenas into party hats.Tonight, there will be no Pledge of Allegiance, Im sorry.Its crazy. The Enron scandal, then the ImClone scandal, now the WorldCom scandal. Its gotten so bad, earlier today, New York Mets catcher Mike Piazza held a press conference to say hes not a accountant.President Bush is in Canada at the big G-8 summit, the Group of 8, big economic summit in Canada. And you wonder about President Bush. Times like this, Im thinking to myself, Is he taking this as serious as he should? I heard every time somebody says G-8, the President yells Bingo!You think Im whining. Heres how hot it is. Today, Martha Stewart was using her stock certificates as dress shields.You know theyre doing this like extended Nightline thing, and Ted Koppel was nice enough to invite me on the show and Ill be over there a little later. But something weird, he insisted on putting me up on with a split screen with Yasser Arafat.President Bush, a couple days ago, had one of those colonoscopy things. Good idea. And hes fine, everything turned out great, but during the examination they found 300 Al Gore ballots.I liked this story last week, a couple of pilots for America West were arrested for flying a plane drunk. And I thought thats pretty good. Remember the old days when the only people drunk at the airport were the security screeners.I heard this rumor that the Al Qaeda is merging with the Hamas. I got that tip from Martha Stewart.Its always a big time when President Bush is in the city. He was in New York City this afternoon. He was down on Wall Street, and he was giving a speech, imploring people to crack down on accounting fraud, lashing out, attacking accounting fraud. Im thinking wait a minute, accounting fraud. Isnt that how he got elected?This summer, Martha Stewart.plans to set up an attractively appointed house in a country that doesnt have an extradition treaty with the US.This summer, Saddam Hussein is going to enjoy his last summer on earth.This summer, Vice President Dick Cheney plans to get a sunburn in an undisclosed location.Congratulations to George W. Bush. Earlier today, the Supreme Court declared him the winner of last nights All-Star game.President Bush was in town yesterday and calling for legislation to crack down on corporate crime. Hes creating a corporate SWAT team. Its a financial SWAT team. Thats what he wants. He wants to create a financial SWAT team, but CBS has a show about a financial SWAT team. Its called Starsky and Rukeyser.Bush said we were going after white collared criminals, and I was thinking, Gee, I wish the Catholic Church would do that.If I started today, would it be too soon to start hitting on Donna Hanover?It looks like Al Qaeda and Hamas may be merging, yeah, Al Qaeda and Hamas could be merging. Do you know what this means? -- Higher long distance rates.Have you been following the stock market? Today, like I needed to tell you, the stock market hit a five-year low. Thanks a lot, Martha.Congress passed legislation, and now commercial airline pilots will be able to carry guns. But for safety, for safety, they must keep them locked up in the cockpit liquor cabinet. Always keep them there for safety.Today is Friday, July 12. It may not mean anything to you, but traditionally this is the beginning of the Labor Day weekend for Mayor Bloomberg. Hes gone now.This weekend, big doings down in Miami, Florida. Former Attorney General Janet Reno is hosting a dance party at a Miami nightclub. . Not only is she the guest of honor, shes also the bouncer.Theres rumors now that Osama bin Laden is still alive and hes hiding a long the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan in the mountains some place. They have pretty good intelligence to suggest that, no, wait a minute. Wait a minute. No, no, thats Martha Stewart.It was so hot today that Martha Stewart was actually happy to be under a cloud of suspicion.It was so hot today, its the kind of day you dont mind losing your shirt in the stock market.Its kind of funny, I bumped into my stock broker today on my way to work. Well, actually I didnt bump into him, I broke his fall.Were learning more and more about the new fall season upcoming on CBS, and they have got some amazing shows. Theyre going to do a mini-series, a TV movie of the week about the collapse of Enron. I mean, nothing grabs viewers like a good accounting scandal.And dont miss the excitement when James Garner falsely inflates Californias energy rates!And then theyre also developing a show, right here, a two-part mini- series on CBS about young Hitler. I believe its called, Adolph in the Middle.Martha Stewart is keeping her chin up. But I was watching the show this morning and shes demonstrating, I guess this is useful, I dont know, shes demonstrating how you pack up your cot to make it look like youre in there asleep in your cell.The Securities & Exchange Commission will be investigating Vice President Dick Cheney. Thats right. And it will begin the investigation just as soon as Congress is done investigating the Securities & Exchange Commission. So...You folks hear about this? According to a federal investigation, military personnel have now spend $38,000 on lap dances. $38,000 of taxpayer money using government credit cards, they spend it on lap distances. Former President Clinton heard about this and said, Wait a minute, why didnt I think about that?Ted Williams didnt want to be frozen. He wanted to be cremated and scattered off the coast of Florida. Coincidentally thats what they did with all the Al Gore ballots.Last week, I took all my money out of stock market, thank God, I said, Oh thank God. Then I do what I think is going to be a smart thing, but listen to this, I bet it all on Tiger Woods.Al Gore sounds like hes running again, hes accusing the Bush Administration of lying about the economy, thats what he said. Theyre lying about the economy. Al Gore, pretty strong words from the guy who invented the Internet, dont you think?The power failure over the weekend didnt just affect New York City, it went way up into the suburbs. In fact, Chappaqua, where former President Clinton lives, they had a power outage there, in fact it was bad, he had to use a manual intern.Were finding out more news about the new fall season for the CBS TV programs. Listen to this, this is a blockbuster. Remember the old game show, $25,000 Pyramid? CBS is bringing it back, and its being hosted by Donny Osmond. Now, apparently, the FBI knew about this last summer, and failed to act on it.You know about these pilots that were drunk, flying the plane drunk? Did you hear about this today? It turns out not only had they had a few, three gallons of beer, before they got on the plane to fly people to Milwaukee or wherever the hell it was. What should have tipped them off was when they tried to roll the keg through the metal detector.But the good thing about this, since this happened, even terrorists are afraid to fly.Former President Clinton has apparently put on some weight since he left office, so hes getting some exercise equipment delivered up there to his home in Chappaqua. And they say that he had, I dont even know what this would be, it is a 700 pound piece of exercise equipment. And Im thinking, the last time President Clinton broke a sweat on something that weighed 700 pounds, it got him impeached.I heard theres this strange story coming out of Chappaqua. How far away is Chappaqua, its about 20 miles outside of New York City? Chappaqua, listen, heres what happened last night, Allen Iverson breaks into Bill Clintons house looking for his wife. What is going on, I said.Theres a bar out there in Queens near La Guardia, and they have this promotion, and I think its very strange, every Wednesday night in this bar by the airport, pilots drink free.President Bush has left Washington and is going to Crawford, Texas for a month-long vacation. Now, I know you folks know. I was just letting the FBI know.Yeah, Bush got out of town faster than he gets out one of his stock deals.But its going to be a lot of fun down there in Texas. This weekend the festivities begin, theyre going to have an old fashioned Texas style colonoscopy.But the Bush people, those are his aides, the Bush people, they said the President is taking this month-long vacation because he needs the opportunity to unwind. They said Bush needs to unwind. My question is, when does this guy wind?I tell you how beautiful it is today. You know those two America West pilots, it was so beautiful today they decided to do some drunk boating.Yesterday the stock market came back 500 points. Crazy. Bush is so confident about economic recovery that he added another month to his vacation, so he will be gone two months now.He started a month long vacation, going to spend an entire month in Texas on the ranch. He made Tom Ridge -- put him in charge of T ball so that will be good.Whenever Bush goes back to the range there in Texas, he looks to do ranch things, so all day he was out on the front porch practicing on the dinner triangle.How about this James Traficant. How about that guy? Tossed out of Congress, convicted of bribery and racketeering and tax evasion. Im thinking, now his hope would be maybe he can become a CEO.One of the charges against Traficant, they said he made interns do work around his house. Im thinking that is nothing. I mean Clinton, you know, he made interns do work around his pants.Al Sharpton is suing HBO. . HBO is saying well, you know -- they are kind of far apart. They are negotiating now. . Here is what it is right now: Al Sharpton wants a billion dollars. So far HBO has offered him a guest shot on Arliss.George Bush our President is taking a month-long vacation. Hes the only one in the country that can afford a vacation at all.People found out that President Bush would be gone for one month. How many of you can take a month off during the course of the year? People were upset because of economic problems and the terrorism situation and yet George W. is taking a month off to unwind. My feeling is, when does the guy actually wind? But hes taking a month off to unwind. So when the White House found out that people were upset that the President was going to be taking a month long vacation they said, no, no, no not just a vacation, he will also be doing some fundraising. All right, okay fundraising, thats fine. Thats a whole, take the time off and do some fundraising. Sorry. Youre right. Do the fundraising.A guy from Delta Airlines, a pilot they think maybe was flying drunk, we got another one, pilots flying drunk, amazing story. Scary. The FAA is waiting to retrieve the black box from his liver, and then theyll know.Celebrity birthday today, Elizabeth Dole turned 66 years old, thats right. And she got exactly what she wanted from her husband. For today only, hes not going to take the Viagra.President Bush will be in Kennebunkport, Maine, for a couple days, resting up for his month-long vacation in Texas. Goes to Maine for a couple days to rest up for his month-long vacation in Texas. There you go!Whenever President Bush goes to his ranch down there in Texas, he loves doing stuff out on the ranch, he likes to spend time clearing brush, dumping stock, hell be doing a lot of that.It was so hot today, Al Sharpton was caught on surveillance tape buying lemonade.The State Department has figured out that one of Osama bin Ladens sons, hes got like a hundred kids or something like that. And this guys name is, hes Saad bin Laden. And apparently hes very active in Al Qaeda, and hes trying to recruit younger members to participate in Al Qaeda. As a matter of fact, hes just produced his fathers most recent video, Dude, Wheres My Jihad?Ill give you an example of how hot it was today. Al Sharpton was caught on surveillance tape buying a Diet Coke.Hot down in Washington DC. It was so hot today, Dick Cheney replaced his defibrillator with a dehumidifier.Its interesting, I heard about this, the State Department now believes that Al Qaeda is being run by Osama bin Ladens son, Saad, hes got like 100 kids and Saad is now running Al Qaeda, hes trying to recruit young people. The third week in August theyre planning their first annual Jihad-palooza.Yesterday, James Traficant, expelled Congressman, you know James from Ohio? Congressman yesterday was sentenced to eight years in prison, and Im thinking, Boy there is an American success story, you know what I mean? From US Congressman to cell block bitch.Ill give you an idea of how hot it was in New York City today. Al Sharpton was caught on surveillance tape buying a Slurpee.It was so hot today in New York Al Sharpton was caught on surveillance tape buying a Vanilla Coke.Its so hot right now Im sweating more than James Traficant waiting in line for a prison shower.President Bush has agreed to be interviewed next month. ... He has agreed to be interviewed next month by 60 Minutes. And even better, Bush said he thinks he will stay for the entire half hour.How many of you get a month vacation? Well, President Bush is beginning his month-long vacation and the White House is calling it a working vacation. Im thinking that pretty much describes the entire presidency, doesnt it?But Bush says hes going to be very active when hes on vacation. He plans to exercise every day. He says he exercises every day because it clears his head. Hey, mission accomplished.Let me give you an idea how hot it was today. It was so hot, the mosquitoes have gone back to the West Nile.It was so muggy today, they caught Al Sharpton on videotape buying talcum powder.Happy birthday to former President Bill Clinton, 56 years old today. They had a big party for Bill Clinton up in Chappaqua last night. Not much really happened, Clinton was on the phone most of the evening giving directions to the stripper.In New York City cabs, in addition to getting your luggage stolen, they have now computers right in the back, and its great. . Having a computer in your cab is pretty handy, you get stuck in traffic, and I actually found my drivers name on an FBI watch list. So its invaluable.Bill Clinton is getting his own daily television show right here on CBS. Its going to be a public affairs show, and I think that makes perfect sense. Because who knows more about public affairs than President Clinton?Were all getting ready, today the CBS pages were issued pepper spray. So were ready to go.Former President Clinton, getting his own TV show here at CBS. Gonna be an afternoon television show and also he will be the new fat weatherman on the Early Show. They have picked out a name for the show. They are calling it Bubba.Actually this will be the second time Clinton appeared on CBS. Three years ago he was in that Tori Spelling movie. Do you remember that? It was entitled Mother, May I Sleep With The President?He is getting his own show on CBS. And he thought being impeached was embarrassing.CBS is working to get former President Clinton his own show. Well run into him in the hallway. So NBC is nervous. They are going to beat CBS to the punch. . They are going to have a person from the GOP. They are running promotions for it. Coming this fall to NBC, its the new show everybody is talking about. The Saddam Hussein show. Join Iraqs dictator for his first episode, I was once a geek but now my bomb- making skills are at their peak.Here at CBS, Bill Clinton is getting his own television talk show. . What this means is in six months he will be blaming his low ratings on a vast right wing conspiracy. Thats something to look forward to.According to the latest reports now, Osama bin Laden is back in charge of Al-Qaeda. I guess what this means is their leader got back from vacation before our leader got back from vacation.The ambassador of Saudi Arabia is visiting George W. Bush while he is continuing on vacation at his ranch in Crawford, Texas. Here is what happened. Bush wanted to clear some brush down there but he didnt want to do it without Saudi cooperation.Former Vice President Al Gore had kind of a scare earlier today. At his office he received in the mail something containing a lot of white powder and I was thinking, what I know of Al Gore, it was probably just a load of doughnuts.Its a tough time now for baseball fans, because were looking at a possible Major League Baseball players strike. Its a sad thing, because as you know, baseball is our national pastime. Well, you know, next to Indian casinos.Well, we blew it. We waited too long over the weekend. Sweden invaded Iraq. There goes another wasted opportunity for us.Looked there for a minute like former President Clinton was going to have his own talk show right here on CBS. We were all excited because how much fun would that be, to bump into Bubba at the commissary and...But last night on Larry King Live, he told Larry King that hes not going to be doing the talk show here at CBS, and the problem was he found out that they wanted him to interview Survivor losers on his show. And so he said, That will be it. Not going to happen.So sadly its official, Clinton decided to back out of the deal with CBS to host his very own talk show right here at CBS. And...wait a minute. You can do that?You remember Bill Clinton. The thing was, you had a deal to do a talk show right here at CBS. We were all excited because it was a done deal. We thought this is going to be fantastic. . Well at the last minute he pulled out of the deal. Its all over. So were just like wait a minute. He hasnt pulled out of something this fast since the last time...since the last time he heard Hillary coming.Heres something interesting historically, on Friday 300 members of Congress were here in New York City. I dont believe its ever happened in 200 years, the US Congress came here to New York City, and man, talk about trouble, the mayor had to hire 200 temporary hookers.ABC has this interview with one of Saddam Husseins girlfriends and this guy, have you seen him? Hes nothing if not a ladies man. And she says that this guy, that he uses Viagra. Saddam Hussein uses Viagra, his favorite food is gazelle, I just learned that a second ago. His favorite food is gazelle. He likes dancing to Frank Sinatras Strangers in the Night. Im telling you, folks, its like I have a twin! Its like I have a twin brother!You know, his favorite food actually is gazelle, but if hes in a hurry, hell just grab a quick goat on a roll.A guy in 1995 had a thing, a medical problem and he goes into a coma. . Over the weekend he woke up and apparently he is he is going to be all right. Right now they are slowly trying to explain the Clinton years to him.ABC has an interview with one of Saddam Husseins girlfriends and it will be on later in the week. The guy apparently -- hes quite a ladies man. He has five or six girlfriends. They did an interview with this woman. They said his favorite food. Every day he picks out a gazelle to be slaughtered for dinner that night. Are you like me? I get queasy picking out a lobster.According to President Bush, Iraq has the nuclear bomb. They have developed a nuclear bomb. The good news is, yes, they have developed a nuclear bomb, the good news is they have to drop it from a camel.Today is Tuesday and its primary election day all over the US. Down in Florida there may be an upset in the election today. If Janet Reno loses, here is what she is going to do. Shes going to do what Al Gore did when he lost, shes going to gain 50 pounds and grow a beard.I guess you know that the security alert went from yellow to orange today. It went from yellow to orange, just like the egg salad at Ruperts Hello Deli.When it goes orange, I think that must be very serious, because theres nothing that rhymes with orange, so it must be very serious.Well, its been six months. We havent heard anything from the guy, we havent seen the guy, we dont know where the guy is, we dont know whether hes dead or alive, its like hes dropped off the face of the planet. But enough about Tom Ridge.I think the good news, everybody is still very patriotic. For the last year, my mother has been drinking nothing but domestic vodka.Heres good news, President Clinton finally got his own talk show on CBS, mine.President Clinton was on show last night but, frankly, Im glad hes gone. I can go back to making Clinton jokes.But it looks like Janet Reno lost a primary election for governor in Florida, like she...I dont know. And they think what hurt her were the allegations of steroid, thats what they think hurt her.I had a very strange cab ride coming to work today. My cab driver stopped for a meeting with Iraqi intelligence.The first-ever Palestinian film festival. Apparently the thing was a raving success. They have one big, big Muslim action hero everyone is talking about: Osama bin Diesel.You know, in life you are just minding your own business. And sometimes one things leads to another. . To make a long story short, Bill Clinton is now dating my mother.New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is in Afghanistan and hes meeting with Afghans, and also hoping to pick up some primo weed.This weekend they fired the reigning Miss Universe. They fired her because she was getting fat, putting on a lot of weight, so they dumped her, she was getting lazy, there was nothing -- oh, no, wait a minute. Thats Al Gore.I should have known it was going to be a rough show last night. The FBI picked up a lot of cell phone chatter.British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical and biological weapons in 45 minutes. Isnt that scary? However, he can also have your glasses ready in an hour.Were finding out more and more about Saddam Hussein. For example he has five or six girlfriends and he takes viagra. Earlier today he offered to let UN weapons inspectors look inside his pants.President Bush will still not say the name Al Gore. Under no circumstances will he say the name Al Gore. And listen to this, he will also not say the name Heath Ledger. Isnt that strange?Former President Clinton is in Africa, and its sad because I didnt realize this, hes gained so much weight that the entire time hes there, hes been stalked by ivory poachers.President Clinton is in Africa with Kevin Spacey. And meanwhile, Al Gore is at Dennys with Tom Postum. So thats the way that goes.Last weekend in Chicago, these punks, father and son, I guess it was father and son day at the park, they jump out and beat up the first base coach. And what happened, sadly, is it inspired a lot of copycat crimes. Earlier today, Senator Tom Daschle was beaten to a pulp by both George Bushes.Sometimes adults, grownups in high powerful positions, can be silly. Like George Bush, were finding out right now he refuses to say the name Al Gore. Thats silly, isnt it. The last time used the name Al Gore in a sentence, he said to his brother Jeb, Hide all of those Al Gore ballots. That was the last time.Former President Clinton on a big trip to Africa. Bill Clinton is just like a regular tourist doing all of the sightseeing and stuff. I guess day before yesterday, maybe this morning, he took a ride on an elephant. And I was thinking, Jeez, he hasnt mounted something that big since he was impeached.There was a guy who went sailing out on the Pacific and something went haywire and hes been lost at sea for three months. . Finally he shows up and they rescue him and they revive him and you know what his first words were? Hows my Enron stock doing?Bill Clinton is in Africa. Hes on a tour over there. Game wardens have tagged him and are now tracking his mating habits.Remember the American Taliban guy, that John Walker Lindh? Listen to this, turns out now he might be gay. The American Taliban might be a homosexual. I dont know about you, but this sounds like a job for Dr. Phil.They say that there are signs indicating that the guy may be gay. At one time he actually tried to organize a jihad and brunch.President Clinton had a busy weekend. He saw the Banger Sisters three times. He saw the Banger Sisters three times, and then he went to a movie.New Jersey Senator Torricelli, he said he wouldnt run in New Jersey, so he is stepping aside. Im thinking, Why dont the Jets do that?You really have to feel sorry for him because you know for the campaign he used millions and millions of his own bribe money.He said he is dropping out because he was running a distant second. Geez, you dont see me do that, do you?It was a big game last night. In addition to the game between the Yankees and Angels, it was also Bob Torricelli gift bag night.Bob Torricelli, a senator from New Jersey, dropped out of the New Jersey Senate race. Because he didnt think he had a chance of winning, he dropped out. But heres whats happening, hes moving to Florida, where he might accidentally get elected.Rumors now that American Taliban guy, that John Walker.might be gay.and there were tips, there signs, if you start looking at the guys background. For example, for a while, he was actually enrolled in flight attendant school.Top 10 Saddam Hussein Campaign Promises: 10. Will guide Iraq forward into the 11th Century. 9. More money spent on the arts, specifically flattering portraits of Saddam Hussein. 8. Will hold regular town hall meetings, followed by town hall tortures and executions. 7. Less talk, more rock. 6. An anthrax-infected chicken in every pot. 5. Switch from intimidating beret to humorous Lordy, Lordy, Im Over Forty cap. 4. Ill paint any camel for $99.99. 3. Ah, what the hell -- mustaches for everybody. 2. Sunday night Sex and the City marathon at the palace. 1. To restore decency and integrity to the office of tyrannical, murderous dictator.How many of you remember Vice President Al Gore? He is giving a speech somewhere the other day and somebody said, What happened to your wedding ring? And he said, I have gotten so fat I cant wear my wedding ring. I thought, wait a minute, isnt that an old Clinton trick?But hes not worried about it. He thinks this could be an advantage for the next election. He calculates now that his ass could be worth 12 electoral votes.I had a tough day. Halfway through my cab ride this morning my cab driver was called up to be a Saddam Hussein lookalike.Boy, the Jets are having a tough time. They benched Testaverde, and now theyre putting in Senator Frank Lautenberg.Frank Lautenberg is running for Democratic senator from New Jersey and the campaign got a boost because Bob Torricelli turned over all of his bribe money to the campaign.Saddam Hussein. Hes got 24 palaces. How many of you only have one or two palaces? And palaces, heres the typical palace. It has a dolphin pool and an amusement park. You know, like the guy wasnt creepy enough already. Its starting to sound like Michael Jackson.This is not a bad idea. This woman in Italy who is like an X-rated film star, an adult film actress, and she came up with a good idea. She was trying to contact Saddam Hussein. She says shell have sex with Saddam Hussein in return for world peace. About an hour ago, the offer was accepted by former President Clinton.Saddam Hussein has 24 palaces. Each one of them has gold plated faucets. They have the gourmet kitchens. The Italian marble, crystal chandeliers. The palaces, I understand are modeled on the New Jersey home of Bob Torricelli.The annual Columbus Day parade, all of the prominent New York City Italians were there. You had Yogi Berra, Rudolph Giuliani, Hillary Clintoni.Congratulations to Saddam Hussein, reelected to another seven-year term. Very close, he received 99% of the vote, and 1% of the vote went for last-minute candidate Frank Lautenberg.Here is what we know about Saddam Hussein. He has apparently executed 53 relatives. Is it just me, or is it getting harder and harder to dislike this guy?Congratulations to Saddam Hussein, he won the election once again. Elected himself to another seven-year term, and he celebrated quietly by shooting a brother-in-law.You know the big powerful show about the White House, The West Wing, all about the White House? Im stunned, because now they say its starting to slip in the ratings and theyre getting nervous, so theyve replaced Martin Sheen with Frank Lautenberg.I think this is good news. . The UN Security Council has now authorized the use of force against all telemarketers who phone during dinner.Down in Florida, Governor Jeb Bush, hes in a dead heat with his Democratic opponent running for reelection in Florida for Governor. A dead heat, time to get out the crooked voting machines.But its a close race. Jeb is not worried. Hes confident Floridas confused and disoriented voters will put him over the top.Its all autumn in the New York area and the first sign autumn hit Chappaqua earlier today. Hillary Clinton came home for the weekend.Bartletts Book of Quotations just came out and they have six new quotes from President Clinton. Thats pretty good to have six entries. Here are some of the memorable things he said, Its my wife, get in the closet. Another is, What are they going to do, impeach me? Another quote from Clinton is And how late are you? They are all in there.According to the FBI violent crime has just gone crazy. Im thinking, well, how did the FBI find out about this?Robert Blake is in jail because they think he might have killed his wife. And earlier today, I heard that his attorney quit. But hes been replaced by Frank Lautenberg.Tomorrow is election day, so I guess six months from now well know who wins in Florida.Former President Clinton had a busy weekend campaigning for Democratic candidates. He was in six states, ten cities, and three flight attendants.What a day for the Republicans. First of all, congratulations to Jeb Bush. He was reelected as Floridas Governor, and things went so well for Jeb Bush they didnt have to use the crooked voting machines.President Bush, as you can imagine, is thrilled, hes so happy he started drinking again.It was a long night for the Democrats. You know your party is in trouble when your bright young star of the future is Senator Frank Lautenberg.But it wasnt a complete disaster for the Democrats, they did keep control of The West Wing.Call me sentimental, but wasnt it uplifting to see Walter Mondale come out of retirement for one last ass whipping?Old habits are hard to break. Sometime around midnight last night, Al Gore conceded.Many Republican candidates got themselves elected thanks to something they call the Bush Bounce. Now this is not to be confused with the Clinton Bounce. That will actually get you impeached.Top 10 Signs That President Bush Is Getting Cocky: 10. Didnt even try to hide the fact that he voted five times today. 9. Claims he has a plan to tax poor people back to the stone age. 8. Instead of the United States Marine Band, now travels with the Foo Fighters. 7. Encouraging his daughters to drink more in public. 6. On CNN, referred to Tom Daschle as his bitch. 5. Three words: Presidential Rally Monkey. 4. Hes been mispronouncing bigger words lately. 3. Told Secret Service agent, Go ahead -- punch me in the stomach. 2. Screams Boo! at Dick Cheney. 1. He just gave Monica a call.Big win yesterday for the Republicans. . And now theyre saying the problem was the Democrats could not articulate a message. . You know youre in trouble when you are out-articulated by President Bush.Frank Lautenberg in New Jersey, hes off to Washington to represent the people of New Jersey. He said earlier he hopes to get in on some of that hot intern action. Those are the old days, Frank!I thought this guy was dead or just retired, Osama bin Laden, because you hadnt heard anything...in a condo somewhere, given up. Now they say theres a new tape from Osama bin Laden and theyre pretty certain that this tape was made recently, and its chilling. I mean he says unbelievable things. For example, he takes credit for the Winona Ryder Saks Fifth Avenue robbery.The reason that they think it was made recently is because he does mention Ben and J. Lo.But in the tape hes angry, hes complaining about spending nine bucks to see Jackass.Joe Pantoliano is on the show tonight. You know he played Ralphie on the Sopranos, and last week he was decapitated. Which means he has got the most famous head since the Clinton Administration.Those living in New York City are in the middle of a financial crisis, a fiscal crisis. Budget problems, hardly any money. Im tell you how bad it is today. Earlier today, Mayor Bloomberg announced the city would lay off two million rats.Al Gore is on the show tonight. Hes here to make me look exciting.Were going to see if Al can get through the entire show without saying, Tax cuts for the wealthiest one percent.I havent seen Al in a while. I went back stage. Hes still counting ballots.According to a study, if you drink moderately, like maybe two glasses of red wine, it makes you more mentally alert. Down in Washington theyre trying to get George Bush to start drinking again.President Bush yesterday met with former President Jimmy Carter. Jimmy Carter is 76 years old. ... Or as the Democrats call him, their bright new star of the future.Bush was meeting with a lot of dignitaries. He met with Nobel Prize winner John Fen and he asked him if he could come up with some chemistry between Dick Cheney and Colin Powell.They say Saddam Hussein has bioterror labs on wheels, and Im thinking, Well, geez, we have those in New York City. You know, they are food vendor carts.Saddam Hussein, in case of war now, he is smuggling his family into Libya when the bombing starts. Thats what he is going to do. ... Coincidentally I have made the same arrangements for my family if I ever host the Academy Awards again.UN inspectors have arrived in Baghdad, and theyre looking for Saddam Husseins bioterror labs on wheels. ... So far theyve only found an unsanitary falafel truck.Later today, Hans Blix inspected a mattress factory. Crazy Mohammeds, their prices are insane!President Clinton, hes in Manhattan a couple days ago driving down the street and he stops his car and he goes up to a doorman in an apartment building and asks the guy if he can use the restroom. One day youre the leader of the free world, the next day a guy named Pedro wont let you use the bathroom. Sorry situation, aint it?Later that day, Clinton stopped a couple on Park Avenue and asked the guy if he could use his wife.Former President Clinton...was in California earlier in the week playing in a golf tournament, playing golf. And he hit a shot and had hit a bystander with the golf ball. Unbelievable. But the good news it its the first time he has nailed someone and didnt get impeached.Here is an update from Iraq: UN Inspector Hans Blix and the team finished the inspection of a Baghdad Hooters. So thats where they stand so far.According to recent reports, Saddam Hussein has bioterror labs on wheels. Thats a scary prospect, isnt it? ... Here is the interesting part: If the anthrax is not delivered in 30 minutes, its free.A week ago tonight, Al Gore was here by the way. He says that President Bushs economic plan has zero chance of working. Thats what Al Gore is saying now. ... I think this raises one important question: Bush has an economic plan??UN weapons inspectors are in Iraq and so far they haven?t found any bioterror labs. Earlier today they did close down an Olive Garden because the staff was not wearing hair nets.?It started with a Noreaster and we had like a blizzard and now its freezing cold in New York City. Its actually colder today than United Airlines stock.I had a lovely Sunday. I curled up with the 10,000-page Iraqi weapons report. Its a real page turner.Last week, President Bush turned on the juice for the national Christmas tree, and you know what, he accidentally threw the wrong switch and bombed Baghdad.Iraq has admitted to having chemical, biological, and nuclear material - - oh no, wait a minute, thats Whitney Houston.Its so cold in New York, today up there in Chappaqua, President Clinton had a hot buttered intern.President Bush is patiently waiting for his three-page summary of the 10,000-page Iraqi weapons report.Last week Saddam Hussein releases this big 10,000-page report about nuclear and biological weapons and whether they got them or not. Its big, 10,000 pages, or as George Bush refers to it, a doorstop.This Saddam Hussein, you know, hes nuts. . He is also wily and now he is pretending like hes a nice guy. Like he apologized to Kuwait and earlier today he resigned from Augusta National Golf Club.Yesterday the new Secretary of the Treasury, John W. Snow, resigned from Augusta National Golf Club. . The reporters were saying, What will you miss most about Augusta National Golf Club, and he said, Well, you know, showering with all the men.It is so cold down in Washington, Trent Lott put his other foot in his mouth.It was so cold up in Chappaqua, the Clintons got in the same bed.UN inspector Hans Blix has declared Trent Lotts mouth a biological weapon.Im in a run of bad luck. . Every year we have the NAACP Man of the Year office pool, you draw it and see who is going to win the NAACP Man of the Year. This year, I get Trent Lott.Im very excited because our President this year is mailing out a million Christmas cards. . Its a beautiful winter scene and it depicts Santa Claus, and hes there in his workshop with the elves and its snowing and hes at the North Pole and its surrounded by oil rigs. Its beautiful.A million Christmas cards. Its not as much fun at the White House when all the interns are doing is licking stamps.Tomorrow night, another fantastic Christmas special -- an angel comes down to earth and shows Trent Lott what the country would have been like if Strom Thurmond became President. Wonderful for the whole family.Trent Lott says the remarks were a mistake of the head, not the heart. I want to tell you something: the rabid squirrel head-piece youre wearing, thats a mistake of the head. If you know what Im saying.You know that Saddam Hussein guy, hes nuts, right? . But there are reports now -- here is what this guy is doing. He is growing anthrax at his house and he is cultivating anthrax at his house. He is using that. He is going to get back at his enemies. When he is done growing anthrax at his house -- no wait a minute, no, thats Martha Stewart.There is no transit strike here in New York City. So far, so good, that means the busses, the trains, the subways are all running on regular schedule. So far today, the only thing not running is Al Gore.Al Gore announced that he is not running for president in 2004. Trent Lott is hoping Strom Thurmond will jump into the race, thinks theres a good shot.Earlier today, Lott was spotted in a bar with Cardinal Law, did you hear that?Today is December 16th. That means only eight more Trent Lott apologies until Christmas.Earlier tonight.Trent Lott was going to be on the Black Entertainment network. Thats like Winona Ryder working security at Saks Fifth Avenue.A big holiday special tomorrow night on CBS: Sean Penns Christmas in Baghdad. And dont miss next weeks special, Trent Lotts Swinging Motown Christmas. That will be another big night.Last night, Trent Lott.apologized on the Black Entertainment network. He was serious about this, and.he said he no longer feels the bigotry and prejudice that he felt last week. That should clear everything up.Today I got a Christmas card from the White House. . Its a beautiful card, it depicts the Three Wise Men and theyre being followed by a Predator drone.Congratulations to Keith Richards, hes 59 years old today. They had a big party for Keith, and it went pretty well, except for some poorly chosen words by Trent Lott. But other than, that it was a lovely gathering.This just in: Trent Lott has apologized on Telemundo.Heres where we stand now: Trent Lott: six apologies, Cardinal Bernard Law: four.Trent Lott, thats what he said this morning: I plan to stay on and fight this. Translation: Hell be gone in a week.Bill Frist is the new Senate leader for the Republican Party. And I didnt know a thing about this guy, turns out hes a former surgeon. And his first job as Majority Leader was to remove a dangerous growth, Trent Lott.Its exciting, its 2003. You know, 2003, and Trent Lott is still writing 1948 on his checks.Top 10 Signs Your Neighbor Is Making Clones: 10. You admire his dog. Offers to make you one. 9. Toll collector spotted four of him in the carpool lane. 8. Always at Kinkos studying the equipment. 7. Hes an unmarried scientist with 53 sons. 6. Youre pretty sure you saw Einstein, Lincoln, and Heidi Klum lounging around his pool. 5. The clumsy attempts to make his kids look different using hats. 4. When your wife has twins, he howls, Amateur! 3. On hot summer days, neighbor kid sets up a Clonaid stand. 2. His sons birthday cake reads, Happy somatic cell genetic mutation day, Darren! 1. You look out your window and you see you washing his car.The 2004 Republican convention will be held right here in New York City. Earlier today, Trent Lott started apologizing for things he might say when he is here.New York City will be the host of the Republican convention in 2004. . Once again, another attempt to pretend that they are the party of diversity.I was leafing through newspapers today and I came upon a fantastic study...heres what they found out. Youll have more heart attacks if you work with dumb people. . They have proven this that working with stupid people will cause heart attacks. And Im thinking, Oh, poor Dick Cheney.You folks excited about human cloning, its fun, isnt it? . That company, that Clonaid that started all this stuff. . They made an announcement today they now have been able to clone a Bill Clinton, Junior.from a blue dress.Last nights audience, boy, they were also dumb. They thought Hans Blix and the Inspectors was a Grammy-nominated band.Joe Lieberman announced hes running for President, and if he looks familiar, he used to play the dad on ALF.So if youre keeping score, so far we have seven Democratic candidates. Thank you, Clonaid.New York City will host the 2004 Republican National Convention. Good news for the city. We lured the Republicans here the old fashioned way -- with bribe money and hookers -- and they said, Why not?The Republicans are getting ready. They want everything to go just perfectly for the convention here in New York City. They are already busy getting things ready. They are auditioning people right now to play black Republicans.UN inspectors have not found any offensive weapons in Iraq. Nor did they find any on the New York Jets.Heres some good news: Over the weekend, the Letterman family received some good news in Illinois. My Uncle Earls death sentence was commuted.Senator Joe Lieberman announced that hes going to be running for president. You excited about that? The man is so dull theyre already talking about replacing him with Frank Lautenberg.CBS legend Andy Rooney, 84 years old today. They had a little party for him, and I understand Trent Lott stopped by to make some racially insensitive remarks.You know this Kim Jong-Il, the crazy mad lunatic North Korean dictator. . He enjoys cartoons, he is crazy about Elizabeth Taylor, and he relaxes by dangling his kids off the balcony. Thats how crazy that guy is.Its so cold, the temperature today in New York City was actually lower than President Bushs approval rating.President Bushs approval rating was like 100, 110 percent, and all of a sudden its starting to slide, its down to 58 percent. . Im no political expert, Im no political pundit, but.when I see that old approval rating start to slide, you know what Im thinking? Time for a sex sandal.Joe Lieberman.announced hes going to run for president. . Hes serious about it, and you can tell hes serious.because his wife Hadassah is changing her name to Meg.Michael Jackson may be moving to Florida. Earlier today, Governor Jeb Bush appealed for calm.Were learning more about this Kim Jong Il, he dyes his hair a wacky color. He takes Viagra. He has lifts in his shoes to make himself appear taller, like Sylvester Stallone.On one hand, you have George Bush, and his approval ratings are starting to drop. Now, President Clinton, his approval ratings never went down. His interns, on the other hand...I thought this was kind of eerie, kind of unpleasant. Over the weekend, they published another one of those letters from Osama bin Laden. They think it may be authentic, its a letter from Osama bin Laden, its 26 pages long. But in all fairness, the last page is just his Oscar picks.Intelligence sources now indicate that the North Koreans are only a couple months away from developing their own rapping kangaroo.Today, Trent Lott said it wouldnt be this cold if we had elected Strom Thurmond in 1948.Were learning more and more about North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il, and of course his father, Mental Lee Ill. . Kim Jong Il, he drinks the blood of virgins. Im going to tell you something: If this guy doesnt watch his step, hes going to develop a reputation as a nut!Five years ago, President Clinton said, I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Five years ago today. Or as we refer to it here, the Golden Age of Comedy.According to published reports, President Bill Clinton, how many of you remember President Bill Clinton? According to these reports hes decided he is...addicted to sex, President Clinton. Addicted to sex so that hes gone into therapy for his addiction to sex. So far its already going very well, they say. Hes already nailed two other addicts.Everybody is getting ready for the Super Bowl. In Iraq, as a matter of fact, the UN inspectors are no longer searching for weapons of mass destruction, they are now searching for salty snacks.They got that crazy mad man, Saddam Hussein. The US is trying to force him into exile. So far the only offer he has had is two weeks on Sean Penns couch.The US is trying to force Saddam Hussein into exile, and CBS is trying to do the same with 60 Minutes producer Don Hewitt.Last night, what a rough audience we had last night. It was the first time Ive ever seen an audience call for a preemptive strike.Yesterday Colin Powell was at the UN, talking to the Security Council. He was very effective. He presented a pretty strong case. However, he still couldnt convince France, Russia, or Sean Penn.Colin Powell gave a thorough presentation. He even had proof that Saddam Hussein bet on baseball.It was just a rough, ugly, nasty audience we had last night. As a matter of fact, earlier in the day Colin Powell actually linked them to al Qaeda.Did you hear about this down there at Camp X-Ray in Cuba -- one of prisoner attempted suicide. Apparently he was depressed because he thought he would never get the chance to be a suicide bomber.A program reminder from CBS: The war with Iraq premieres Sunday night immediately following Becker.How many folks saw Colin Powell at the UN? I thought he was pretty persuasive but a lot of folks are still demanding more evidence before they consider Iraq a threat. For example France wants more evidence. ... The last time France wanted more evidence, it rolled right through Paris with a German flag.The US is now offering safe haven for Saddam Hussein and his family if he wants it go into exile. They say, okay, well set up a program to take care of you and your family. Its the same deal with the Democrats made with Al Gore.Are you aware of the fact that its Fashion Week here in New York City? Yeah. Well now, you cant tell by looking at you folks, but its fashion week in New York, and the city is on lavender alert.Its the Westminster Kennel Club dog show at Madison Square Garden. ... And you have dogs from all over the world are participating in the Kennel Club show. Except for the French poodles and the German shepherd, theyre refusing to participate, they dont want any part of it.You know were on orange alert. Its really paying off. They rounded up that stoned Dell guy. The alert is really paying off.Folks, are you aware of the fact that its fashion week? ... Its a big deal. Its designers from all over the world -- with the exception of France and Germany.The Academy Awards this year, by the way will, be televised live to 113 nations. All of which hate us.New York City is on an Orange Alert. Today, Mom and I spend the entire day duct taping windows and stockpiling malt liquor. So were ready to go if anything happens.Theres another one of those creepy audiotapes from Osama bin Laden. ... And experts think that its recent, because in the tape Osama bin Laden expresses his disappointment that Richard Gere was not nominated for Chicago.Top 10 Things I, Saddam Hussein, Want To Get Off My Chest: 10. I Dont have links to Al Qaeda, but the same guy does our taxes. 9. Of my 24 palaces, 19 are just timeshares. 8. Kim Jong Il cheats at Scrabble. 7. I bought most of my medals on eBay. 6. You know what I use to lighten up leftovers? Anthrax. 5. Sometimes even I confuse Iran and Iraq. 4. Is it just me, or does it seem like Michael Jackson is weird? 3. Christiane Amanpour, call me. 2. Try to find a parking space in downtown Baghdad -- now thats torture, am I right, people? 1. I cant prove it, but I think Hans Blix took a leak in my pool.Because of the orange alert, it means you have to stock up on duct tape and plastic sheeting. I was in the hardware store after I got off the subway this morning. Stocked up on the stuff and said, That reminds me of my wedding night.I tell you how bad the snow was, I had to hire Hans Blix to find my car.There was so much snow in New York City, terrorists are being told to stay home unless its urgent.Bad snow down in our nations capital, Washington, DC. Earlier today, Dick Cheney was watching a guy shoveling his driveway and he had a heart attack.Yesterday was Presidents Day, and next Monday, its a special holiday devoted to the Bushes: One Term Presidents Day.You gotta feel bad for President Bush. Hes really fed up with the UNs foot dragging, hes really had it, hes very frustrated. He wants to attack Iraq and wipe them out before his one-term presidency is up.What a rough crowd we had last night. ... Right from the beginning of the show they were throwing rolls of duct tape at me.I was watching Star Search last night. Halfway through the program, Hans Blix, UN weapons inspector, shows up, found no evidence of stars.Tom Ridge is urging people like you and me to go out and buy duct tape and plastic sheeting. Im thinking, thats great, in case the terrorists show up to your house to paint your living room.Are you ready for some exciting news? Listen to this: Dick Gephardt is running for president. Gephardt ran once before, in 1988, but he was no match for the charm and charisma of Michael Dukakis.At the Grammys, New York City Mayor Bloomberg was there, he was in the green room with Kid Rock sharing a joint.Dan Rather, on the CBS television network interviews Saddam Hussein. ... This Saddam Hussein is a fascinating guy. Hes weird but fascinating. In the interview he claims he has only had two operations on his nose.Theres an auto dealer in New Jersey who will give Saddam Hussein a free Buick he if leaves Iraq. Those Buicks are nice rides. Coincidentally, this is the same deal NBC offered me.Anybody here ever had the shingles? And its, boy, those things are painful. 30 days, it took me to get over the shingles, and according to Donald Rumsfeld, thats right on schedule.But you know how they cured the shingles? Have any idea? In my case, youre not going to believe this. You know how they get rid of the shingles? Duct tape.You know Geraldo Rivera? Well, hes a TV reporter for Fox, did you hear about this? And hes been tossed out of Iraq, apparently he was in Iraq doing some TV reporting for Fox, and they tossed him out of Iraq because he was revealing American military installations, the location of the installations, so Iraq tossed him out. And Im thinking to myself, Ill bet you this is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to the Fox Television Network in their history, and then I thought No, wait a minute. This is Fox TV. That wouldnt even make the top 50.Listen to this, according to the Pentagon, we may be running out of things to bomb in Baghdad. Earlier today, a cruise missile destroyed the Museum of Rubble.And now this Iraqi television has released new video tape. Video tape of Saddam Hussein and his three sons. Were aware of the fact he had three sons? He has three sons. Uday is one, Qusay is one, and Little Joe.Theres some confusion now whether Saddam Hussein is alive or dead. At first they thought they got him and no, we dont think we got him. Now, maybe we did, maybe we didnt. The video tape on Iraqi television earlier today and its so confusing. Its Saddam Hussein -- I dont even get this, and hes speaking at his own funeral.Iraqs elite Republican Guard, their elite Republican guard is doing so bad now they have changed the name to the Democratic Guard.You know what I think is interesting, were hearing a lot now about Saddam Husseins sons, you know, his sons, heres the names of the sons, Uday and Qusay. By the way, thats Pig Latin for Marty and Steve.Actually, Saddam Hussein has three sons, he has the Uday, the Qusay, and the hot tempered Sonny. Thats right. Its the hot tempered Sonny.Iraqi TV has released old footage of Saddam Hussein because people say, well, hes dead and other people say no, no hes not dead, hes hiding. So Iraqi TV is releasing a lot of old footage of Saddam Hussein to try to prove that hes still alive. You know, its the same thing we do with Dick Cheney. Its the same thing.Heres what I did this morning, I got out of bed, and I do my Iraqi elite Republican Guard exercises. You know how that is, you put your hand above your head and you keep them there.Yesterday they busted into one of Saddam Husseins palaces over there in Baghdad, hes got like 80 palaces and the US troops busted into one of them. And they did not find any chemical weapons, but in the refrigerator he had a can of expired yogurt.Heres what I dont get about that Saddam Hussein guy: Nobody has ever seen the guy. Right, this is what I dont get, nobody has ever seen him, and now hes missing. What?He has three sons, were you aware of the fact that he had three sons? Yeah everybody knows that. Theyre named Uday, Uday is one. Qusay is another one, and from a first marriage, Gary.How about that Geraldo Rivera, you know what Im saying? Apparently hes goofing around and he pulls some boneheaded stunt and the Pentagon tosses him out of Iraq, they say thats it, youre no good, youre going home. US troops actually performed it, I think the name of the operation was Enduring Pain in the Ass.Meanwhile over at Fox, Geraldo Rivera -- he was named news man most likely to reveal military secrets. So its a different kind of an honor.Good news from Iraq. The US forces have penetrated the red zone. They have penetrated the red zone yes, yeah. Do you know what that means? No parking. Thats what it means.Welcome to the Late Show, ladies and gentlemen. We have a pretty good group here tonight, except for some sporadic, light resistance.I just saw some interesting information from Iraqs Minister of Information. Hes a lot of fun isnt he? He says Saddam Hussein is not dead, hes just out with the shingles.You probably heard about this. Last night, the US dropped four 2,000 pound bombs on Saddam Hussein. I mean, I dont know anything about explosives, but do those things even need to explode?I havent seen bombs that big since the CBS Saturday night lineup.And listen to this, they say Saddam Husseins three ex-wives have already fled into Syria. Three ex-wives? I heard that, and I said, Well, geez, maybe hes faking his own death.Ladies and gentlemen, here is the good news, we have defeated Saddam Hussein and Iraq. The good news is Iraq is ours, and the bad news Iraq is ours.And now the really difficult part, we have to rebuild Iraq into a strong independent nation, that will one day hate the US.I love this, Iraqs Minister of Information did not show up for his press conference today. Did not show up for his press conference. However, he claims he was there and he said it went very well.Have you been watching the Minister of Information, the Iraqi Minister of Information? The guy is very entertaining, isnt he? Yesterday he said that Saddam Hussein was not dead, he was just in rehab.In Iraq right now its 100 degrees. And its even hotter where Saddam is.I thought this was fascinating to watch. Yesterday the Iraqis and US troops pulled down a giant statue of Saddam Hussein. How many of you got a chance to see that? It was the US troops and the Iraqi citizens, and it was a big, 25 foot statue. And they get a hold of it, and they rope it off, and they pull it down, and it lands right on top of Geraldo.Top 10 Things Iraqs Information Minister Has To Say About The War: 10. Were pulling down statues of Saddam to have them cleaned. 9. Dont believe that stuff you see on CNN...or NBC or CBS , ABC, Fox, or MSNBC. 8. If you ask me who the winner is, it depends on what your definition of is is. 7. Iraqi television is off the air because we didnt want you to have to watch Becker. 6. Do you know of any job openings for a lying weasel? 5. Wolf Blitzer and I are engaged. 4. Iraqis are in the streets celebrating Chers 40 fabulous years in show business. 3. Incoming! 2. Saddams not dead, hes just out with a case of the shingles. 1. War? What war?Theyve gone crazy over there in Iraq, theyre just looting like crazy. Its unbelievable. I havent seen so much merchandise flying out of stores since, well, Winona Ryder.Yesterday in downtown Baghdad, they toppled the statue of Sean Penn.I dont care what they say about weapons of mass destruction or not, but Iraq is just a horrible place. Just listen to what our troops he found over there -- torture chambers, nerve gas, all-male country clubs.But the US military has vowed to get Saddam Hussein. In fact, theyre going to do it tomorrow night when he goes out to mail his taxes.And now, President Bush is saying Syria, Syria has weapons of mass destruction. Gee, I wonder where hes heading with this?Last night, what a nasty audience we had. Rough crowd. Right after the show, they toppled my statue.They found one of Saddam Husseins family palaces. ... The family palace, this is what the US troops found - a private zoo, Prozac, pictures of naked women. It was just like Michael Jacksons place, except for the naked women.The troops did not find any nerve gas. However, they did find large drums of Aqua Velva.They found tequila, Viagra, and Prozac. And coincidentally, thats how I got through the shingles.The Iraqis need to be taught how to behave. For example, you cant just go out rioting and looting. You cant do that, you know. Unless your team wins a championship. Then everything is fine.On my lunch hour, Im walking through Central Park, and I saw a beautiful spring sight here in New York City. It was a robin, like one of the first robins of spring, building a nest out of duct tape.Were learning more and more about Saddam Hussein and his family than we did before the war. And US troop have busted into many of the family palaces. Listen to what they found. They break into one of the family palaces, heres what they find. Tequila. Hell, I got tequila. Tequila. Viagra. And Prozac. Or as I call it, a pre-show cocktail.You can tell that the war is nearly over. Tonight on ABC they have a two-hour special, Dick Clarks Rocking Downfall of Baghdad.Even though Iraq has been liberated now, we have to teach them about democracy and the voting, the election process. Because theres still some confusion about democracy and the election process -- oh, no, wait a minute, thats Florida.Its interesting, I was looking at my calendar and this year we have a late Passover. We also have a late Easter. And a late Saddam Hussein.Whats the matter, you folks couldnt get into Syria?We now know that Saddam Husseins ex-wives are hiding out in Syria. His three ex-wives are hanging out in Syria. So thats one place we dont need to look for him.Special Ops forces have rescued an American League umpire, last night in Chicago.You wont believe what happened to me. I almost didnt get here. Halfway up Broadway, my cab driver jumps out of the his cab and turns himself in to the coalition forces.Over the weekend, I find out that my Uncle Earl turned up as the Six of Clubs in that Iraqi deck of cards. How, I said, how did that...And big weekend coming up. Sunday, over on Fifth Avenue, its the parade of self flagellating Shiites. So I know Ill be there.So they got this airline, Southwest Airlines, you heard of Southwest Airlines? And a flight attendant goes into the cockpit and the two pilots in there are naked. Theyre just sitting in their naked. And so they fired them, but their excuse was, Hell, we were drunk.Today is Saddam Husseins birthday. 66 years old today. Saddam Husseins birthday. Saddam celebrated quietly with a few close friends in hell.Last night, what an ugly crowd. Werent they ugly? We found out later when they left that 14, 14 of those Iraqi card guys were actually in our audience last night.Let me ask you a question, are you worried about SARS? Are you scared about SARS? Tom Ridge, Homeland Security Director, you know what he said today? He said you are supposed to duct tape your nose.New York City police captured an alligator in Central Park. Now they say he is cooperating and providing valuable information.On Thursday, President Bush will declare that the war with Iraq is over. Thats good news. So now he can concentrate on squandering his high approval rating.There was a guy running around Baghdad, did you hear about this? He said, Im in charge, Im the mayor. They said, Geez weve never had a mayor before. For like a couple weeks he was telling everybody, Im the mayor of Baghdad. Hes having like functions and doing stuff. They finally arrested the guy. Turns out, it was Sean Penn. Isnt that odd?Hillary Clinton, our senator from the state of New York is publishing a 600 page memoir about her years in the White House. 600 pages. To me thats pretty good for somebody who never seemed to know what the hell was going on.The new guy now in charge of Iraq is retired US General Jay Garner. Jay Garner is now running things in Iraq. Al Gore couldnt get even that?And it looks like Saddam Hussein is still alive. Did you hear about this? He faxes a London newspaper. And they think it actually is Saddam Hussein, and he is still alive, and it is a current fax, because he says in the fax, hes upset with the photo they used in the deck of cards.They think it is a recent fax because it refers to Madonnas guest shot on Will and Grace.They think it is a recent fax because he wishes Bob Hope a happy 100th birthday.Hookers are now back on the street of Baghdad. After 25 years, there have been no hookers in Baghdad for 25 years. The hookers are now back. And of course, the question is, do you really want a hooker who was working 25 years ago?By the way, congratulations to New York Senator Hillary Clinton, she is publishing her memoir of her years in the White House. You know, she was there for eight years. And the book is quite a volume, 600 pages. Thats an enormous book. I mean, the thing weighs almost enough for her husband to date.It seems like Saddam Hussein is still alive. Have you heard about this? Hes been faxing a London newspaper. And the faxes, honestly, hes faxing this newspaper, and the faxes are current. In the most recent fax, he thanks the Dixie Chicks for their support.But heres good news. Earlier tonight, Bush announced the war against Iraq has been won. Its all over, its been won. I believe this would be Bushs first uncontested victory.Before the announcement, Bush landed on the deck of an aircraft carrier in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The last president to make a landing on something that big was...Bill Clinton.The big movie over the weekend, $85 million. X-Men II is big, anybody see the big X-Men? For those of you who dont anything know about it, it is about a group of mutants, and they want to take over he world. And its characters like Storm, The Storm, another character is Night Crawler, wants to take over the world, then you have Donald Rumsfeld, wants to take over the world. Crazy! Just goes crazy.The Democrats, bless their heart, had their first presidential debate over the weekend. Nine guys showed up for the big presidential debate. What a dreary group, did you see any of these guys? George Bush took a look at them and said, You know, I may actually win this one fair and square.But Richard Gephardt was appealing to the Democratic base, he promised to bring sex back to the Oval Office.You know what happened on Saturday? The first nude flight ever took off from Miami. Thats right. ... It was an all nude flight, even the terrorists were naked.Here is good news, coalition forces have captured Dr. Germ. They have captured Dr. Germ. She is also known as Mrs. Anthrax there, but I believe Anthrax was actually her maiden name.Here is more good news, the first Burger King has opened in Baghdad. Thats exciting isnt it. A lot of folks working there, the Eight of Clubs, the Jack of Diamonds, the King of Spades.One of Saddam Husseins son, Qusay his son Qusay. Takes three tractor trailer trucks, goes to the bank with a note from his father and steals a billion dollars in cash. That rat bastard.Earlier today, he was invited to join the Republican Party.Democrat Joe Lieberman as you know is running for president, and I think he must be serious because last week, his wife, Hadassa, had her name legally changed to Meg.So far theres like nine or ten Democratic candidates. Have you seen these guys? They are actually a pretty dull group. Do you know what Im talking about? I think its good they are dull because theres very little chance anybody will be getting laid in the Oval Office now.Top Ten President Bush Excuses For Not Finding Weapons Of Mass Destruction: 10. Weve only looked through 99% of the country. 9. We spent the entire budget making those playing cards. 8. Containers are labeled in some crazy language. 7. They must have been stolen by some of them evil X-Men mutants. 6. Did I say Iraq has weapons of mass destruction? I meant they have goats. 5. How are we supposed to find weapons of mass destruction? We cant even find Cheney. 4. Were still screwed up because of daylight savings time. 3. When youre trying to find something, its always in the last place you look. Am I right, people? 2. Lets face it - I aint exactly a genius. 1. Geraldo took them.Heres some sad news. 60 Minutes will end their weekly Clinton-Dole debates, you know that segment they had? Too bad, CBS was hoping that Bob Dole would bring in that younger audience.So far we have captured 20 of the 55 in the Iraqi deck of cards. Thats pretty good, 20 out of the 55. Yeah still missing, Saddam Hussein, we have not found Saddam Hussein. His two sons, we have not found his two sons. We have not found Sean Penn. So theyre still at large.Theres another audio tape from Saddam Hussein, a brand new Saddam Hussein audiotape, its a 15 minute monologue, Saddam Hussein is doing a 15-minute monologue. And he closes with a Clinton joke.Top Ten Reasons I, Joe Lieberman, Would Make A Great President (As Read By Joe Lieberman): 10. Not only will my vice president be in an undisclosed location, I wont even reveal who he is. 9. I know Microsoft Excel and can type 65 words per minute. 8. Ive gotten a lot of good advice from Martin Sheen. 7. Instead of taking Air Force One, I can use all of my accumulated frequent flier miles. 6. Saddams a president, and Im way less nuts than he is. 5. I will change the Constitution to guarantee every American a free DVD player. 4. I am very comfortable in oval-shaped rooms. 3. It just so happens Spider- Man is a close, personal friend of mine. 2. I wont take any crap from France. 1. Look at me. Do you honestly think therell be a sex scandal?Mayor Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, how many of you did not know it was Mayor Bloomberg? I just found out today. Mayor Bloombergs approval ratings are at an all time low, 32%. Now, let me put that in perspective for you. Saddam Hussein is at 37%.Earlier today, I heard that coalition forces found a mobile bio-terror laboratory in Iraq. It is a germ laboratory on wheels, or as we call it in the United States, Dominos.Well, yesterday there was an announcement from Washington, Dick Cheney said he is going to run again. He said my health is fine. I have a doctor with me 24 hours a day. Thats always the sign of a man in good health isnt it? Got your doctor living with you.US forces have captured the Two of Hearts in the Iraqi deck of cards. That makes 20 out of 55 captured. So thats pretty good. Oddly enough - - the Eight of Clubs: Winona Ryder.They were talking a couple of days ago about Saddam Hussein, did we kill him? Did we not? Who knows, who cares? Then they had the audio tape. Did you hear that? Did you folks here that Saddam Hussein audio tape? For those of you who missed it I made a copy of it. ... Listen closely to the words of Saddam Hussein. Fake audio tape of Saddam Hussein: I will survive, as long as I know how to love, I will stay alive. I have all my life to live, I have all my love to give, I will survive, hey, hey.Think somebody has lost their mind, because you know what they are promoting for the sweeps period? I tivod a promo for something called Saddam week. I Tivod it and I brought it in. Look at what is running next week on CBS. Fake CBS ad: CBS is the place to be, Saddam Hussein week. Get ready for a hilarious cultural clash that is out of this world. He is a big shot in Iraq but, can he handle the in-laws on My Big Fat Greek Life? Tune in this weekend as Saddam Hussein gives the most powerful performance of his non-dictator career on Touched By An Angel. And coming next month, Saddam Hussein vanishes on without a trace. Saddam week, be there.The New York Times fired one of its reporters for turning in phony stories. It is a big scandal. The newspaper became suspicious after a six-part series on UFOs and Elvis.The New York Times admitted that the reporter faked interviews, and I thought, Well, hell, I do that here every night.You know the old slogan of the New York Times? All The News Thats Fit To Print? Theyve changed it. The new slogan is now, We Make It Up.Heres more good news. Saddam Husseins Baath Party no longer exists. Saddam Husseins Baath Party, gone. Thats tough luck for New York City. We were trying to get their convention.So, the Baath Party is gone. George Bush is really on a roll here. This year, the Baath Party. Last year, the Democrats. Taking care of everybody.I had a cab driver today, he belonged to a splinter group of the Baath Party - the No Baath Party.Remember the new $20 bills? Remember like a few years ago they brought out the new ones. Guess what? Theres an even newer $20 billion. I got one and it pretty much looks like the other one except in big red letters across the front side of it, it says Do Not Copy.Ladies and gentlemen, here is a program reminder. Tomorrow night, Monica Lewinsky will be co-hosting the Jimmy Kimmel show. It will be nice to see her next to a desk.CBS, the network youre watching right now, announced all their new fall television programs, and we couldnt be more excited. They got a brand new half hour situation comedy, its all about a guy working for the New York Times, its called, Making It Up.Heres good news from Iraq, ladies and gentlemen, US forces have captured another bioterror lab on wheels. Right. But then later it just turned out to be a sidewalk falafel cart.Im so excited about the new Matrix movie. Are you excited about that? ... It is called Matrix reloaded and it is back with all your favorite machines, theres Lock, theres Morpheus, theres Al Gore.Do you have any idea what is happening right this very minute? A lunar eclipse, thats right, a lunar eclipse is going on right now. And for a half hour, the sky is completely dark, no light whatsoever. Or as the Iraqis call it, prime looting time.You know, Hillary Clinton, one of our Senators from the state of New York, has written a big book. Its a huge book about her, its a memoir about her life in the White House. And she was on the Barbara Walters show, and the highlight of the show is, this is great. I wish I had thought of it. They give Hillary a complete, like a radical makeover. And she is inadvertently hit on by Bill.?Did you see what made this week?s New York Times best seller list for fiction? What is number one on the New York Times best seller list for fiction? Do you know what it is? The New York Times.?Earlier tonight on NBC, they had a movie, a movie all about Martha Stewart, you know? Also known as the Eight of Clubs.Hey, listen to this. By the way, we have captured Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein earlier today. I guess its true, I read it in the New York Times. Maybe it is, maybe it isnt.The Broadway musical, Les Miserables...closed last night after 16 years and 6,600 performances. Yeah. Take that, France!A New York horse has now won two legs of the Triple Crown. Funny Cide over the weekend won the Preakness down there in Baltimore, a New York bred horse. Won the second jewel of the Triple Crown. And Funny Cide is from New York and is a gelding. And the gelding procedure was done to calm him down. And Hillary Clinton said, You can do that?Well, Saddam Husseins brother-in-law has been arrested by coalition forces. Thats good news, huh? They acted on a tip from Saddam Hussein.Let me get this straight. Saddams three ex-wives have fled the country. His brother-in-law has been arrested. Boy, were really making his life a living hell, arent we?By the way, I dont want to alarm anybody, but the terror alert system here in New York City, were now at a level orange. Level orange. So, have a great holiday, everybody!Let me tell you, that level orange, everybody in New York City is a little edgy. Today my cab driver panicked. Im driving to work and my cab driver panics when he spotted himself in the mirror.You have SARS, you have mad cow disease, you have the orange alert, Im telling you, the news is so bad the New York Times doesnt have to make it up.But its not all bad news, heres some good news. Crime in New York City is down, ladies and gentlemen, I think thats a lovely thing. Ill tell you how low the crime rate is right now. It must have been, I bet months since the last time I had to say, Now, did he fire five or six shots?Well, it is exciting developments in Times Squares. Madam Toussads Wax Museum unveiled the new statue of Jennifer Lopez. This statue is so lifelike, it was hit on by the statue of Bill Clinton.This cab driver, I guess from Queens or something, was arrested for trying to buy explosives. Yeah, everybody is a little nervous about this, and this morning Im driving to work and I was a little suspicious of my cab driver, because you know the photo ID that they have on the dashboard? This guys picture was on the Eight of Clubs.This exciting story from the world of sports, this weekend, Anika Sorenstam, is playing at a mens golf tournament...in Texas. The things a big event. First time a woman has played in the PGA in like 57 years or something like that. ... Its so important, the New York Times is pretending to send three reporters down there to cover it.The former Governor of New Jersey and head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Christine Todd Whitman, has resigned, did you hear about this? She quit. Two reasons, Bush felt she was too soft on decimating pristine wilderness. And she was too hung up on that breathable air issue.According to reports, Osama bin Laden is broke, he has no more money. Tough luck for the guy, hey? Hes apparently had to move to a cave in a cheaper neighborhood. Thats what he had to do.I thought this story was fascinating. Whitney Houston and her husband, Bobby Brown, have gone to Israel to meet with Ariel Sharon. I know youre thinking, Daves been reading the New York Times again.President Clinton wants a law that would allow former presidents to run again for President. You know? And I think thats a great idea, I mean, talk about a return to the golden age of comedy.Of course, President Bush is in France for the big G-8 summit, you know. And hes got quite a sense of humor, President Bush. And its interesting, every time somebody over there at the big G-8 summit says G-8, President Bush yells, Bingo!Earlier tonight over on NBC they had the annual Miss Universe pageant. ... I love the talent portion of the competition. And Miss Iraq was competing this year. And her talent was looting an appliance store.Miss New York was of course in the Miss Universe pageant. Her talent was breaking into a Lexus with a wire coat hanger while smoking a cigarette.Miss Canada was also in the Miss Universe pageant. She was wearing a bikini and a SARS mask.Well, George Bush, you know he left the G-8 convention, conference. whatever they call it, in France. Hes in Egypt right now. He is very excited. He said he always wanted to see where they taped the $20,000 Pyramid. Thats what he said.Here is some more bizarre information about Saddam Hussein. Apparently now he is not dead. He is hiding out in the suburbs of Baghdad. Do you believe that? Neighbors say that he is sullen, he is moody. He rarely comes out of the house. He sends bodyguards out for supplies. No, wait thats me.Hey, you know the number one movie in the country now is that cartoon, Finding Nemo. How many of you have seen Finding Nemo? Its a wonderful movie. Kids love it. I believe its based on a game that President Clinton used to play with the interns.Top 10 Things Agreed Upon At The G-8 Summit: 10. The G in G-8 stands for gravy. 9. Jacques Chiracs influence is severely hampered by his silly rhyming name. 8. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has a lovely singing voice. 7. If you leave Finding Nemo with a dry eye, call the morgue - youre dead! 6. The translator for the Russian delegation is a total babe. 5. You think relations in the Middle East are bad, check in with Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez in a couple of years. 4. The global economic downturn is the result of a glitch in the Matrix. 3. George W. Bush really has to stop saying, I could have had a G-8. 2. The summits in France, which means the New York Times reporter is probably in Brooklyn. 1. Whoever finds Saddam Hussein wins a 2003 Pontiac Aztek.And now, oh, my God, you know, Hillary Clinton, who is now Senator from New York and used to be, well, still is married to the President, you remember Bill Clinton? Well, when they were married and lived together in the White House there for eight years and shes got this huge book, its a memoir of her life and times in the White House. And in the book she says that when Bill told her he was having an affair, she said, and I thinks its a quote, she said, I could hardly breathe, I was gulping for air. No, no. Im sorry. Thats what Monica said.Hillary Clinton, by the way, is -- you know she has written a book with her memoirs, eight years in the White House. 600 page memoir. Thats amazing. 600 pages, think about it. Not bad for a woman who when she was there had no idea what was going on.Top Ten Surprises in the Barbara Walters-Hillary Clinton InterviewMost of interview, Barbara is obscured by giant Hillary In 2008 bannerAll the giggling, doing each others hair and talking about boysOnly question asked, Do you like pie?The slap fightInterview ended with a haunting rendition of Jim Croces Time in a BottleThe blatant product placement for SkoalAwkward silence after a handgun falls out of Hillarys purse and dischargesBills name never came upReferred to President Bush as that grinning monkey.It was such a nice day today, Martha Stewart was doing outsider trading.Heres something exciting. You know the Hillary Clinton book, the 600 page memoir about her 8 years in the White House? You think 600 pages for a woman who had no idea what was going on?Well, shes kicked off her big 30 city book tour to remind us what a private person she is.But she had a big book signing party today at Barnes and Noble, and listen to this, the first 50 people to show up got to sleep with Bill.Crime is down in New York City and its such a big story its a huge story. This is how big the story is. The New York Times now is pretending to have three reporters covering it.Well, Hillary Clinton -- this is exciting, Senator from New York used to be, I guess still is married to the former President. How many of you remember Bill and Hillary? She has brand new book out. Its a 608 page memoir of her eight years in the White House. You remember Hillary -- she is the cold, calculating blonde that wasnt fingerprinted yesterday.Yesterday at Barnes and Noble, Hillary Clinton had a book signing and a lot of people showed up. 1,200 people showed up. Thats amazing to have Hillary sign the book. Statistically speaking, that means one in ten of those people slept with her husband.You seem like a nice happy friendly crowd, and it really makes me feel good. Especially after the audience we had last night. You know, I dont want to talk about people when theyre not here, but, boy oh boy, were they rude. During the show they were listening to Hillarys book on tape.The crime rate in New York City is so low...seriously, the only people getting ripped off now are the folks buying Hillarys book.Have you folks read the new Hillary Clinton book? Its unbelievably successful. They have sold 200,000 copies of this book. Thats amazing, isnt it? You know what theyre going to do now, theyre adding a sex scandal to the new Harry Potter book.Hillarys book is a big hit, and the way Bill looks at it, its a win-win situation. Hillarys book being so successful is a win-win for Bill. Shes making a lot of money, and shes out on tour doing book signings. You see what Im saying?How many have read the Hillary Clinton book? Its a very popular book, you know, 200,000 copies. And extra popular with women. Women seem to love to buy this book. As a matter of fact even Winona Ryder paid for it.Couple of days ago, here in New York City, Hillary Clinton had a book signing and 1,200 people showed up. She signed so many copies of book that she had a blister on her right hand, and it was so bad that the next night, she had to slap Bill with her left.Doctors told Hillary to soak it in warm water, bandage it and rest it for a week. No wait a minute, thats what they told Bill.If you had told me three and a half years ago that Hillary Clinton would be back on this show, I would have said, well be on the air in three and a half years? Really? Really? Thats possible?According to reports now, have you heard this? Osama bin Laden, these are the reports we know about Osama bin Laden, this what is they say, hes broke, Osama bin Laden is broke, hes angry, thats right, and hes planning his revenge. Now, oh, wait a minute, Im sorry, thats what theyre saying about Martha Stewart.Sen. Hillary Clintons new book is a bona fide blockbuster. Its sold so many copies. Hillary is making so much money on this book, her husband is actually sleeping with her again.It was last night when she was on the program, she comes with a lot of security, Secret Service, security. When I came into the theater, I was searched, honest to God, I was frisked, I was patted down and kind of roughly groped. Im telling you, it was like being a Clinton intern.Top Ten Things Going Through Bushs Mind At This Moment [As He Fall Off Of A Segway Scooter]: 10. Damn you, Al Qaeda! 9. Im sure Thomas Jefferson fell off his Segway every now and then. 8. It looked so easy on the Jetsons. 7. I misunderestimated my center of gravity. 6. Thank God no one got a picture of this. 5. Only 4 days til Hulk! Only 4 days til Hulk! Only 4 days til Hulk! 4. Damn, this would give Cheney, like, 3 heart attacks. 3. Congratulations, Segway - you just joined the axis of evil! 2. To distract everyone, bomb the hell out of Syria. 1. AHHHHHH!New York City is safer now. Listen to this statistic. So far this year weve on had 254 murders. Murder, dont kid yourself, thats a low number for New York City, its way, way down, and its down because of Mayor Bloomberg with that $50 fine for murder.George W. Bush is having fundraising dinners, had one the other night and they served, for $2,000, you either got a hot dog or you got a hamburger. George W. Bush, by serving hot dogs and hamburgers, raised $3 million. Afterwards, guests got to ride with Dick Cheney in the ambulance.Heres good news. The US forces in Iraq have captured the Ace of Diamonds. Thats right, the Ace of Diamonds. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld says we are this close to gin.According to reports, Saddam Hussein has shaved off his mustache now, and he no longer dyes his hair. Hes trying to pass himself off as Alex Trebec.Saddam Husseins daughter says that her father is still alive and living in Baghdad. In fact, he just opened a carpet cleaning business with Sean Penn.How many of you folks read the Hillary Clinton biography? ... Its a huge best seller. Its crazy. Shes sold over like 200,000 copies, and shes making so much money that now shes cheating on Bill.A couple days ago President Bush there in Washington, they cleared off the lawn at the White House and they had a big barbecue for about 1,000 lawmakers and their wives and husbands and families and stuff. A big barbecue for 1,000 people. Thats a big task. Thats enormous. The contract, of course, went to Halliburton.Wrigley has developed a Viagra chewing gum. Did you read about that? A Viagra chewing gum. I believe they are calling it Clintine.Have you been following the story about Saddam Hussein? First of all they think hes dead. Then they think that hes not dead, then over the weekend they said no, no hes dead and were checking for DNA. Now the New York Times says, well, no, hes not dead. And Im just thinking, Well, gosh, I hope hes not dead, because hes supposed to be here guest hosting on Friday.Did you know this? President Bush is like two blocks away in town? Hes here on a big fundraiser, and Ill tell you, President Bush loves New York City because its a lot easier, a lot easier to find weapons of mass destruction in New York City. That aint a problem.I didnt realize, President Bush apparently injured his leg? He pulled a muscle in his leg, did you know about that? I didnt know anything about it. Yeah. Hes got like a bad leg, he pulled a muscle in his leg. And its the first time Bush has pulled a leg since that story about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction.A Day In The Life Of Saddam Hussein: 6:00 AM - Wakes up, looks in mirror, and says, Holy crap, I am really still alive! 8:30 AM - Checks help wanted ads in Ruthless Dictator magazine. 10:00 AM - Tries to dig up hidden weapons of mass destruction, but cant find them either. 12:30 PM -- To stay sharp, tortures himself. 1:00 PM -- Risks capture by going to McDonalds to get Finding Nemo Happy Meal toys. 1:15 PM - Kicks off the summer at the yearly Homicidal Son-Psychotic Father picnic. 1:30 PM - At meeting of advisers, awkward moment when he accidentally calls the 3 of Clubs the 10 of Spades. 2:00 PM - Sends Dr. Germ a dozen roses for her work on the monkeypox outbreak. 3:30 PM - Reads with satisfaction that Mayor Bloombergs approval ratings are lower than his. 4:45 PM - Pilates. 6:00 PM - Sits around drinking and watching old clips from the information minister claiming that Iraq is winning. 9:30 PM - Places third in 15th Annual Burt Reynolds Look-A- Like Contest.The CIA is using the DNA testing to determine if Saddam Hussein is dead or alive. Yeah. Coincidentally its the same method the Democrats used on Al Gore.Apparently the US military obtained samples of Saddam Hussein DNA from a Baath Party intern.George W. Bush, our President was in town. $2,000 a plate fundraiser. $2,000 a plate, or as tourists call it, room service.He comes in at 5:00, and at the fundraiser, George W. Bush spoke for 25 minutes and that was just trying to pronounce the menu.But the Bush fundraiser was $2,000 a head, making it the most expensive head that did not cause an impeachment.Top 10 Signs That You Are In Love With Democratic Presidential Candidate Howard Dean: 10. Youve actually heard of him. 9. Whenever he discusses plan to revitalize economy, you get goosebumps. 8. You named your cats Howard,Dean, and Six-Term Governor Howard Dean. 7. Youll only watch movies featuring Ron Howard or Harry Dean Stanton. 6. When you hear a report on the radio about a highway accident, you murmur, Please God, dont let Howard Dean be involved. 5. Constantly complain rival candidate Dennis Kucinich isnt Howardly enough. 4. Changed outfit four times before watching appearance on Meet the Press. 3. You stand by him despite the fact his infidelities embarrassed you in front of the entire..oh, wait a minute, wrong Democrat. 2. When he announced his candidacy, you didnt laugh your ass off. 1. Youre actually considering wasting a vote on him.You folks remember Iraqis information minister, Baghdad Bob? You remember him. Well, they have arrested this guy now and he is in custody and he was asked for a comment. He said, Im not arrested. Im in Miami Beach on vacation.But according to reports Iraqis are afraid that Saddam Hussein is alive and may come back to power. Coincidently, thats the same fear the Democrats have about Al Gore.Top Ten Things The Iraqi Information Minister Has Admitted Since Being Captured: 10. Okay, Iraq didnt win the war. It was a tie. 9. Iraqs weapons scientists were secretly developing our own hulk. 8. Tariq Aziz had botox. 7. Saddam Husseins not the innocent angel everyone thinks he is. 6. Dr. Germ looks really hot when shes synthesizing VX gas. 5. You picked the right guy for the Queen of Clubs if you know what I mean. 4. Howard Dean will win the 2004 election. 3. Uday Husseins birth name - Gary. 2. Ive been offered a job as editor of the New York Times. 1. The rumors are true - Im dating Ashton Kutcher.Here is good news out of Iraq, the Iraqi minister of information. Do you remember this guy during the war? Baghdad Bob, this was the guy. He was captured by [US] forces and when they grabbed him he said this, he said, You cant arrest me, Im Batman.According to a new poll, voters in the US would be reluctant to give President Bush a second term. Isnt that kind of a prize? Strictly speaking we really didnt give him a first term.A man in Arkansas has been in a coma for 19 years. And he finally woke up. Isnt that amazing? Hes out cold for 19 years, and now hes back conscious and alive. And they are being very, very cautious with him. Right now they are slowly talking him through the Clinton Administration.The White House is saying that the part about purchasing uranium, Iraq buying the uranium, that should never have been in the State of the Union speech and Bush is very angry about it. Its a huge embarrassment. You know how many hours it took Bush to learn how to pronounce uranium? Thats what hes upset about.You know, President and Mrs. Bush were traveling in Africa, and while they were there they saw two elephants mating. I believe this is the first time the wife of a President has seen something like this, well, I guess since Hillary walked into the Oval Office.I was thinking about this, the country right now is at war. Our economy is bad. $455 billion deficit, and Democrats are saying, How are we going to beat this guy?Speaking of Presidents, up in Chappaqua, where former President Clinton lives, theres a thrift store. He is selling his old clothing. You can go in the thrift store and buy old Bill Clinton clothes, or as it used to be known, evidence.Anybody here visiting from Ohio, the Buckeye State? Well, you people must be excited about Jerry Springer running for Senate, huh?Dont underestimate Jerry. And I mean, hes got the moms who dress like sluts vote locked up.Jerrys goal is to bring trashy sex back to the Oval Office, thats his goal.The White House is blaming the CIA for the faux pas in the State of the Union speech. You know what theyre talking about? George Bush in the State of the Union speech said that Iraq is trying to buy uranium from Africa, and now the CIA is saying we said that wasnt the case, and the White House said that wasnt the case. Sounds to me like something got punked.You know, President Clinton and his wife, Valerie -- Hillary -- live up the road in Chappaqua, and somehow a thrift store is selling all of Bill Clintons old clothing. And I guess how this works is you get tired of wearing your clothes and you take them to the thrift store, so now you can go up to Chappaqua and buy old Bill Clinton clothing. And Im thinking, man, this is quite an opportunity, now can you get into his pants.The Emmy nominations were announced earlier today. We were -- we here at the Late Show were lucky enough to receive four nominations. Were in a weird category this year. Were up against Jackass and a Baghdad Bob press conference.Here is good news. Jerry Springer is running for Senate. Democrats are very excited about this. How many folks from Ohio? How would you like to have Jerry Springer as one of your senators? The guy screams awesome, sure, yeah.Dont kid yourself. The Democrats are very excited because this could be the new embarrassing sex scandal they have been hoping for to put them right back on the map.To raise money, the President Clinton Library -- they are building a library down there in Little Rock, Arkansas, I believe. They have published the presidential cookbook. It features all of President Clintons favorite recipes. Not surprisingly, his favorite dessert, Impeached Cobbler.His favorite pizza recipe -- cheese and pepperoni, delivered by a naive intern.I had a -- you ever have one of those days, like a tough day, a hard day, a frustrating day? Im at my wits end. Do you have any idea how hard it is to buy uranium from Africa? Its virtually impossible. I was on Ebay all day.Talk about something disturbing. Listen to this. Have you heard about these reports. To raise money now, Al Qaeda, you did he what they are doing? They are making designer jeans. Isnt that crazy? I believe they are available at the Gap for Lunatics. Thats the only place you are going to get them.Mars, the angry red planet, and earth have going at the about the closest they have been -- its so close, Mars is so close to earth that Hillary Clinton is there on a book tour.Speaking of the Clintons, you know they just live up the road there in Chappaqua. Bill Clinton is donating his clothing to a thrift store. Here is one warning, if you buy used clothing from Bill Clinton, be prepared for your dry cleaner to say, Sorry, we tried everything.President George W. Bush has a ranch down in Crawford, Texas, and over the weekend he hosted Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi, or as George Bush calls him, Carlos.Happy birthday to Janet Reno, shes 65 years old today. Janet Reno -- you folks, of course, remember her as the original Hulk.Latest news from British intelligence, Saddam Hussein was this close, this close to buying cryptonite. British intelligence. Thats what they said.Earlier today, it has been confirmed I believe, earlier, yes today, Saddam Husseins two sons were killed by US forces in Baghdad. The third son, Little Joe, escaped.Former President Clinton -- how many of you remember? Hes on a diet and he has had pretty good luck with his diet. As a matter of fact he has lost so much weight you can now actually see his intern.Uday and Qusay, you heard about this? They were hiding in a villa owned by their cousin. So the two sons of Saddam Hussein, thats where theyre hiding out, they go to a cousins house and US forces have to use machine guns, antitank missiles, they had to use attack helicopters, and Im telling you, thats what it takes to get relatives out of your house.So now Uday and Qusay are dead and sadly, they did not get to try out the new Baghdad McDonalds.They say that Uday and Qusay were videotaped going into their cousins house. Sounds to me like somebody got punkd. Somebody got punkd.Time now for celebrity birthday. Today Monica Lewinsky, 30 years old. 30 years old today. Boy, how time flies, it seems like only yesterday she was crawling around on the floor of the Oval Office.Uday and Qusay Hussein are gone, and Saddam only has two sons left. Its Germane and Tito. Thats all.Did you hear how they found out where Qusay and Uday were staying? They were at a cousins house and they got a tip, they think maybe from the owner of the house. So they are visiting their cousins, Uday and Qusay, and they videotaped them. They were like punkd going in.Now, the US forces show us, because they know Uday and Qusay are in the house, they used antitank missiles to get them out. They used helicopters to get them out. They used grenades to get them out. I tell you when, I want my relatives out of my house, all I do is cut off the booze.Here is news from the world of show business. Sharon Stone will be playing Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie. Sharon Stone will be playing the part of Hillary Clinton married to Bill Clinton. I was thinking if Hillary Clinton in real live actually looked like Sharon Stone -- theres a good chance Bill would not have been impeached.I hate talking about people who are not here, but boy did this audience stink last night. Just listen to this. Halfway through the show they wanted to have me replaced with Arnold Schwarzenegger. It was awful.Uday and Qusay Hussein were gunned down over there in Mosul in Iraq by US forces. These guys were tough. They were at the top of the most wanted list and they were considered very dangerous. As were nearly as dangerous as a Boston priest, as a matter of fact.To prove to the people of Iraq that they were dead, the US decided to release photos of Uday and Qusay. Those photos were not pretty. They were gruesome. They were awful photos, but still not as bad as Nick Noltes mug shot.Are you folks excited about the big Seabiscuit movie that opens today? You know, you know the story here. Seabiscuit won like two big races, and then was put out to stud. Its the same plan they had for Bill Clinton.Everybody is talking about Uday and Qusay Hussein, they were gunned down last week and everybody is still talking about it. You know how they were captured, they were turned in by a relative. And I believe thats the same way they nailed Martha Stewart.The US released photos of Uday and Qusay after they had been gunned down, and did you see them? They were gruesome, oh, my God, I havent seen a face so grotesquely disfigured since, well, like Michael Jackson.Here is some good news, the US government says it is hot on the trail of Saddam Hussein. ... You know, when they say they are hot on the trail, you what that means, it means a year from now, the US government will be saying they are hot on the trail of Saddam Hussein.They say that Saddam is alone. They say he is isolated, but he still has more loyal followers than California Governor Gray Davis.You know last week, they gunned down Saddam Husseins sons. They gunned down, it was Uday and Qusay. They looked at the stuff they left behind. Uday had a briefcase that contained cheap vodka, underwear, cologne. The cologne is when you run out of cheap vodka.A suitcase full of cologne, vodka, underwear, and Viagra. Coincidentally, thats what President Bush found when he moved into the Oval Office.Theres a new audio tape from Saddam Hussein. Last week Uday and Qusay bit the dust, and now...now theres a new audio tape from Saddam Hussein, and you can tell that its authentic, and you can tell that its current because in the audio tape he mentions the Liza Minelli split.But they say now that Saddam Hussein is hiding and that hes being sheltered by friends. I cant believe it, this guy has more of a life than I do.He may have altered his appearance, Saddam Hussein, they think he may are altered his appearance. And if not, the 101st Airborne can do it for him.Oh, you know last week it was Uday and Qusay, adios! Which is too bad, because we had been trying to get them on the show.Now there are rumors that Saddam Hussein himself is hiding with his last few loyalists. No, wait a minute, thats California Governor Gray Davis.See what you think of this. President Bush is leaving to go to Crawford, Texas for a 35-day working vacation. This should go over big with all the people taking a cant get work vacation.The White House says that the vacation in Texas will give President Bush the chance to unwind. Unwind -- my question is, when does the guy wind?Here is good news, now you can buy a set of President Clinton, Bill Clinton trading cards. You know like the baseball cards, these are presidential. These are Bill Clinton trading cards. And the pack comes with bubble gum so you can feel just like a Clinton intern.Today, Martha Stewart is 62 years old. Unbelievable, isnt it? Martha, she celebrated quietly with a few close lawyers.Heres good news, President Bush is now on his 35-day vacation. How many of you folks get a 35-day vacation? Well, it gives him a chance to unwind and of course the question is, well, when does he wind?Hes down there on vacation in Crawford, Texas and before he left he had his annual physical and got a clean bill of health, green light, everything is fine. And they think its because he stays in pretty good cardiovascular condition, he works out every day on an elliptical trainer. And former President Clinton used to work out...now, wait a minute. President Clinton would work out on a stationary intern.Were all excited because President Bush has started his 35-day vacation. How many of you folks every year get a 35-day vacation? Okay. He is down in there in Crawford, Texas. On the first day of his vacation he went fishing. He didnt find any fish, but he believes they are there and that his intelligence is accurate.Before he left on his vacation, he went for his annual physical and the checkup and they said everything is perfect. They said hes in great shape considering all of the pressure and stress of his job. They said he is fantastic. He has the body of 40-year-old -- wait a minute, thats Ashton Kutcher.You know what makes me feel good? George W. Bush is still on his 35 day vacation. Hell, I didnt get 35 days off when I had my bypass surgery!According to reports, Korea, North Korea and Iran are working together to make nuclear warheads. Thats pretty frightening isnt it? You know, if they wanted to make a huge bomb, what they really ought to do is bring in Ben and J-Lo.Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he is running for governor of California. Pretty exciting dont you think? I missed the whole thing. The one night, the one night that I forget to watch Leno and this happens.Its official. Arnold said that he will enter the race for governor. At least that is what everybody thinks he said.President Bush has been silent on Schwarzenegger. Of course he cant pronounce Schwarzenegger.Well, its day four of President Bushs 35-day vacation. Is it me or is the country seem to be running a little more smoothly?President Bush is spending his vacation down there on the family ranch in Crawford, Texas. Nice time to be down there. Its about 140. Earlier today he went out looking for stray cows. He couldnt find any but he is confident they are there and that he is using good intelligence.I still cant get over this, President Bush is on a 35 day vacation. Do you folks get 35 days off a year? You dont get 35 days off a year and do you know why you dont? Because at your job, they need you.Well, you probably heard about this. Arnold Schwarzenegger is running for governor in California. Yeah. He announced it last night on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, or at least thats what people think he said.Arnold is the first body builder to run for governor since Janet Reno. Did you know that?Looks like Al Gore may be thinking about getting back into it. He gave an anti-war speech to a college crowd. It was a riveting speech. You know how exciting riveting is.President Bush, God bless him, is on a 35 day vacation. Before he left he had his annual physical. He had his checkup and it turns out, thank God for this. This is a blessing. He is in great shape. Fantastic shape. His cholesterol now is actually lower than his approval rating.President Bush is just a regular guy. What he likes to do when he is on vacation, he goes down there to the Crawford Ranch in Texas where he has the ranch. Its lovely, August its about 145 degrees. He goes down there and he loves to go fishing. He is a big fisherman. President Bush is a big fisherman. A lot of presidents are -- for example, Clinton was a big fisherman. Clinton liked to go out looking for the large mouthed intern.Thank God everybody survived the big blackout. ... But the darkness enveloped New York, it was so dark up in Chappaqua, Bill Clinton actually got into bed with his wife.Well, now you probably know the latest poll shows that Arnold Schwarzenegger, Arnold Schwarzenegger is trailing Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante in the polls. Thats insane! I mean, think about it, this guy Cruz Bustamante has never even been in a movie!They finally found out what triggered the blackout. How many of you were here for the big blackout last week? And it went as far west as Ohio and Detroit and it was all up and down the Eastern seaboard, and they found out the cause. Heres what caused that blackout. A fat guy in Canada...is cooking baloney on his George Foreman grill.I had my hands full today. Whoo Nelly! My mom chained herself to that Ten Commandments monument.You know, that big Ten Commandments monument has been removed from the courthouse in Alabama. Did you hear about this? Its been replaced, I believe, with 8 Simple Rules For Dating My Daughter.Well, you know the big holiday coming up, I guess its Monday, its Labor Day. You looking forward to Labor Day? Ill tell you who hates Labor Day. President Bush hates Labor Day because it means he only has three more weeks of summer vacation.Im kind of embarrassed to admit this. Did you ever get buyers remorse? I woke up this morning and I said to myself, What the hell am I going to do with a 2 ton monument of the Ten Commandments.Earlier tonight, it was the MTV music video music awards. All of the big names were there -- 50 Cent, Ben Affleck, Ludicrous...no, wait, Im thinking of the California recall election.Somebody found an old interview in which Arnold Schwarzenegger said he used to spend a lot of time smoking pot and hanging around hookers. So Im thinking a Republican all Californians can get behind.Its tax-free shopping week. Are you aware of this? You go shopping, any purchase under $110, no tax. Its great. Everybody is taking advantage of it. Not surprisingly, earlier today, President Clinton got a womans dress half off.According to reports, Osama bin Laden is hosting a terrorism summit in Afghanistan. Osama bin Laden, its like a convention for terrorists in Afghanistan. You know what that means? 5,000 name tags that read Mohammed.You probably heard about this. Hes on vacation. He deserves a break, President Bush. So he was winding up his 35-day vacation. How many of you get a 35-day vacation? Theyre nice, arent they? He dropped the family dog, Barney. He dropped the dog, dropped the dog right on its head. Dropped Barney on his head. Apparently Barney is all right, but coincidentally President Clinton also once dropped a dog...now, wait a minute. I believe he just left a message on her machine.According to reports, Osama bin Laden had a big terrorism convention in Afghanistan. Honest to God. 5,000 people, they believe attended the terrorism convention in Afghanistan. And that by the way, is why you could not get a cab in New York City today.Federal insiders believe that the terrorism convention in Afghanistan went okay. It was okay. They said. But next year they are going back to Atlantic City.Have you heard about this? Senator John Kerry from Massachusetts announced that he is running for president. What do you think? Yeah, okay. Dont kid yourself, the guy is desperate. Today he went in for a queer makeover.George Bush is starting to attack the economy. He gave a very forceful speech about the economy. You could tell he was serious because he kept pounding his dog on the podium.But in the speech, Bush promised that his Administration will work to keep jobs -- will work to keep jobs. Yeah, his and Dick Cheneys.Theres apparently a new audio tape from Saddam Hussein. Another recent audio tape from Saddam Hussein. He puts out about one a week or so now. You can tell it is recent because in it he congratulates Jerry Lewis on raising $60 million.Saddam Hussein moves every two hours to avoid capture. Are you listening Martha? You hear what Im saying? You could move every two hours to avoid capture.According to the reports, Osama bin Laden has been holding a terrorism convention in the mountains of Afghanistan. Its crazy, isnt it? 5,000 terrorists attended, name tags, hello, my name is Muhammad.The highlight of the convention was the demonstration of the new suicide turban.But I understand it was a lot of fun. Convention goers had their pictures taken with Uday and Qusay impersonators.I thought this was a good sign, returning to White House tours, they had suspended the White House tours for awhile. Now the White House tours are back. And any time you go down to Washington to visit, you can take the White House tour. Its a little different under the Bush Administration than it was the Clinton Administration. For example, the tour guides now, they no longer have to knock on the Oval Office door. Are you decent? Can I -- can we come in?Last night, whoa. What a rough crowd. They were horrible. They had just gotten back from egging Arnold Schwarzenegger.You know this story by now, a couple of days ago in California, Arnold Schwarzenegger is campaigning in Long Beach, someone lobs an egg on him. Bingo. Not to be outdone, Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante had himself pelted with a Spanish omelet.Last weekend, President Bush dropped his dog Barney on the dogs head. You see that? Today Al Qaeda claimed full responsibility.Today, Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked to explain his way of fixing the California economy. Heres what he did. He hit himself with an egg and ran away.Its getting ugly out there. The governor, the recall Governor, Gray Davis, was making fun of Arnold Schwarzeneggers accent. He said if you want to be governor of California, you have to be able to pronounce it. And so, this upset Arnold, and Arnold said to be governor of California, you should be able to govern it.How many of you folks saw President Bush on the television last night with his speech about Iraq? Well, you know what hes asking Congress for, $80 billion to help rebuild Iraq. $80 billion. When you make out that check, remember there are two ls in Halliburton.President Bush said he needs that $80 billion to rebuild Iraqs infrastructure, to rebuild Iraqs economy, and to rebuild Iraqs electrical grid. And if it works in Iraq, then hes going to try it in this country, to see what happens.Honestly, I watched the President, I thought it was a pretty impressive speech, except for the part where he dropped his dog on its head.The US mint now is, they are making new $20 bills. Were you aware of this? Instead of being green and drab gray and black they are going to be peach colored. Honest to God. This is a fantastic idea, and the government is hoping that this will distract us from the fact that we have fewer of them.Iraqis are now getting regular garbage pick up service. And Im thinking Well, when are we going to get that here?President Bush, to help stabilize the situation in Iraq, wants $87 billion. Why is he asking us? He can get this in one Republican fundraiser.Peter Ueberroth, how many of you remember him? He was the commissioner of baseball, and also president of the US Olympic Committee when they had the Olympics in Los Angeles. Well, he was running for governor, now hes dropped out. So Peter Ueberroth dropped out. The guy who makes his living pretending to kill people, hes still running.New York City now has an official beverage. Were you aware of this? The city has signed like a multimillion dollar contract with Snapple, and Snapple is now the official beverage of New York City. And Im thinking, Wait a minute, what happened to gin in a brown paper bag.Dont kid yourself, fall is in the air. Can you feel it? Earlier today, Arnold Schwarzenegger was hit with a pumpkin.Theres a new video from Osama bin Laden. The thing I find disturbing, you can tell Osama, and hes just weird, but hes getting more and more video savvy, connected to the video world. Theres a brief cameo by Johnny Depp.Ive seen the video, and you know what Im talking about, Osama looks good. Hes got a shorter beard, theres less gray, looks like somebody had a queer makeover. Thats what it looks like.A tough night for us, we did not win an Emmy last night. And not only that, but the one we won last year -- theyre trying to recall.This just in, the California Supreme Court has postponed Jennifer Lopez wedding until March.Turning our attention to the world of global politics, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is in New York City today. Were you aware of that? Maybe you had trouble in traffic? Hes speaking at the UN. And what are the odds of this, his cab drivers name today was Bob Smith.Arnold Schwarzenegger has a new campaign slogan, you know what it is? Its Join me. Thats the new campaign slogan for Arnold Schwarzenegger. I believe its a shortened version of the old President Clinton campaign slogan, which was, Join me in room 341.According to polls, retired General Wesley Clark now leads all Democratic candidates. If Clark, do you know Wesley Clark? Have you seen him? If he looks familiar, I believe he is the same guy in the Lipitor ads.The other Democratic candidates are getting worried. Joe Lieberman is worried about the popularity of Wesley Clark. Today, he replaced his wife with Bonnie Hunt.And George Bush was in town. He was going to go over to the UN and make a big speech at the UN. And before his address to the General Assembly, he met with Kofi Annan, you know, or as Bush likes to call him, Rico.There are reports now that Saddam Hussein is in hiding and he is running out of hair. Crazy? Im sorry, did I say Saddam Hussein? I meant Martha Stewart.You can tell that its autumn in New York because yesterday, President Bush got a chilly reception.Well, theyve got like a dozen Democrats now, and looks like this retired General Wesley Charge is the frontrunner, he comes from like two weeks ago, he wasnt in the race until bang now of a sudden hes the frontrunner, and you know, it was, I guess he owes it all to the queer makeover.Earlier tonight there was a debate of the California gubernatorial candidates, and this was the first debate that Arnold Schwarzenegger has participated in. And he insisted that the final debate segment be the clean and jerk.You folks been watching the survivor show on the CBS network? Anybody? They have a grocery clerk. They have a former Marine. They have a lawyer, they have a bartender -- they have a mortician. Sorry, those are the Democratic candidates for president.Arnold Schwarzenegger got into a huge debate with Arianna Huffington about immigration. They were going back forth and back and forth, and finally immigration came in and hauled them both away.But for the Democratic presidential candidate, you know who the frontrunner is now? This retired General Wesley Clark. Are you familiar with this guy? If Clark looks familiar, he is the guy on the Fixodent commercials saying, Now can I eat corn on the cob.Wesley Clark is being coached by former President Clinton. Yeah. I believe this is the first time a general is being advised by a pot smoking draft dodger.By the way, George W. Bush has asked Congress for $87 billion to rebuild the New York Jets. Did you know that?Oh, anybody here from California by the way? How much longer do you suppose that will be a state, California?But its amazing, Arnold Schwarzenegger is now the frontrunner in the polls. He is the run away leader in the polls. Isnt that remarkable? As a matter of fact, Arnold is so confident that he is posing naked again.According to US intelligence, Saddam Hussein is in hiding. I guess we knew he was in hiding. And he is running out of hair dye. And they say he is so desperate that last night he sneaked into west Baghdad for a queer makeover.Wesley Clark, two weeks ago he announces. Now he is the frontrunner. Listen to this. Over the weekend he is at a Democratic fundraiser and he is explaining how he believes in the time travel. Paging Al Gore. Paging Al Gore.So today, Clark time traveled to the Democratic convention and found out that he wasnt nominated because of stupid time traveling remarks.In California, Arnold Schwarzenegger is so confident about winning this election that he is having group sex again.I have to tell you something, you are here on a great night. The entire balcony is filled with exposed CIA agents.The new frontrunner is former General Wesley Clark. He is at a fundraiser last weekend. He tells people there that he believes its possible to time travel. Travel at the speed of light. Thats what he tells them. As a matter of act earlier today he went back in time to remove his foot from his mouth.And also Clark said he wont be campaigning this weekend. He will be at Fords Theater saving Abe Lincoln.Vice President Cheney is building a bomb shelter. Building a bomb shelter. Our Vice President going to have himself a bomb shelter. I was thinking to myself gosh, if the guy is serious about surviving, how about having a salad every now and then.Rush Limbaugh made controversial remarks about Philadelphia Eagles quarterback, Donovan McNabb, and he resigned his job. And hes out of a gig. Im thinking its too bad, because Rush was looking so good after that queer makeover.You know the Democrats. Theres about a hundred Democrats that want to be president, and they all seem to be about the same. And then retired General Wesley Clark comes along and hes the frontrunner. Do you know General Wesley Clark? Are you familiar with him? Yeah. Hes a good looking guy. Hes at a fundraiser and tells people he believes in time travel. Paging Al Gore. Paging Al Gore.So right after the fundraiser, he tells people he believes in time travel, excuses himself and goes back to warn General Custer.Some bad news for Arnold Schwarzenegger. The LA Times accuses Arnold Schwarzenegger of groping six women. Six women. Im telling you, this guy is presidential material.Heres what was odd about that. The LA Times accuses him of groping six women, and out of habit, Hillary Clinton forgave him.Its Friday, its a big day for President Clinton. His protege, Wesley Clark, is doing well in the polls, and Halle Barry is now single.The people of California are just desperate. If Arnold Schwarzenegger cant change the state theyre going to change over to Iraqi rule.A guy here in New York City in like a one bedroom apartment or studio apartment has a 400 pound tiger. 400 pound tiger. ... They crawled up in a window above the tiger and they shot him with tranquilizer darts, and then they were able to put him in a net and carried him out of the building that way. I believe is the same way that ESPN got rid of Rush Limbaugh.Last minute, all of this trouble, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the campaign they have the new slogan, are you aware of it? Win one for the groper!The Los Angeles Times reported that Arnold was groped by six women, that was the official count, six women. Two more gropes and hes an honorary priest.Heres how dumb I am. Ive heard so much about the Arnold Schwarzenegger and the Gray Davis. And for some reason, I wake up and go looking for a high school gym to vote.Arnold Schwarzenegger is very shrewd. This morning he tried to expand his lead by groping minorities.According to the business bureau, in the last five years, the population of California has decreased by 250,000. In the last five years, a quarter of a million people have left California. I cant wait until tomorrow.They were able to shoot the 400 pound tiger found in a Harlem apartment with tranquilizer darts and then trapped him in a net and hauled him off. Its the same method they use to get Arnold Schwarzenegger off movie sets.Listen to this, here is how strange life can be. One day you are Governor of the state of California, and the next day you are in Long Beach running Gray Davis Pontiac.But you know Arnold says that while hes governor, he wont make I any more movies. No more movies. Im thinking to myself, maybe we can get Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez to run for office.I have some good news. This weekend, Mom, my Mom, my Mom did a great deal of soul searching and she has decided to stand by Rush.Congratulations to our old friends, former President Bill Clinton and Senator Hillary Clinton, theyve been married 28 years. Its their 28th wedding anniversary, thats right. This weekend, 28th wedding anniversary. Bill celebrated by going out and getting laid.Osama bin Laden apparently now has turned the running of Al Qaeda over to his son. Hes got a son now who is in charge of Al Qaeda, and the kids name is Gary, is it? But the kid says that he will be more accessible than his father is what he said, and he told his followers, he said, My cave is always open.Now US authorities believe that Saddam Hussein is actually hiding in his hometown of Tikrit. This is fascinating when you think about it, how the world works. One day, youve got 12 palaces, and the next day youre living with your parents, Mort and Adele Hussein.And last night, and God forbid, I hate talking about people when theyre not here, but last nights the audience was rough, rough crowd last night. Heres what happened, during the program they were using their cell phones to order prescription painkillers.Theres this foul ball, and you saw it, and they say that a kid may have prevented the Cubs outfielder from making the catch. ... And then security hustled the guy out of Wrigley Field, and the Bush Administration believes now that he is hiding in the mountainous region between the Afghanistan and Pakistani border.Rush Limbaugh is in rehab, and am I, am I the only one that thinks we were better off with him sedated?Limbaughs housekeeper calls the National Enquirer and she said that she delivered enough prescription painkillers to kill an elephant. Wow. Well, apparently not.Maybe you can tell. Im a little on edge. Im a little jumpy. Im a little kind of beside myself. Today is my first full day of prescription pain killers.As you know, radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh is addicted to prescription pain killers and went into rehab. He has been in there three or four days. Apparently he is doing unbelievably well. Earlier today he announced his engagement to Elizabeth Taylor.According to rumors, now Saddam Hussein is being hidden by relatives in his hometown. Wait a minute -- now thats that Chicago cubs fan who tried to catch the -- forget that.Yesterday in California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor-elect met with President Bush. Its amazing if you think about it. It was the Terminator and the One Terminator.I feel sorry for that kid who went to the Cubs game and tried to catch the foul ball in game number six. ... But according to the latest reports, the fan is being hidden by Baath Party loyalists in the town of Tikrit.Rush Limbaugh, you know Rush Limbaugh? Yeah. He got fired at ESPN and it turned out he was using prescription pain killers, Rush Limbaugh. Now he is in rehabilitation. Its going pretty well. Its interesting. One minute you are Rush Limbaugh, you are a great conservative radio talk show host. And the next day you are standing in line with other patients waiting for Daryl Strawberrys autograph.Tonight, here in our studio audience tonight, the entire balcony was picked up at a raid at Wal-Mart.Now we know how they can sell everything for such low, low prices. They werent paying anybody.Today, Governor-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger is paying a visit to President Bush in Washington, DC. And I was thinking about this. Yeah, I think now is a great time for him to be leaving California, nothing really big going there.By the way, Governor-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger is in Washington, DC. Yeah. Its pretty exciting, dont you think? He and Ted Kennedy went to lunch. Yeah, your state is on fire, what do you do? A three martini lunch with Ted Kennedy. Thats what you do.Its an interesting time. Arnold is in Washington, DC, and this is the first time a former Mr. Universe has been to Capitol Hill since Janet Reno.The whole nation is caught up in Halloween. President Bush went trick- or-treating. He went as a one term president.Last night at 11:58 I became a father! ... I also got a call from former President Bill Clinton. That was very nice. He gave me some advice. He told me to challenge the DNA.The CBS miniseries on Ronald Reagan has been pulled because it is too controversial. Thats too controversial, but they had no problem with the Hitler movie?Howard Dean, in a recent interview, he admitted that he used to drink and smoke pot. So now all he needs to put him over the top is a sex scandal.Did you hear the news former New York City Mayor Giuliani is thinking about running for governor. Did you hear about that? Thats exciting. Hes serious about this because he is already posing naked and having group sex.How many of you remember former President Bill Clinton? You know, you know what has happened to him since went on a diet and he has lost 30 pounds. Thats amazing, isnt it? He lost 30 pounds. So now his pants fall around his ankles when he is not having sex.There was a scary development down there in Washington yesterday, a small plane entered White House air space. Its always a little frightening when that happens. President Bush was rushed to an undisclosed fundraiser.The Democrats are filibustering the Republicans in Congress and now the Republicans say theyll filibuster back. Its going back and forth like a perpetual filibuster. By the way, this is the kind of government we hope to bring to Iraq.Good news, Rush Limbaugh is out of rehab, ladies and gentlemen, after being gone for a month. He sobered up and realized he is a liberal Democrat.The FBI broke into a New York City ice cream store, busted in. And they jumped them and shut them down because they were laundering funds for Al Qaeda. An ice cream store right here in New York. Do you know the one? Its just up on Third Avenue. Its Mohamed and Jerrys.Democratic candidate Dennis Kucinich, he is one of the eight or nine guys running for President and he says that he looking for a wife. He says he wants to get married so he can run as a married candidate. And when Bill Clinton heard this he said, Hey, take mine. Go ahead. Whatever you want.Boy, Im so happy you people are here because we had an audience Friday night, you remember those folks? I hate talking about people when theyre not here, but my God! They were, talk about barbarians! Talk about a rough crowd. Halfway through the show, they demanded self rule.Well, I want to tell you, things are back to normal at my house. Rush Limbaughs voice is booming out of moms trailer.Rush is back on the air, you know he was away for a month at drug rehab. And hes happy now to be off the drugs, and hes gone back to being addicted to pie. Thats what hes addicted to now.I thought this showed real progress, the US will help the Iraqi nation write their own constitution, and their constitution will be almost exactly like ours. So thats a pretty good thing, dont you think? Yeah. And theyre serious about it, they have even found a guy to sign it named Ahmed Hancock.Big day, anybody here from California? Congratulations, they finally put your state out, so you can go home.Earlier today Arnold Schwarzenegger officially became governor of California. So congratulations to Arnold Schwarzenegger. And after the inauguration, Arnold wasted no time, he got right down to groping.Today was the second day Rush Limbaugh was back on the air. How many of you have heard Rush Limbaugh since he has been back from drug rehabilitation? How many of you miss the mellower, drug-addled Rush?My mom has been so inspired by Rush, she is giving up booze.Rush Limbaugh spent five weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic. And he says he is a new man, a brand new man. And as a matter of fact, he said he is head over heels in love with Liza Minelli.Maybe you heard about this, Federal agents raided Michael Jacksons Neverland Ranch out there in Santa Barbara. Im telling you, this doesnt look good, people are going to start saying this guy is peculiar. And apparently Michael Jackson was so upset he contacted Rush Limbaughs housekeeper to get some sedatives.First Rush Limbaugh, now Michael Jackson. Moms whole world is crumbling.Good news! California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger says he is going to cut the California budget in half. You know how hes going to do this? With a giant Conan sword!President Bush is in England, staying at Buckingham Palace. There are over 200 Secret Service agents there to protect him - from Prince Charles.President Bush and Queen Elizabeth have much in common. Both of them came to power unelected.Everyone is getting the cold or flu. Rush Limbaugh had his housekeeper go buy him some Nyquil.We had, of course, we had the annual big Letterman family Thanksgiving dinner, and sadly, my uncle Earl could not attend. Did not make it. He was detained at an airport in Yemen.You hear about this? President Bush flew over to Baghdad, had dinner with the troops. How about that? Yeah, it was it was $1,000 a plate.But Bush surprised the troops in Baghdad. I understand that [Bush will do] anything to get out of having dinner with Cheney at the ranch.How many of you folks saw the parade earlier? What do you think? Its an amazing spectacle, and like the Bullwinkel balloon is pulled by 70 guys hanging on to big long tethers, cables, long lines. 70 guys to pull along the balloon. Its the same way they got Rush Limbaugh into rehab.And theres a new balloon this year, Little Bill. How many of you saw Little Bill? Do you remember Little Bill? He is the one that one that got Big Bill impeached.Of course, they had the big blizzard in Washington DC, it was really bad. It was so bad, President Bush had to cancel six fundraisers.I saw one of those perfect Yuletide scenes at Wal-Mart today. Their Santa Claus in Wal-Mart was dragged off in an immigration raid.Al Gore has endorsed Howard Dean for president. Huh? Thats right. Thats pretty fitting. The guy who didnt beat Bush endorses the guy who wont beat Bush.And when Joe Lieberman found out about Al Gore endorsing Howard Dean, he said, Oh, thank you, Jesus.Last night they had one of those Democratic candidate presidential, want-to-be-debate kind of things. How many of you saw the big debate? You look at these guys, I cant believe Bush has to raise $200 million to beat those clowns.Earlier in the week, Howard Dean was endorsed by former Vice President Al Gore, and now Howard Dean is getting campaign advice from Al Gore. And Im thinking, Well, who better to give advice than the guy who couldnt even get elected with the most votes.Earlier today, Colin Powell named James Brown, the hardest working man in show business, James Brown, named James Brown the Secretary of Soul, and Foreign Minister of Funk. And I think this is great because before, before the Bush Administration, you probably remember this, Soul and Funk were two different agencies.Yesterday at the White House, President Bush hosted the Premier of China, Wen Jibao. The Premier of China, or as President Bush calls him, Benny.What an unusual thing, but it does happen, down there in Washington DC, they had an earthquake. An earthquake, very unusual thing, but it happened, my God they had an earthquake, things went crazy for a while. For example, over at the Clinton townhouse...now wait a minute. Hillary, because of the earthquake, Hillary was accidentally thrown into bed with Bill.Thank you. That was just great. That was very nice. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. That makes up for not being endorsed by Al Gore.James Brown, the hardest working man in show business, James Brown has been named by Colin Powell as the Secretary of Soul and the Foreign Minister of Funk. Congratulations. His mandate will be to stem the alarming decline of funk. Try to reverse that.The Governor of California, earlier today, I thought this was great, said it will not be necessary, this is what Governor Schwarzenegger said, it will not be necessary to investigate sexual harassment charges against him. Arnold Schwarzenegger says it will not be necessary to investigate the sexual harassment charges against him. Bill Clinton heard that and he said, You can do that?Everyone down in Washington is getting into the holiday spirit. You know, former President Clinton finished his decorating. He put mistletoe under his desk.President Bush will be seeing a performance of The Nutcracker. This is the first time The Nutcracker has been in the White House since...well...I guess since Hillary.Sunday morning, I get up early and Im stringing lights out on the house. And about 11:00, my mom comes running out of house, screaming, They caught the bastard, they caught the bastard!And you know by now that Saddam Hussein was captured and he was living in this like hole, this like six by eight foot hole in the ground, and it had a shaft for ventilation. Here in New York City we call it the subway.And he was dirty, he had not bathed, he had a full kind of scraggly, frightening beard, he had a bag full of cash, he was carrying a pistol, he had several unopened packages of underwear. I want to...its like I have a twin!So now he, youve seen the pictures, he had the long beard, they say he was confused, disoriented. Its the same conditional Al Gore was in before he endorsed Howard Dean.When you think about it, its a strange world. One day youre the leader of Iraq, the next day youre being checked for fleas on Fox News.It was very surprising, because Saddam Hussein just gave himself up. Just gave himself up. I mean, hell, Michael Jackson put up more of a fight.And Im telling you, this guy, he was a wreck. I mean you saw the pictures, just, and they had to clean him up in a hurry, so what they did was they gave him an emergency queer makeover. That seemed to do the trick.Weve had an interesting time at home lately. Mom keeps watching Saddams flea exam over and over again.Saddam was found near a hut. Not just a hole, but a hole that was adjacent to a hut. Youre doing good if you can find that.In the hut they found unopened underwear, guns, a can of 7-Up and the Paris Hilton video.My favorite is the Guns and Underwear. Have you got their new CD, Paul? Guns and Underwear. Theyre going to be on the show in a few weeks.They also found pairs of Saddams boxer shorts - by the way thats the closest weve come to finding weapons of mass destruction.Saddam just came out with his hands up. Hell, Winona Ryder put up more of fight than that!Its expected that charges will be filed against Michael Jackson by the end of the week. Right now Michael is in Tikrit looking for a hole.Welcome to the Late Show. My name is Dave, and I want to negotiate.Everybody is still excited about the Saddam Hussein arrest. ... We thought he was a punk and a thug and a tough guy. Then he just turned himself in. They pulled him out of his hole and that was it. Phil Specter put up more of a fight than that.Were learning more and more about the capture of Saddam Hussein. For example, it seems that US forces acted on a tip from Rush Limbaughs maid.For the last four days theyve been interrogating Saddam Hussein. ... During that four-day period, he denies knowing Osama bin Laden. He says, oh, yeah, Id run into him at industry functions, but I didnt really know him.President Bush is an avid runner. He jogs two or three miles a day. ... His doctors are giving him an MRI exam. Ive been thinking about this. I dont know anybody whos had this much wear and tear on their knees - well...I want to mention today is the first day of Hanukkah, ladies and gentlemen, the first day of Hanukkah. Thats right. As you know about Hanukkah, it commemorates the miracle of the oil and the miracle is that they werent overcharged by Halliburton.Are you still excited about Saddam Hussein? Wasnt that thrilling? Now, here is what I like about this the capture of Saddam Hussein. It was the poetic beauty of the whole scenario. Because for years and years we have been told what a vile, evil rat bastard this guy is. For years and years, for decades he is a evil rat bastard and then, you know, we pull him out of a hole. Its perfect.But I tell you who is a little worried about this, the Democrats, because they were making all kinds of noise about, Yeah, what about this? And suddenly we find Saddam. Now they have been upstaged, they are struggling for attention. Earlier today, presidential hopeful Dennis Kucinich asked to be checked for fleas.Do you have any idea of what today is? Do you know what happened five years ago today? Any idea? President Clinton was impeached. I think all of us remember where we were when we heard about this. Yeah, Clinton remembers, because he was at his desk having sex.So now in honor of 5th anniversary of Clintons impeachment, Im going to tell a Clinton classic joke. First, I told this joke in 1998. This is a Clinton classic joke. It goes something like this. Prosecutor Kenneth Starr says he has 75 photos of President Clinton with Monica Lewinsky. 75 photos and most of them are head shots.As you know, now its a high alert Christmas. Are you aware of that fact? They bumped it up a notch, it a high alert Christmas. Last night mom and I duct taped our tree.My family is arriving tomorrow, which means one thing: Ill be spending the day in my spider hole.Were learning more and more about Saddam Hussein, in his cell, have you heard about what he has in his cell now? In the cell of Saddam Hussein, heres what we have. We have an army cot, he sleeps on an army cot, theres a pitcher of water and a photo of George Bush. Coincidently, thats also my moms guest room at my house.I thought this was interesting. You know, we saw the footage of him being pulled out of the hole, and then we saw him having his has mouth inspected, and they were checking him for fleas and ticks and stuff. And apparently now, what happened as he was being apprehended and taken into custody, he spit at one of the American soldiers, and the guy decked him. And I was thinking this is quite a coincidence, because the same thing happened with Martha Stewart.I want to begin the program with good news. It looks like New York has the chance to finish the year with under 600 murders. Yeah. Were not there yet. Everybody has to pitch in and do their part. So please, if you kill someone, dump the body in New Jersey. All right?Everybody is excited about Christmas. Earlier today, out there in Sacramento, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger had a holiday feel.My Uncle Earl arrived earlier this afternoon. When he showed up, the first thing we did was check for fleas and looked in his mouth with a flashlight. Hes fine. Hes going to be okay.Did you hear about this Saddam Hussein, now that he has been in captivity? They say now that he is apparently despondent. He is a broken man. Describe him as a broken man. He sits in his cell all day staring at a picture of George Bush. This also could describe Al Gore.By the way, if you are thinking about a gift for Saddam Hussein, how many of you have him on your list? Well, you cant go wrong with the Sharper Image Turbo Nose Clipper.I dont need to tell you this. Were right in the middle of the cold and flu season, am I right? Rush Limbaugh, as a matter of fact. He recently sent his housekeeper out to score some Nyquil.Welcome to The Late Show. Im very excited about something. Ill tell you what it is. I think the audiences in the Ed Sullivan Theater have been getting better and better since we started that fingerprinting policy.Hey, Ill tell you what I am excited about. The Mars Rover, the NASA visit, the journey to Mars. Have you folks been following that? It is an amazing machine, this Mars rover. You know what theyre doing? Theyre sending back high definition full color photos of the landscape of Mars. Analyzing soil samples. And listen to this, the third seat folds flat.You know what President Bushs New Years resolution was? And I thought this was odd. His resolution this year, he is going to keep pressure off his knees. Thats his resolution. President Bush is going to try to keep pressure off his knees. And I was thinking about this. I believe the last person in the White House to make that resolution was...it always works, doesnt it?Yesterday in California, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger gave his first State of the State speech. And earlier today, it was rebroadcast in English.But it was a very successful speech. It was interrupted 27 times by applause, and three times to apply body oil.Hey, are you folks excited about the space probe Mars Rover? The Mars rover landed on Mars and its up there now working and the big question is, how can Halliburton make money out of this?The Mars rover, they shoot him up into space and heres what happens, it enters the Mars atmosphere about 10,000 miles per hour, then they open a parachute and it drops to the surface, and late really because of the gravity up there it bounces for a few days, and then mission control has to lift it up off its belly and onto its legs. Its the same way they got Rush Limbaugh into rehab.President George Bush may have to have knee surgery, you know? Thats right. That means a lot to him. I think how he hurt his knees, hes been praying the Democrats would nominate Howard Dean.You folks excited about the Mars rover? President Bush loves it. ... So what they do they launch this thing up there and its on the surface of Mars and President Bush is watching it every day and he is thrilled by it now. He promises well only be on Mars a few months until they are capable of self-rule and then well leave.That Mars rover is an amazing device. Listen to this, today the robotic arm, it digs around on the Martian soil and it found OJs knife.Ladies and gentlemen, here is good news, McDonalds is now offering wireless Internet service. Because I mean, Im always looking for a reason to spend more time there. Thats fantastic, and this way you can e-mail the Centers for Disease Control when you have a mad cow attack.Are you excited about the big NASA Mars rover thing? Its crazy, isnt it? They launch this deal. It goes up, it lands on Mars. Its unbelievable. Have you seen it? Have you ever seen sharper, clearer pictures of sand? Its astonishing.I thought this was interesting, did you see 60 Minutes last night here on CBS? Thats a good sign. Well, former Treasury Secretary Paul ONeill has written a book about his years with the Bush Administration, and he said that President Bush, when hes in action, now at Cabinet meetings, he was disengaged, hes uninformed, hes distracted, hes passive. And the Democrats are saying to themselves, How can we possibly beat this guy?President Bush is in Mexico right now, hes meeting with Mexican President Vincente Fox, or as Bush calls him, Chucho.On Friday, President Bush he announces that heres what he wants to do. He wants to go to the moon, and he wants to build like a space station on the moon, and then from the moon, he wants to launch people to Mars. You know what this means, ladies and gentlemen? Hes been drinking again. Thats what that means.Welcome to the show, I have an announcement. The global warming conference has been canceled.Are you excited about going to Mars? President Bush wants to go to Mars. He wants to, he says in 20 years theyll put a man on Mars, in 20 years put a man on Mars, and in 30 years, he wants a man on Will and Grace.Heres news from the world of trans-Atlantic travel. The Queen Mary 2, you know what that is? It the largest ocean liner ever, its the biggest ocean going sea vessel ever. And it launched its maiden voyage on Monday. I believe no one has boarded anything this large...well, I guess since the Clinton years.I thought this was kind of interesting. It was like ten degrees here in New York City today and Al Gore, remember Al Gore, used to be Vice President. Actually for a time looked like he would be president. Then that thing in Florida. Al Gore, bless his heart. Today he is giving a speech on global warming. Its ten degrees. Yeah.You folks excited about -- this is really big story. This big Mars rover. What a deal. And we send a thing all the way to Mars. Its like a billion miles away, Mars. It cant get there. It takes a long time, seriously. Finally we land the thing. Have you seen the photographs of Mars? I have never seen clearer, more high resolution photographs of sand and rocks. Its unbelievable.Its crazy. Today, the Mars rover. This was a big day. It became untethered, pivoted and stood up. It was just like the end of a Paris Hilton video.President Bush wants to put a man on the moon by 2015. Im thinking, Well forget about the moon. Why dont we go to Afghanistan and find Osama bin Laden. How about that?Are you excited about the Democrats who want to be president? Its -- honestly its an exciting bunch of guys. The frontrunner of course is Howard Dean. And you know, I didnt know this about him, but people are saying he may be too short to be president. I had no idea that he is diminutive. He is a short. He was campaigning at a mall in Iowa and security kept coming up to him and asking, Are you lost?Have you been hearing about former Treasury Secretary Paul ONeill, who has written this book? In the book he says that President Bush at the Cabinet meetings was distracted and disengaged. He was disengaged. I thought that was odd. I got to thinking about it. I believe the last time a president got disengaged was - I think it was when Hillary walked into the Oval Office.Of course, earlier tonight in Iowa they had the Iowa caucuses, you folks been following the Iowa caucuses? Well, the last word we had was the results are apparently too close to call. Unless youre Dennis Kucinich, and then...Ted Kennedy, Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy is campaigning for John Kerry. And Ted, if youre watching, I have two words for you: Low carbs.So Ted Kennedy is endorsing John Kerry, and Im thinking to myself, Do you really want the endorsement of a guy with a Bloody Mary mustache?And this was exciting and interesting and puzzling, Howard Dean, long- time Democratic frontrunner, finally introduced his wife for the first time during the campaign. After all these weeks and months, the first time he introduces his wife on the campaign. I tell you, these two make the Clintons look close.I love these politicians that go crazy trying to do anything they can to get support. For example, yesterday Howard Dean goes down to Georgia, and he goes to church with Jimmy Carter, see. And today, he shoots a sex video with Paris Hilton. So theyll do anything.The people are always coming up to me...theyll say to me, Well, what really is, you have the primaries and you have the caucuses, what is a caucus. Here, now is what the caucus is. The Iowa caucus is nonbinding. See thats the difference. The Iowa caucus is a nonbinding event, its like a Britney Spears marriage.Thank you very much. How do you do, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. Thank you. Well, that lasted about as long as Howard Dean- mania.You folks see the Iowa caucuses last night? How many of you saw the Howard Dean speech? Did you see Howard Dean ranting and raving? How many of you got to see that? Heres a little tip, Howard. Cut back on the red bull. That will do it for you.Howard Dean has been like the frontrunner and then last night he finishes a distant third in Iowa. Heres what happened. This is the way it works. The people in Iowa realized that they didnt want a president with the personality of a hockey dad.Meanwhile, in New Hampshire, Joe Lieberman is not doing very well. Currently, he is two points behind the Taliban candidate.Television networks covered President Bushs annual State of the Union address. And it was...well, it was a real crowd pleaser. Bush promised 16 new contracts to Halliburton.But President Bushs speech was very ambitious. He promised, listen to this, and I think this is what you got to do when youre the President. He promised by the year 2010, we will have a man on Liza Minelli.You folks see President Bushs State of the Union address last night? How many of you got a chance to see the...yeah. How about that surprise announcement, President Bush said last night that Howard Dean has been captured and hes in the hands of interrogators, amazing.Were going to South Carolina, were going to Arizona! Oklahoma, North Dakota, New Mexico! And Pennsylvania, were going to Ohio, Rhode Island, were going to Wyoming, were going to Hawaii!I asked around, and God forbid, I should be the last one to criticize, but I think maybe Howard Dean has a bit of a problem, because earlier today during a debate in New Hampshire he bit off Joe Liebermans ear.Indiana, Texas and Alabama and Oregon! California! Florida! Illinois, Alaska, Georgia! Then were going to Puerto Rico!Now, last night in his speech, George Bush had a lot of new proposals, listen to this. Hes announced that hes adding aquamarine to the terror alert color chart.There was a touching moment during the speech last night when President Bush introduced Eliza Minellis battered husband, he was up in the...But you know, due to budget crunches, Bush has had to scale back some of the programs and he has a program new program, its called Leave a Couple of Kids Behind.Japan, Indonesia, France and England! And Germany! And Brazil! And the Philippines! And China! And the Virgin Islands!Then Bushs speech, you know, it was interrupted by applause 68 times, interrupted 68 times by applause, yeah. Five times by Ted Kennedy getting up and going to take a leak.Montana! Kentucky!How about that Howard Dean? Did you see that thing after the...did you see him screaming at everybody. Then were going to Oregon and Las Vegas and Milwaukee and Washington and California and Arizona and New Mexico and Montana and Wyoming. I dont know.He was like at a rally up there in New Hampshire and somebody was heckling him. So here is what he did. He started to sing the national anthem. He is singing the Star Spangled Banner while the guy is heckling him. Then he followed up with A Man Loves a Woman. It was beautiful.Im starting to worry about Howard Dean. He was debating earlier tonight. He was debating Dennis Kucinich and he head-butted him.I really believe about Howard Dean, I think were about a day away from him announcing that he is addicted to pain killers.Its a special anniversary today. Do you have any idea what the anniversary is today. 6th anniversary. 6 years ago today -- President Clinton said to the American people, I did not have sex with that woman. Six years ago today. ... Thats right. I did not have -- or as we call it here at the Late Show, the Dawn of the Golden Age of Comedy. Thats right.We first told this joke July 8th, 1999. President Clinton visited a Sioux reservation in South Dakota. The chief presented him with a new intern, Kneeling Fox.Top Ten Ways I, Howard Dean, Can Turn Things Around (as read by Howard Dean): 10. Switch to decaf. 9. Unveil a new slogan: Vote for Dean and get one dollar off your next purchase at Blimpie. 8. Marry Rachel on the final episode of Friends. 7. Dont change a thing. Its going great. 6. Show a little more skin. 5. Go on American Idol and give em a taste of these pipes. 4. Start working out and speaking with an Austrian accent. 3. I cant give specifics yet, but it involved Ted Danson. 2. Fire the staffer who suggested that we do this lousy Top Ten list instead of actually campaigning. 1. Oh, I dont know - maybe fewer crazy, red-faced rants?I have big weekend ahead of me. Listen to this, Howard Dean has joined my anger management class.There was kind of an unusual thing happen in court today. Right in the middle of the court session, the judge allowed Martha Stewart to approach the bench and decoupage it.This was good, earlier tonight on ABC, Howard Dean and his wife, who doesnt appear often with Howard Dean. She helped him out on the campaign trail, once. These two make the Clintons look close.But Howard Dean and his wife were interviewed by Diane Sawyer. I think the interview went pretty well. They only had to use the pepper spray on him twice.Yesterday was the 6th anniversary of President Clintons I did not have sex with that woman statement. Were you aware of that? Six years ago yesterday, he went on television and said, I did not have sexual relations with that woman! I actually felt that his behavior...he didnt think that qualified as sex. I was thinking to myself, Gee, if that happened to me, I think I would count it.Of course, all the excitement during half time, the game is interrupted when this naked guy runs onto the field. And hes got like a Website address all over his body, printed on the back side of him and Im thinking Wow, that Howard Dean is really desperate.How many of you saw that thing with Janet Jackson? Ill be honest, I was happy to see that happen, that Janet Jackson thing, because that meant for one night I wasnt the biggest boob on CBS.And I guess the guy, whats his name, Justin Timberlake? Yeah, hes saying that the problem was a ward robe malfunction. I was thinking, Gees, the last time I was involved in a wardrobe malfunction, I became a father!Then of course, after the game, President Bush calls the winning team, he calls the Patriots. And listen to this, former President Clinton called Janet Jackson. Its crazy!You know what this is, around the country there are seven big primaries going on, seven presidential primary elections. Which means that at any minute, we may have to cut away for a screaming Howard Dean concession speech.Earlier today, part of Janet Jackson popped out and saw its shadow. Six more weeks of winter.The FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, is now investigating the Super Bowl half time show. And actually, President Bush has formed a Department of Wardrobe Security.President Bush missed the Super Bowl halftime show. He slept right through it. Typical CBS viewer.The official explanation is wardrobe malfunction. Shes blaming the whole thing on a wardrobe malfunction. Former President Clinton heard that and said, Why didnt I think of that?Immediately after the Super Bowl how many of you saw big Survivor, the Super Bowl battle of the [Survivor all-stars]. It was very exciting the whole gang is back, they got the old guy, they got the naked fat guy. They got the ex-bartender. They have the former Green Beret. Oh, no, wait a minute, those are the Democratic candidates for president.I dont know what this means exactly, but President Bushs approval rating is down below 50%. Yeah, thats too bad. So now hes going to have to let Saddam go and catch him again.Of course last night was a big Democratic primary, they had like seven primaries, and caucuses all across the United States, and today presidential candidate Howard Dean was at a fish market in Seattle catching fish. And he did so well that next week he starts full-time.Because of poor results in the primaries last night, Senator Joe Lieberman is dropping out of the presidential race, did you hear that? Yes, yes. Earlier today he broke the news to his supporter.Also bad news for Dennis Kucinich, he finished behind Punxsutawney Phil.Theyre talking about a Federal investigation into that Janet Jackson thing I was telling you about, and shes claimed its a wardrobe malfunction so, when this punk, this young hooligan leaps on stage and yanked her thing off, it a wardrobe malfunction. So now theres going to be a Federal investigation, as a matter of fact former President Clinton offered to look into it.Top 10 Things Never Before Said by a Presidential Candidate (as read by John Edwards): 10. Vote for me or Ill slash your tires. 9. Forget universal health care - Im buying every American an XBox. 8. In a crisis, I ask myself, What would Tony Danza do? 7. Id give you my plan for economic recovery if I wasnt rip-stinkin drunk. 6. If your last name begins with M through Z, sorry - your taxes are doubling. 5. Were gonna cut the deficit by selling North Dakota to Canada. 4. I have tons of experience from being president of the Burt Reynolds Fan Club. 3. Lady, that is one ugly baby. 2. When Im president, Im putting Regis on Mount Rushmore. 1. Read my lips: No new wardrobe malfunctions.Hey! Last night right here on CBS, how many of you watched the big Grammy awards show? Wow. Very, very exciting, three more wins for John Kerry.Maybe this is the reason some of you folks are in town, the annual dog show, the Westminster Kennel Club. ... But you know its not just all about beauty. These dog shows, these dogs are smart, these are very intelligent dogs. Ill give you an idea how smart these dogs are, for example, the Bloodhound who won in his class at the dog show is so smart he actually dug up President Bushs military record.Speaking of President Bush, you can tell that the campaign has now shifted into high gear because now President Bush, whenever he refers to John Kerry, he calls him the Senator from the gay wedding state.The congressional hearings began today into the Janet Jacksons half time Super Bowl scandal, and its interesting. Congress wont look into Iraq. Theyre not looking into Enron. But by God, Janet Jacksons bra, theyre looking into that!If you were not aware of this, today is the birthday of Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincolns birthday. As you know, Abraham Lincoln was a giant man. He was six feet four inches tall and had a beard. If he were alive today he would be detained by Homeland Security.Boy, there was kind of an embarrassing moment at the White House earlier today. They were looking around while searching for George Bushs military records -- they actually found some old Al Gore ballots.President Bush now have you been following this? Says he cant find any National Guard records from the 70s. They are questioning him about it. You were in the National Guard but did you actually show up. He said, Ill get the records. He is having trouble finding the National Guard records from the 70s. Oh, sure but he has no finding photo of John Kerry with Jane Fonda from the 70s. Thats easy.Well, you know they got the Mars -- what do they call it -- the Mars Express orbiter up there. Its amazing. It has just photographed the largest canyon in the solar system. Think about that. Its enormous. Scientists believe its even a deeper hole now than the one Martha Stewart is in.I want to tell you, thank God you folks are here tonight. You couldnt have come on a better night. The entire balcony at the Ed Sullivan Theatr...swear they were in the National Guard with George Bush. Theyre up there.Saddam Hussein, first smoked marijuana in 59. That explains his absence from for six months from the Iraqi national guard.Over the weekend, the big John Kerry juggernaut moves on. He won caucuses in Washington, DC, Nevada and I think in Canada. He is so confident that hes started nailing that intern again.There are rumors now about John Kerry being involved with an intern. Ah! You know, having an affair with an intern, and I thought this was interesting, out of habit, Bill Clinton denied it.And Hillary said that she would stand by him.Over the weekend, President Bush attended the Daytona 500. How many folks enjoyed watching the Daytona 500? But President Bush left before the race was over. You know, like he did with his National Guard duty.How about that Howard Dean? You know he dropped out of the Democratic presidential race. Did you know about that? ... Anyway, Howard Dean dropped out, and he -- he gathered all of his supporters there in Wisconsin and he gave a moving, reflective, screaming, vein- popping farewell speech.There are rumors that President Bush had cosmetic surgery. Did you hear that? Cosmetic surgery on his nose. Sometime recently, President George Bush goes and they worked on that thing. And I said, wow, thats crazy. But Im telling you, at least you cant get impeached for getting a nose job.This intern, former intern of John Kerry is claiming now that she did not, she is denying rumors that she had sex with John Kerry. You know what this means, of course. Well, she had sex with John Kerry. Thats exactly what that means.Here now is my favorite story of the week, a rumor that President George W. Bush had a nose job. He had some kind of plastic surgery. He actually had nose job. If this is true, it would be the first new job he created since taking office.I heard that President Bush is upset because a lot of gay people were getting married. Were you aware of that? Bush is upset because so many gay men are getting married and Liza Minelli said, Tell me about it. Does that mean anything?It looks like President Bush will be handing over the power to the Iraqis by June 30th. Handing over power by June 30th. Thats amazing. It looks like he will be handing over power to the Democrats by November 2.The judge is now considering throwing out some charges against Martha Stewart. When Martha heard this, she says, oh, dont throw them out, they can be turned into lovely Japanese lanterns.Heres some sad news. President Bush, his dog Spot passed away, he didnt pass away, they passed him away, and thats sad. And I know how that is, being an animal lover, so they took Spot back to the ranch in Texas, and they buried him on the ranch which I thought was nice. And they buried him right next to, I believe, 10,000 Al Gore ballots.According to a new study, two-thirds of Americans support the idea of televised executions. And, most of those responding to that poll said they would like Regis to host.Well, it really kind of looks like now that John Kerry is on his way to the presidential nomination. The only thing that can sink John Kerry now is an Al Gore endorsement.President Bushs long time dog, Spot, died. It really is a shame. I love dogs. They end up breaking your heart. Its a sad thing. Really sad, because Spot wont live to see a second Bush term. But then, who will?You heard about this, President Bush has called for what, a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriages. A constitutional amendment. Oh, yeah, like he knows what a constitutional amendment is. Come on!I thought this was fascinating, according to a new poll, if the presidential election were held tomorrow, a lot of folks would be taken by surprise.Last night, Dennis Kucinich was on the debate, and Larry King - I worry about Larry King. Frankly, hes getting a little older, and I think hes confused, because throughout the debate, he kept asking Dennis Kucinich how often Liza beat him.We had a scare down in Washington at the White House. A man hopped over the fence surrounding the White House, and he was tackled by Secret Service. And I believe this is the first person to get into the White House unlawfully since Bush.Well you heard about this earlier in the week, George W. Bush is calling for a constitutional amendment to ban gay weddings. Sounds like somebody didnt get an invitation to Rosies wedding.Yesterday, Rosie and her girlfriend were married in San Francisco. And in case youre interested, I believe theyre registered at Home Depot.And I mean, this gay marriage thing is huge. Yesterday Senator John Kerry changed his mind and now supports the ban on gay marriages. Im telling you, this guy -- this guy has more positions than Paris Hilton.Last week, down there in Washington DC, a guy jumped over the fence at the White House [and] hopped over the fence, a trespassing guy, and he was brought down by a dog, Secret Service dog. So, the guy hops a fence, the big dog brings him down. I was thinking, the last person at the White House to be brought down by a big dog was...You know, by the way, today is Super Tuesday and John Kerry is ahead. But Edwards will not concede until they count all the absentee ballots of honeymooning lesbians.How many of have you cancelled your vacation in Haiti?The White House is trying to put the best possible spin on this. Theyre saying President Aristide was not thrown out. He was just voted off the island.Good news in Arkansas. Theyve opened the President Clinton, you know, presidential museum. And you can take your entire family on the Clinton tour for like $10. $10, you get the Clinton tour. For an extra $5, theyll give you a tour of Clinton.So you no longer super size fries at McDonalds, that was the big announcement, as if this week wasnt bad enough already for Al Sharpton. So, a tough break.So George Bush calls John Kerry to congratulate him on winning the big Super Tuesday and being the Democratic nominee. Ill tell you, this Bush, while he had Kerry on the phone, he also got a $1,000 campaign contribution from him.The Bush campaign for reelection has officially begun. They are actually running television commercials. Have you seen any of the new Bush television commercials? They are getting their moneys worth, arent they? In one of commercials you see George W. Bush for 30 seconds. In another commercial you get to see George W. Bush for 60 seconds. Kind of like his stint in the National Guard.Im worried about John Kerry. He is so confident now that he is already planning his White House sex scandal.President Bush has the two daughters, two beautiful daughters by the way. They may work on their fathers presidential campaign after they get out of college. I thought, Well, this is a pretty good move because in this economy, they wont be able to find real jobs.Youre looking at a very happy man, ladies and gentlemen. Im Dave Letterman. Im the new CEO of Martha Stewart Living.Hey, have you heard about this? That John Kerry, he said that, he made a remark, he said a lot of world leaders want him to be the new president and then the Bush Administration said Yeah, well like who? And John Kerry said, Well, I cant really... So now theyre really hammering John Kerry. Listen to this. The only name he could come up with, Queen Latifah.They had elections in Spain and Spains newly elected Prime Minister has now announced that he is pulling all Spanish troops out of Iraq. All Spanish troops are being pulled out of Iraq. This is...I believe this is the quickest pullout by a world leader since...well, actually President Clinton.Earlier today, Major League Baseball finally banned the steroid THG from major league baseball. No more. I just hope mom can still get it for her special margaritas.I love it when stuff like this happens. Earlier in the month, John Kerry, running for president, and hes speaking somewhere and hes got a microphone on and he doesnt realize that the microphone has been turned on, so he says something embarrassing and hes trying to back peddle and explain. Its one of those silly little things, so as a result of that his campaign now has hired a guy whose sole job is to make sure that John Kerrys microphone is turned off. Its the same guy who used to watch Clintons fly.Ways Dennis Kucinich Can Still Be President Of The United States (as read by Dennis Kucinich): 10. Keep doing what Im doing -- Im winning, right? 9.Theres turmoil in the Middle East. Theres always turmoil in the Middle East and its having an effect here in New York City.John Kerry, the Democratic nominee, was campaigning so hard, they said youre starting to look like a boob. Youre starting to say dopey things. Take some time off. So John Kerry...and I didnt realize this. He is an avid snowboarder. He goes to Idaho for five days and he quite good. He has mastered the alley oop, the back side rotation, the corkscrew...wait a minute. That was Clinton.Top Ten Surprises In John Kerrys FBI File: 10. Once when he was 30, he smiled. 9. He experimented with drugs, alcohol, and botox. 8. Had he decided not to go into politics, it would have been The Captain, Tennille, and Kerry. 7. Belonged to an exclusive secret society called the Columbia Record and Tape Club. 6. He used to be Joan Kerry. 5. Favorite Jackson: Tito. 4. Theres a separate FBI file for his hair. 3. Never missed an episode of Sanford & Son. 2. Even as a young man he looked like a horse. 1. In spring of 1972, killed a hitchhiker.How many of you happened to see the big pay-per-view Britney Spears special last night on TV? Wow. Heres the scary thing about that. The Bush Administration could have stopped it but failed to act.This is fascinating, Saddam Hussein, they pulled him out of a hole and theyve had him in a cell and theyve been questioning him, he has an attorney now. And I never heard of the guy, but hes apparently a very smart guy, hes already had the trial moved to Los Angeles.The slogan for the trial is, No weapons in Tikrit, you must acquit.This guy, this attorney, this French guy is famous, hes had a lot of important clients, he defended Carlos the Jackal. Slobodan Milosevic. Clause Barbie. Winona Ryder.Taxi cab drivers are demanding fares go up. Thats fair. Everything in this town has gone up. Especially if youre a cab driver. Tolls have gone up, gas is going up, Al Qaeda dues are going up.Remember a couple months ago, Saddam Hussein, remember Saddam Hussein, the evil dictator Saddam Hussein? They found him hiding in a hole and jerked him out of a hole, and shaved him and checked him for fleas and put him in a cell. Ever since then, they have been interrogating Saddam Hussein. Hes not saying a thing. Believe me, they have tried everything. Today he was slapped around by Richard Simmons.Yeah, they say that Saddam is stonewalling, hes refusing to talk, not giving out any information. No, wait a minute, thats Condoleezza Rice.Top 10 Signs Your Governor Is Nuts (inspired by reports Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendells car has been clocked at speeds of more than 100 miles per hour nine times since November on the Pennsylvania Turnpike): 10. State has a minimum speed limit of 135. 9. Balanced budget by agreeing to rename state Schick Quattro. 8. Wanted to re- draw borders so state would be in the shape of Garfield the Cat. 7. Only signs bills that have been approved by Simon Cowell, Paula Abdul, and Randy Jackson. 6. Hes shirtless and covered in baby oil. 5. Insists younger voters refer to him as The Governizzle. 4. He wont shut up about the hooker he met last night. 3. Gave NASA $40 billion to determine if theres water in the state. 2. Replaced the state seal with an actual seal. 1. During meetings, cant stop giving himself Pocket Veto.I want to give you a word of caution here, if youre in a cab and start using your credit card, please be careful. Ill tell you what Im talking about, I received my MasterCard statement earlier today, and it came back and apparently I made a $6,000 donation to the Taliban.How about the price of gas? You know what Im saying? Crazy, its going sky high and people are absolutely insane about the price of gas. I was driving by a gas station earlier today and I saw the attendant being bitch slapped by Richard Simmons.The US is still looking for Osama bin Laden and but heres the problem, they cant find anyone who speaks Pakistani. And Im thinking about this, you want somebody who can speak Pakistani, heres all you have to do: Taxi!The former Vice President, Al Gore, has purchased his own cable television channel, the, the Al Gore TV network. And he says it will be a lot like C-Span, but less exciting.By the way, John Kerry, looks like hes going to be the Democratic nominee for president. You know he had shoulder surgery recently, had something wrong with his shoulder, and hes a tough guy, he had no anesthesia. ... But he had no anesthesia for the operation, he just listened to one of his speeches.You can pay for your ride in a New York City cab with a credit card, but be very, very careful if you give a New York City cab driver your credit card. Ill tell you what Im talking about. I got my MasterCard statement back today, and I was billed for a two-year subscription to Al-Qaeda Living.John Kerry, you know what hes doing right now? Hes recovering from shoulder surgery, and right now hes on so many pain pills he -- he cant feel a thing. I mean, hes almost like a Republican.But dont kid yourself. Kerry is in a lot of pain today, because he dumped the Heinz ketchup heiress for the Tylenol heiress. Thats what he thats how much pain hes in.Im very excited. You people are here on a special night. Ill tell you why. Tonight, the entire balcony at the Ed Sullivan Theater is filled with radical Shiite clerics. Glad to have you here.When youre driving a cab, now they take credit cards. How many folks would be comfortable giving a cab driver your credit card? Youre right to be skeptical. You have to be very careful. You can pay for your ride with a credit card. But be very cautious. I got my as MasterCard statement back earlier today. Listen to this, I was billed for two dozen shoulder mounted rocket launchers.President Bush says that he is looking forward to the testimony of Condoleezza Rice. Thats what it...yeah, he is very excited about Condoleezza Rices testimony before Congress. Well, it makes perfect sense. He wants to know what was going on, too.President Bush says that hes sticking to his plan for handing over power to the Iraqis on June 30th, sticking to his original plan, hes going to hand over power to Iraqis on June 30th. Its also his plan to hand over power to John Kerry on January 20th.Yesterday, President Bush insisted, I thought this was fascinating, that there was nothing -- insisted that there was nothing in the August 2001 briefing which was entitled Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the United States. He said that there was nothing in that memo that hinted what bin Laden was up to. Really. Okay. Lets just start with the title. Did that tip anybody off?Bush says that he would have moved mountains to prevent that attack. Yeah, but he draws the line at reading a memo. But other than that...Every Monday after Easter, they have the big Easter egg hunt on the lawn of the White House. Its an annual thing and a great big whoopdy- doo and this is interesting. The kids found strong evidence of eggs, but no actual eggs.I feel so stupid. Listen to what I found out. I found out that last nights show, oh, my God. I found out last nights show could have been prevented if I had read my daily briefing. Im just...Im sick about it.But this dealership, theyre already doing a tremendous business. Today a guy took a Taurus out for a test bombing.Janet Reno was down in Washington, being questioned by the 9/11 Commission. And did you see part of it? Its interesting. She is much less aggressive now since shes off the steroids.I thought this was smart. She use the opportunity to promote her new Janet Reno grill.Of course George W. Bush, a live press conference from Washington, DC, carried by all of the networks. Such a big deal, that Fox, the Fox television network, they decided they would preempt their American Idol show and have the George W. Bush press conference instead. I thought, Well, that makes sense. You dont want too many amateurs on the same night.Heres some good news coming out of Iraq, the first new car dealership has opened just outside of Baghdad. The name of the place is Crazy Qusay. His prices are insane!CIA Director Tenet has now testified before the 9/11 Commission, and he said, now this is a scary thing, he said we are still making the same dumb mistakes, thats what he said. Like leaving memos on the Presidents desk.How many of you saw George Bush in the big press conference last night on TV? About the same number that saw the Alamo.I saw the President on TV, I think hes only had three prime time press conferences since hes been in office. And I thought he looked calm, I thought he looked confident, I thought he looked focused. Thats right, hes drinking again.It was a tough press conference for President Bush, he spent the first ten minute trying to pronounce Fallujah.I was watching the press conference, and I kept hearing, maybe some of you heard this in the background. You heard like a noise, a small commotion, shuffling around and things being moved, did you hear that? I call my buddy down at the White House, Kenny. ... And I said Kenny, What was that noise I heard in the background? He says, Whoo oh, that was John Kerry measuring for drapes.I am really upset about last night. I am boiling about last night. Here is what happened. The CIA failed to warn me about last nights audience. What are you going to do?Hey, how many of you saw President Bush in the big press conference the other night? How many of you thought he did a nice job? How many of you are thinking to moving to Canada?If you watched closely, President Bush had one of those ties on, and because he was on television it had kind of a pulsing, hypnotic effect. Actually the tie was electronically pulsating like that. Now, not to be outdone, earlier today during a foreign policy address, John Kerry was wearing a spinning bow tie.Theres a new audiotape from Osama bin Laden. Experts can tell that its a recent audio tape because in it he makes reference to Omarosa getting fired on The Apprentice, so you can tell.In the new Osama bin Laden audiotape -- did you hear about this? Its very strange. He offers a truce, a truce to all European countries. Now all major European countries have rejected that offer for a truce, except for France, and they surrendered.You probably cant tell this by looking at me, but I had a horrible day. I knew it was one of those things. I knew immediately it was going to be a horrible day, because I get into the cab coming to work this morning, and right there on the dashboard was a Shiite cleric bobble head doll.Theres another one of those audiotapes from that rat bastard, Osama bin Laden. Have you heard the new tape? Its crazy. In the new audiotape he is demanding from now on he be known as Hell Boy.Two big announcements coming out of Washington, DC. This is kind of sad. The tour of duty for 20,000 troops in Iraq may be extended. Thats too bad. And the other announcement, the tour of duty for President Bush may not be extended.I have to tell you something, Im very excited and Im very proud, I was just notified, I was just notified that on June 30th, Iraq is being turned over to me.John Kerry, likely the Democratic nominee for president, has now released his medical records and turns out that John Kerry still has some shrapnel embedded in his left thigh. And its interesting because incidentally, President Clinton also has that. Actually its one of Monicas earrings.Youre probably aware of the controversy over Democratic John Kerry. Probably going to be the nominee. Well, theres something about him throwing away his military medal and ribbons. You heard about that. Not to be outdone, President Bush threw away his Alabama National Guard spotty attendance record.Talk about exciting, this is great news. My cab driver on my way to work this morning, my cab driver was named new head of Hamas.The leader of Hamas, good gig, they last about as long as Michael Jackson attorneys.Celebrity birthday, ladies and gentlemen, Saddam Hussein, 67 years old today. And unfortunately this year Saddam did not receive a present from his sons Uday and Qusay. However...he did receive a lovely card from his daughter, Uglay.They had to be together to testify before the 9/11 Commission, so President George Bush and his little buddy Dick Cheney went into the room together, and they testified together before the 9/11 Commission for about three hours and ten minutes. Heres the condition of the testimony. No transcripts of their testimony, no records whatsoever, no evidence that it ever happened. Its just like Bush and the National Guard. Same thing.The cab fares in New York City have gone up 26% today. ... The cab drivers need the pay hike to cover their Al Qaeda dues.President Bush, you know what hes doing, hes campaigning, hes taking a bus ride through Michigan this week and I was thinking, Well, in Michigan, I bet hell get a pretty good turnout, since nobody in Michigan has a job to go to.Bushs campaign bus is a technological marvel, it gets $2 million per gallon.John Kerry over the weekend fell off his bicycle. He later denied it.Bush has a slight lead, has a slight lead over Kerry so, today Bush hung a banner over the White House that read Mission Accomplished.It turns out Howard Dean may get his own television talk show. Sure. Its my fault. I lower the standard.In Iraq, doesnt sound like good news to me. The US is bringing back the Baath Party. Have you heard about this? Trying to reestablish the Baath Party? This morning, coincidentally, my cab driver was the member of the No Baath Party.Theyre out there on the old campaign trail. Vice President Dick Cheney made a stop at Wal-Mart earlier today. Cheney says that Wal-Mart is a great American institution. Well, you know, thats true. All workers are Mexican and the stuff is made in China. A great American institution.President Bush definitely has an advantage when he is on the campaign trail. He has, of course, Air Force One and he is riding around in this bus he leased for $45,000 a month and Kerry, real handicap, hes out there falling off a bicycle. And then he denied it.President Bush, by the way, this is exciting and interesting and fascinating. He was interviewed on Arabic television, last night. His interview went very well, lasted about five minutes, he raised $3 million.John Kerry who is now campaigning actively, he spent the day reading to school kids, reading to like preschoolers and he sat there reading the book to them. And the kids said that Kerry actually lacked warmth and failed to articulate a clear message.And then Bush also read to preschoolers and he raised over $3 million.Yesterday, in a Cinco de Mayo celebration, John Kerry spoke in Spanish. So he has now failed to articulate his message in two languages.The final installment of Survivor All Star will be Sunday night on CBS. The show is such a hit they are already planning for the next show. They have competed one castaway. Donald Rumsfeld. He is all set.President Bush, you know he has the two daughters. The two Bush girls. They are graduating from college. President Bush says he will not be attending the graduation because he does not want to create a distraction. I believe thats the same excuse he used in the National Guard.Friends is leaving, Frasier is leaving, we finished up Survivor last night, everybody is leaving but Rumsfeld, he isnt going anywhere.And yesterday, President Bush announced that Donald Rumsfeld has the full confidence of President Bush. Thats what President Bush said, I have full confidence. Im thinking, is that really an endorsement?The gas prices are up, the stock market is down, Iraq is a mess and John Kerry is saying to himself, How am I going to beat this guy?But dont kid yourself, this is disturbing, stories coming out about degrading photographs. Nude pyramids, sexual humiliation. Of course, Im talking about Bill Clintons memoir.Heres some good news. You know Vice President Dick Cheney -- he has one of those mechanical hearts. Hes had like nine heart attacks so I can sympathize. He had a baboon heart and now has one of those mechanical ones. After that many heart attacks you should have some keep an eye on him. So he had a check up. During the check-up he raised $4 million dollars.Yesterday President Bush told Donald Rumsfeld that he was Doing a superb job. I think the last time a president said that he was looking under his desk.You know, Bill Clinton -- how many of you remember Bill Clinton? He has a brand new book coming out in the next couple of months, and the Democrats are worried that the Clinton book might upstage the Kerry campaign. And Im thinking, Hell, a day-old meatloaf might upstage that campaign.Tim Russert has, the man who hosts the NBC Meet the Press, he has a brand-new become out, its a fascinating book, its all about his father, its entitled Big Russ. Now, coincidently, former President Clinton has a brand new book coming out about his years in the White House, its entitled Little Bill.This summer, President Clinton, you remember President Clinton, Bill Clinton, Crazy Bill, Wild Bill? He is publishing his memoirs. You remember two years ago when he got out of office, or whenever the hell it was, he was given an advance. People say he is writing a memoir by himself. Its an enormous book. 900 pages. Hes smart, the book is so heavy, Hillary cant throw it at him.And, of course, down in Washington right now, President Bush is sound asleep resting comfortably at home in bed, you know, just like he did when he was in the National Guard.I got a very disturbing phone call from Massachusetts earlier this morning. My Uncle Earl is a bride.Ladies and gentlemen, youre here on a great night. It is very exciting in the theater. Ill tell you why. The entire balcony is filled with gay newlyweds.This same-sex marriage thing is really catching on, you know, and now its legal in Massachusetts. Same-sex marriages, and today earlier today, huge crowds in Boston, and they were all excited and they were chanting, Were here, were queer, were registered at Filenes.John W. Kerry is on the attack and has called for the resignation of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. Did you know that? He said he should resign. Calling for his resignation. In response, Rumsfeld, listen to what he did, he stripped Kerry naked and ran him around on a leash.The White House is now saying that they still do not have a timetable for when the US will be out of Iraq, although they hinted that it could be early in the Kerry Administration.You know about cicadas? They come to New York City every 17 years to have sex. And -- no wait a minute, that is the Republican convention.I thought this was fascinating. Politics is strange and weird. Yesterday, John Kerry met with Ralph Nader. Met with Ralph Nader. Wouldnt you like to have been a fly on the wall for that? And if you were you would have be the most charismatic thing in the room.John Kerry speaks French but tries to conceal it. So if a reporter asks him in a question in French, he will act like he doesnt understand. Bush, on the other hand, has the same problem with English.The cicadas emerged after 17 years of being underground and they have been asleep for the last 17 years, just like the CIA.Heres good news, ladies and gentlemen, crime in New York City is down. The bad news for New York City, its our number one industry.The cicadas come out every 17 years, and the ones were getting now are brazen, oh, my God! Today they made six naked cockroaches form a pyramid.George W. Bush, did you see what happened to him over the weekend, he fell off his bicycle, did you see that? Wow, this guy has taken a beating, but in all fairness it is not his fault. He couldnt see past the Secret Service agent on the handle bars.And then seems like a couple weeks ago, John Kerry also had a mishap on a bicycle and fell off a bicycle so, you have Kerry fell off a bicycle and Bush fell off a bicycle. And the only thing Clinton fell off of was an intern.I was thinking about last nights show, and I dont like to do this, but looking back on last night nights show, I think the problem was with last nights show, tell me what you think here. I think the only problem with last nights show is I didnt have an exit strategy.How many of you saw President Bushs explanation speech last night about Iraq? How many of you? I think it was on about 8:00 last night and some television outlets carried it. CBS did not carry President Bushs address last night. The network feels that the war in Iraq is important; however, not as important as the season finale of Yes, dear.But President Bush has promised Iraq, listen to this, and I think this is important. He is going to establish elections there in Iraq. He is going to rebuild the infrastructure. He is going to create jobs. And he said if it works there, hell try it here.In his speech, Bush announced he has a five-point strategy for getting out of Iraq. I jotted them down. Five-point strategy for getting out of Iraq. Points six through ten will be handled by the Kerry Administration.Have you had any trouble with the a cicadas? Are they in your hotel room and stuff? Theyre just nasty...and they come back every 17 years...and they eat everything and all they want to do is eat and are sex. Eat and have sex. In New York City, they want to -- no, wait a minute, Im thinking of the Republican Convention.Homeland security has warned of possible summer attacks by al Qaeda, have you heard about this? And it must be serious because President Bush has already ignored three memos on it.How many of you saw his televised speech on Monday or Tuesday night, did you see that? How many of you are fibbing? Well, in the televised speech, Bush explained his plan for upcoming transfer of power. Its a two-part strategy. ... Heres what it is: part one, empty out his desk; part two, rent a U-haul.You know, were supposed to be on the lookout for the terrorist guys and the FBI said one of these al Qaeda suspects is an angry loner, obsessed with heavy metal and beef jerky. Its like I have a twin!John Kerry raised all of that money and he bought himself an airplane, a campaign plane for $10 million, a big 757 jet, and Ralph Nader, not to be out done is having himself shipped across country in a crate.Al Gore is back. In a recent speech he called for the resignation of Donald Rumsfeld. And Donald Rumsfeld in response, he stripped Gore naked and ran him around on a leash.?It was so hot in Washington, DC, Donald Rumsfeld walked himself around naked on a leash.??Remember Saddam Hussein? How many of you remember Saddam Hussein? Do you remember him? And remember during the winter, they pulled him out, he was living in a hole, had himself a hole. Like a month- to-month rental, he had a hole and the troops caught him and yanked him out of the hole and they have been interrogating him ever since. Listen to this, they cant get anything on him. There is no evidence. Prosecutors are having a difficult time building a case against Saddam Hussein. Isnt that amazing when you think about it? They cant build a case against Saddam Hussein. Well, Ill tell you something. The guy was smart. He was very smart, because when he tortured people, he didnt take snapshots.?You know Saddam Hussein, remember like last winter, Saddam Hussein, that evil crazy dictator, just nuts, and then he was living in a hole, he remembered a hole somewhere in Tikrit. Nice hole, like a two bedroom hole. No, it was a studio. So they pulled him out of the hole and theyve been interrogating him ever since. And they say that he now, Saddam Hussein himself is very involved in his own defense. Isnt that amazing? Very involved in his own defense. You know what that means, a year from now hell be in Florida playing golf.Earlier today, President Bush met with the new Iraqi president, and this new Iraqi president, hes just an interim guy and he will serve until a permanent figure can be chosen. Its like being married to Jennifer Lopez.John Ashcroft in a recent interview said that President Bush is against torture. President Bush is against torture, except of course when it involves the English language!My name is Dave Letterman. Be honest, now. How many of you are here tonight because you heard I was lying in state?President Bush is going to turn over control of Iraq on June 30th, and if it works there, then in November hes going to do it here.Britney Spears was shooting a music video and during the music video she injured her knee. ... But dont worry, she went to the best surgeon in the country. I believe its the same guy who worked on Monica.President Bush has Saddam Husseins gun. ... President Bush has that now in his desk at the White House. But of course hes not the first president to hide a piece in the Oval Office.The Supreme Court now has preserved the use of the word God in the Pledge of Allegiance. But now, this next part makes no sense to me, they also for some reason changed the word flag to monkey.How many of you folk have seen the big blockbuster cartoon Shrek 2? Its the most successful animated film ever. Give you an idea how popular it is, President Bush keeps asking to meet him.President Bushs father, I thought this was fascinating, turned 80 years old and to celebrate he jumps out of an airplane. And you if youd seen the polls you know hes not the only Bush in free fall.The State Department releases a memo saying that terrorism has gone down. And so turns out that the only reason they released that statement was because of a mathematical error. Apparently terrorism hasnt gone down at all. I thought, Oh, my God, mathematical error, isnt that how President Bush became president?Already, theyve had orders for 1.5 million copies of the Bill Clinton memoir. Thats stunning, isnt it? Hasnt eve than been published yes, orders of 1.5 million. In fact, it already in its third printing. Thats right, the first two were stained.Speaking of Jennifer Lopez, its her tenth day of being married to Mark Anthony. ... Today at the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld promised to begin rotating in fresh husbands.Donald Rumsfeld says the White House sees no wiggle room...in the definition of torture. I dont think the White House has had a wiggle room since Clinton left.President Clintons official portrait was unveiled yesterday at the White House. ... Yeah, well, dont get too excited because already theres trouble. Clintons portrait was hitting on the Dolly Madison portrait.At the end of June theyre return turning Iraq over to somebody else. And the new Iraqi government says they want custody of Saddam Hussein. ... You know of what means -- there will be another videotaped flea check.If the US does give up Saddam Hussein, he would be the biggest jerk to change hands since NBC handed me over to CBS.Top Ten Los Angeles Lakers Explanations:All of Phil Jacksons zen talk made us sleepyNever shouldve gone with game plan prepared by Donald RumsfeldWhats the big deal? Its best of 9, right?Shaq had trouble catching the ball and holding on to the ChalupaIsnt it obvious? Al Qaeda!For some reason, these past few months Kobe seemed distractedNo trophy means no hassle at airport securityBeen very busy planning the June 30th handover of Iraqi SovereigntyHard to shoot over Ben Wallaces Hair.The 9/11 commission report is in, and this is surprising. They found no link between al-Qaeda and last nights audience. ... The 9/11 commission also found no connection between Liza Minelli and her husband. ... No connection between Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein. Oh, sure they ran into each other at a few industry functions, but that was it.President Bill Clintons autobiography is coming out next week and Clinton is going on one of those book tours. Hell be in bookstores in New York City on Tuesday, and they are expecting huge crowds. So can you go and have him sign, but its going to be crowded...so to keep the line moving, hell only sign one breast.The publishers called him in, and they handed former President Clinton the first official copy of his new book, and from force of habit he helped it out of its jacket.How many folks in town early for the Republican convention? You know, New York City is getting ready for the Republican convention. By the way, I think this is the perfect city to kick off a crooked election, dont you, really?But tomorrow is a big day. Bill Clintons autobiography, his memoir is being published. Its 900 pages long. Listen to this, its actually longer than the last Harry Potter book.And both of them, I believe, are stories about a boy and his wand.In the book stores yesterday, it was a great day for Bill Clinton. They published the book and he sold 1,500 books at a book signing, and got six phone numbers.I believe the last time Clinton did a media blitz like this, it was to deny all the the stuff thats in his book.Im getting closer and closer in line to the former president, and just as its my turn for Clinton to sign my book, darn the look, he takes a sex break.Ralph Nader announced his vice presidential running mate for the election. In a related story, a tree fell in a forest and no one was there to hear it.This having a book and being on tour, and thats a lot of pressure on the guy. He has been running late. His whole schedule has been running late. As a matter of fact, he was running so far behind yesterday, he had to cancel his 3:00 intern.The book was already 30% off. Just like his pants.Its big gay pride parade weekend, gay pride, yeah, sure. And of course the highlight of the week will be when they force a queer makeover on Michael Moore.Saddam Husseins letter is kind of pathetic because in the letter, he asks his daughter if he would swing down his spiderhole and water his plants.And then Saddam ends up the letter to his family with a, P.S. I need another three-pack of underwear.In his book My Life, Bill Clinton says that he never pays attention to a poll. Thats interesting for a politician. Never pay attention to a poll. Unless there is a stripper attached to it.New York City doormen, apartment building doormen, you know what Im talking about. Theyre now receiving anti-terrorism training. The doormen. These guys are going to stop a terrorist attack? They cant even stop the guy who keeps leaving the takeout menus under your door.Welcome to the show. You folks seem like a great group. You know what, you are such a nice group, you know what I will do, I wasnt going to do this for a couple days, you are such a nice group Im going to turn the show over to you folks.I hate to talk about people when they are not here, but the audience Friday night. Im telling you, nasty bunch, listen how bad they were. Halfway through the show, Dick Cheney jumps up and starts screaming obscenities.This is an historic day. As you know, the US has handed over sovereignty of Iraq to Iraq and it took place two days early. And the people who were there say it is the most touching handover theyve ever seen since I was handed over by NBC.How many folks were in town yesterday saw the big gay pride parade? I want to tell you, it was refreshing and exciting to see a pyramid of naked men that was not a violation of the Geneva Convention, wasnt it?Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hookers and strippers are flying in from all over the world for the Republican convention. Well, you know, Bush said he was going to create jobs.According to a new book all about the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il...this guy is apparently just a whack job. He enjoys eating the feet of camels. He drinks a half million dollars worth of wine every year. And he loves to abduct actresses. It is like I have a twin.But if you think that Kim Jong Il is bad, you should meet his father, Mental Li Il.What a rough crowd we had last night. Heres how bad they were. Halfway through the show, they demanded self rule.Are you folks excited about the Iraqi handover? Its thrilling, isnt it? But you know here in New York City every day, we have a handover. Its true. Hand over your watch, hand over your wallet.Ill tell you one guy whos very excited about the handover. Thats President George Bush. He is thrilled about turning the power back over to Iraq. Do you know why? Hes thinking about invading them again.The Republican National Convention coming to New York City, will be here the end of August, and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger will be speaking at the Republican conventions. And I think, I believe he will be the first professional body builder to speak at a national convention since, well, Janet Reno.Last night, Dick Cheney went up to Yankee Stadium to a ball game. During like the seventh-inning stretch or something, they put him on the jumbotron and everybody in Yankee Stadium sees him on jumbotron and they booed him.The Iraqi government, the interim government has now taken custody of Saddam Hussein. Hes now their prisoner and hell appear before a judge on Thursday. And by Friday he should be president again.On Thursday, Saddam and 11 of his henchmen will be arraigned for war crime, and I believe this will be the first time that theyve all been together since Chemical Alis skating party.According to interrogators, Saddam Hussein is arrogant, hes defiant, he thinks that people are still in love with him. He thinks that hes still very popular. He thinks that he is still president. No, wait a minute, thats Bush.I went to see that Fahrenheit 9/11. How many people have gone to see that Fahrenheit 9/11? I tell you, I was stuck in line for four hours.Did anybody see Saddam Hussein in his court appearance? I gotta say one thing for Saddam Hussein, he really cleaned up great, didnt he? I mean, he looked fantastic. They went over him for four hours with the turbo nose hair trimmers.Legally, it is fascinating, because they bring Saddam Hussein into court, and they present him with a list of charges against him, and he refuses to sign them. So, I guess the whole things off.He is still angry, he is still defiant, and he is still insisting that he is the real president. I mean, it is just like watching Al Gore.Maybe can you tell from looking at me, Im a little worried about tonights show. We have a great show, according to the CIA.John Kerry picked his running mate, John Edwards, and Kerry- Edwards, if you think a bit, I have not seen such electricity since Dole- Kemp.John Kerry told Tom Ridge, you know, the Director of Homeland Security, he told Tom Ridge that he was too busy to have a briefing on homeland security. Thats what John Kerry said, told Tom Ridge, Im too busy. And I thought that was odd because youre not supposed to ignore terror threats until after you become the president.And then last weekend, the New York Post announced that John Kerry had selected Richard Gephardt as his running mate, big front page thing, Richard Gephardt. You know what this has done, its made me now question some of the items in Cindy Adams column.But the Kerry-Edwards relationship is working better than anybody has expected. As a matter of fact, earlier today, they went to Massachusetts and got married.New York City is getting ready for the Republican National Convention. I think its about a month, at the end of August, and President George Bush is very excited to be coming here for the convention because hes absolutely certain when he comes here, hell have no trouble finding weapons of mass destruction.If you live around Madison Square Garden, dont come out during convention. Stay indoors, because theory is that the Republicans dont really want to mingle with New Yorkers. The Republicans are just here to nominate a President and get laid.While the Republicans are in town, theyre going to take a visit up to Grants Tomb to see what a two-term Republican looks like.Merv Griffin gave Nancy Reagan a puppy, and today it was announced that the dog will speak at the Democratic National Convention.The Bush Administration now, have you heard about this? They may postpone the November election if there is a terrorist attack. If there is a terrorist attack, they may postpone the election or theyll postpone it if there are scattered showers. Either way.The Republicans say they dont want the terrorists to determine the election. Thats what Republicans are saying, we dont want the terrorists to determine election. No, they want the Governor of Florida to determine the election.George Bush has the two twin daughters, and Jenna Bush is moving to New York City. Did you realize that? Yeah. Shell be searching for margaritas of mass destruction.New York City is getting ready for the Republican convention, and New Yorkers are being asked to stay home and not go anywhere near Madison Square Garden during the convention. Isnt that odd? They dont want people going anywhere near Madison Square Garden. Gee, I wish we could get the Knicks to do that.The Democrats are having their convention up in Boston, and they have announced their convention lineup, and there is the big surprise. They are not going to allow Hillary Clinton to speak before the convention. ... When Bill Clinton heard this, he said, how do you do that?The Late Show was nominated for Emmy awards this year, five Emmy awards. ... But were in kind of an unusual category this year. Tough competition. Were up against the Reagan funeral and Saddam Husseins flea inspection.Here now is the keynote speaker lineup for the Democratic national convention, the speakers include Al Gore...Dick Gephardt and Joe Lieberman. Side effects may include boredom, drowsiness and sexual dysfunction.The big surprise, Hillary Clinton is not speaking. Hillary Clinton will not be speaking at the Democratic national convention. Usually when shes not talking its just to Bill.According to the polls, John Kerry is getting a big boost from what they call the Edwards bounce, because he selected John Edwards to be his running mate. Edwards bounce. Dont confuse that now with the Clinton bounce, because that will get you impeached.In the 9/11 Commission report, they say it was Iran, Iran, not Iraq, that was helping Al Qaeda. So apparently, we invaded the wrong country because of a typo. A typo!The 9/11 Commission has issued its report and next theyre going to investigate how this program was nominated for five Emmys.Governor Schwarzenegger called the California Democratic lawyers girly men. He said the Democrats in California were girly men. And the Democrats were, well, they were unavailable for comment because they were at a screening of Delovely.A lot of excitement about the Democratic convention because now Hillary Clinton will actually be speaking at the convention. First she was not going to speak, and now she is going to speak and everyone is going crazy. As a matter of fact, Bill Clinton is bringing a date that night.Wildfires are raging in California, and earlier today, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that they were started when a scented candle was knocked over by a girlie man.Arnold is in trouble because last week he called the California Democrats girlie men. Arnold said the Democratic lawmakers in California were girlie men and well, the Democrats are upset. Today they responded, one word response: Bitch!Guess who was on Larry King last night? Martha Stewart. She says she is writing a book for people who are in the same situation as she is. So I guess its aimed at arrogant billionaires who lie to the Feds.John Kerry, of course, and John Edwards and their wives, the four of them now are touring seven states on a bus. So you have seen this? ... I mean what is this? Ricardos and the Mertzes?The United States government is blocking research into medicinal marijuana. Yeah, this according to scientists. If you consider Willy Nelson a scientist.Former Clinton national secure adviser Sandy Berger has been accused now of smuggling confidential documents out of his office in his pants. In his pants! I believe the last Democrat to have a bulge in his pants got impeached!They released the 9/11 report today. It was finally released earlier today. President Bush wasted no time not reading it.In Israel, a five-year-old ape at the zoo in Israel had the flu, and then when he got better, he started walking erect on his two feet, not on four legs, on two feet. Hes walking around like this, just like a guy, just walking around. Its amazing, we have an ape walking upright. Listen to this, hes also thinking of running for governor of California.Welcome to the show, and I have to say Im sorry to all you tourists. I have to apologize, because you picked a bad time to come to New York City. All of the hookers are now up in Boston.Lance Armstrong won the sixth consecutive big bike race over there, the Tour de France. And its a huge thing, and after the victory, President Bush called him to congratulate him on being the first man to walk on the moon.This is what Saddam Hussein does during the day. He writes poetry. He eats muffins. A little water coloring. And he works in a garden. Sounds like somebody is giving this guy a queer makeover.They say that Saddam Hussein is demoralized and dejected. Hey, try a decade at CBS.Teresa Heinz Kerry, John Kerrys wife, did you hear about this? She had kind of an altercation with some people from a newspaper and she told them to go shove it. I mean, who does she think she is, Dick Cheney?But campaigning in Florida, earlier today John Kerry brought a crowd to its feet when he announced had that his new wife would be actress Bonnie Hunt.Today was like the first day of the big Democratic National Convention there in Boston, and while the Democrats are holding their convention, the Republicans are down in Florida tinkering with the voting machines.Bill Clinton was introduced by his wife, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, you know. And its fascinating, and historians were saying after the speech they believe its the first time in the history of political conventions that an introduction contained the phrase philandering weasel.Its really cool in New York City. Cooler than it ought to be this time of year, but not as chilly as that hug last night between Bill and Hillary.How many folks saw the Democratic convention last night on TV? You know, to find this kind of excitement, youd have to go back to the Mondale-Ferraro era.There was one uncomfortable moment at the convention last night when Al Gore accepted the nomination...thats too bad.Here was the line-up of speakers earlier tonight at the Democratic National Convention. You had Ted Kennedy kicking things off. Then you had Howard Dean. Then you had Teresa Heinz Kerry. Yes, sir, it was loose canon Tuesday.Great moment for Teresa Heinz Kerry yesterday. She won a swearing contest with a sailor.Michael Moore, controversial documentary filmmaker, was in attendance at the convention earlier tonight, which explains the extraordinarily tight security around the buffet.Do you know what the John Kerry slogan is? Very exciting. The theme is a lifetime of strength and service. A lifetime of strength and service. Do you really want to run on an old Maytag slogan?How about Bill Clinton, former President Clinton last night, the big speech. How about bubba? Whoo! Watching that speech, he had to stop 23 times for applause and three times for sex.You folks watch the Democratic National Convention last night on the television? Im telling you, with that kind of excitement, youd have to go back to the, oh, Dukakis-Benson era.CBS, by the way, did not carry the convention last night. CBS, this network decided not to carry the convention. You know youre in trouble when youre too dull for CBS.Ted Kennedy spoke at the convention last night. He looked fantastic, by the way, didnt he look great? Hes lost so much weight he had to borrow a pants suit from Hillary.John Edwards of course was at the convention, he has a very impressive resume. He was a trial lawyer, you know, that he was a Senator, and former host of Family Feud.And Mrs. Kerry, how about Teresa Heinz Kerry? Very exciting. She spoke to the convention last night, and probably a mistake for her to speak while holding her Chihuahua.Dennis Kucinich also spoke at the convention, and by the way when he speaks, here are the side effects: Drowsiness, headache and sexual dysfunction.Last night, you know, was the last night of the Democratic National Convention in Boston, and right about now the hookers are on the red eye back to New York, so look out.John Edwards last night, did you see John Edwards speaking, vice presidential...his speech was so dull that Teresa Heinz Kerry told him to shove it.I bet this was kind of a sad day. John Kerry earlier tonight accepted the Democratic nomination, and out of habit, Al Gore demanded a recount.So now, now that the convention is over, all thats left is the Republican convention and then the crooked vote in Florida.John Kerry showed up with all his Vietnam crewmates, and not to be outdone, next month here in New York City at the Republican convention, George W. Bush is going to show up with all his college drinking buddies.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. Wow, what an ovation, thank you. That lasted just about as long as a John Kerry convention bounce.Hey, do we have a lot of folks visiting New York City? Thats great. Well, congratulations, you got here just in time for terror alert Monday.Here was a weird story. Theres a guy playing from somewhere overseas to Ohio, and hes on the plane and hes doing like homework, hes got a work book and hes doing a thing and he writes in the little book, suicide bomber, and its part of an English exercise, so hes arrested and detained and it turns out he was apparently using the Al Qaeda version of Hooked on Phonics.Theyre shooting a big Hollywood movie for the first time ever at the United Nations. And you know what I was think, sadly, its probably the most important work the UN has done in years.According to his daughter, John Kerry once gave CPR to a drowning hamster. So you see, he does have a healthcare plan.Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards and his wife, every year they celebrate their anniversary by going to Wendy, because apparently thats where they met, so every year on their anniversary they go to Wendys. Well, this year John Kerry and Teresa Kerry also joined them at Wendys. What a coincidence. Waiting on them all at Wendys, Al Gore.Were on high terrorist alert here in New York City. You picked a nice time to come here on vacation, didnt you? Where are you going next week? Fallujah?Over the weekend, Tom Ridge comes out, said, Look out, get ready, hang on. Be careful. Watch what youre doing. Hang on to your wigs and keys. And then now today we find out that the information that theyre using to raise the terror alert thing is four years old. Its four years old. Apparently Bush got around to reading it today.You can tell that the information is dated because Al Qaeda was planning an attack during Al Gores inauguration.But, on the one hand, dont kid yourself. There havent been this many bomb threats since CBS announced its fall line-up.Were all very excited, very pleased, former President Bill Clinton is on the show tonight. And as you already know this, as a result, security here in the theater is tighter than Joan Rivers face.President Clinton, dont kid yourself, is still very popular. As a matter of fact, he is three points ahead of Kerry.According to his daughter, John Kerry once gave CPR to a hamster. Now wait a minute, didnt the same thing happen to Richard Gere?Its a little frightening, the terror alert information was four years old. Four years old! I cant wait until 2008 and find out whats going on now.John Kerry and George W. Bush both were campaigning in Davenport, Iowa. Amazing? How can one town handle so much excitement?The statue of liberty has reopened. ... Now, heres the deal. Its open, but you cant go inside. I believe its the same agreement John Kerry has with his wife.The city is on a heightened state of alert, which is more than I can say for last nights audience.But dont kid yourself, this is serious. Earlier today in the West Village, the color coded threat level was raised to teal.In Iowa, a crowd gathered around John Kerry in a cornfield for a half hour, before they realized it was a scarecrow.What do you think, folks, is it too soon to hit on Mrs. McGreevey?You could not have picked a better time to be in New York City.Of course, the Republicans are in town and theyre going to be in town and theyre going to do two things, theyre going to slander John Kerry and theyre going to try to get laid.In Florida, theyre cleaning up now in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley, and President Bush is now pledging billions and billions of Federal funds to repair the crooked voting machines that were damaged down there.Presidential nominee John Kerry was in town today. And you know, it really is a tough town. He got two more Purple Hearts.Laura Bush turns down an opportunity to appear in a photograph with P. Diddy. Do you think that politically thats a problem?Now I understand why she would be reluctant to have her picture take with P. Diddy. We all know at one time they were married.John Kerry and George Bush also have Olympic fever. They got into the spirit. They have their own event. Synchronized lying.Im so glad you people are here because the audience we had last night-- and I hate talking about people when theyre not here -- what a rough crowd.It was so bad, at one point it was quieter than dinner at the McGreeveys.It turns out now that New Jersey Governor James McGreevey has still not submitted his resignation. However, he did submit some wonderful decorating ideas for the governors mansion.Well, were already starting to get some Republicans in for the convention. You know what this means. By this time next week, it will be impossible to hail a cab or a hooker.Experts are now saying failures at the Abu Ghraib prison...may implicate Donald Rumsfeld. Mmm, yeah. In response, Rumsfeld stripped the experts naked and walked them around on a leash.It was so hot in New York that Governor McGreevey was happy getting the cold shoulder from his wife.According to a recent survey, the tollbooth guys are vulgar, rude and downright creepy. I had an experience this morning that I think will back this up. I was driving through the tolls. Sitting there in the tollbooth, a very cranky Al Gore.Have you folks been following the controversy with John Kerry and his service in Vietnam and the Swift Boat campaign? ... I was thinking about this, if John Kerry had ducked the war like everybody else, he wouldnt have this trouble.TBS will have a reality version or like the real thing of Gilligans Island. Theyve already cast it. They have the bumbling goofball. They have the millionaire. No, wait a minute, thats the Bush-Cheney ticket.Dick Cheney has spoken out now in favor of gay unions, thats a surprise, dont you think? Yeah.Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge has declared that New York City is safe. New York City is safe, yes. Of course, thats based on 4-year-old intelligence.The Secret Service...code names for the Bush twins, Twinkle and Turquoise. No, wait a minute, those are the names for Governor Jim McGreevey and his friend.At the MTV awards, The John Kerry daughters were on, and the George Bush daughters were on, and both sets of daughters were booed and I thought, Welcome to my world.With the Republicans in town, they had a lot of protestors. Im telling you, it was just like the 60s, you know? The air was full of the aroma of tear gas and weed.Great time to be in New York City. We got the protestors. We got the riot police, the bomb sniffing dogs. Where do you folks go from here? Najaf?Tonight was the opening night of the Republican convention, and the theme for this years convention is building a more hopeful...ah, who cares.Even if you are a delegate, you are going to get frisked, patted down, you are going to get groped. And thats just by Arnold Schwarzenegger.The Republican convention goes on all week, but of course the highlight will be toward the end of the week. George Bush will show up for one day, you know, just like he did in the National Guard.A lot of Republicans in the city, but dont worry, they will only be here until were capable of self-rule. And theyre leaving.Its the second day of the Republican convention, and tonights theme was strength through...oh, who cares.Tonights convention got off to a rousing start with the Log Cabin Republicans medley of Broadway show stoppers.Michael Moore was at the Republican convention last night, which explains the extraordinarily tight security around the buffet.Last night at the convention, just like here, Michael Moore was booed mercilessly, and I thought to myself, Hey, welcome to my world.President Bush was talking to Matt Lauer on the NBC Today Show. Hes talking to Matt Lauer and he says, We cannot win the war on terrorism. And then Matt Lauer started crying like a baby.John Kerry, of course, yesterday went wind surfing because when youre in a statistical dead heat, its time to kick back and relax.Its been crazy here in New York City with the convention. We have had naked people in the streets. Weve had...all-night parties. Arrests. Yeah. And thats just the Bush twins.Were getting ready for our third hurricane, and John Kerry heard this and he says it is proof that George Bush is losing the war on weather.Earlier tonight the Republican convention, listen to this lineup, Dick Cheney, they had Zell Miller and Mitt Romney. Thats right. It was old white guy Wednesday.Word is circulating that the Republicans are not tipping the hotel staff where they stay. Im thinking, come on, folks, spread some of that Halliburton loot around.Earlier tonight Dick Cheney gave a hell of a speech. They only had to use the heart paddles twice.The Log Cabin Republicans were at the convention. ... They hate Hillary Clinton but they love what shes done with her hair.President Bush said that we cant win the war on terrorism. Thats what he said on Monday. Then on Tuesday he said, we will win the war on terrorism. And earlier today, he predicted a tie.Arnold Schwarzeneggers speech was an historic occasion. I believe it was the first time that a former Mr. Universe, bodybuilder addressed a national convention...well, gee, I guess since Janet Reno.At the convention last night, you had Dick Cheney, he spoke, and...Zell Miller also spoke. So for one night I wasnt the dullest guy on CBS. Finally.Cheney showed his gentle side. He flashed his warm sneer.One embarrassing moment, though, last night when Cheneys daughter made a move on the Bush twins, and I said, Whoa!Earlier tonight, President Bush accepted the nomination, and he said if hes reelected he promised to start reading memos so thats a good sign.Now that Bush has accepted the nomination, the next step, of course, is rigging of the voting machines, so there you go.Former President Bill Clinton had quadruple by-pass surgery earlier today, and apparently the surgery went fine and hes going to be just great, so thats good news. .. The doctors say that within 48 hours, I will be able to start doing jokes about him again.Apparently Al Gore had a similar procedure. ... About four years ago he had what is called an Oval Office by-pass.You think its been tough here in New York City having the Republican Convention, well, next week hang on because its going to be the Taliban convention.Last week, while the Republican National Convention was in town, crime in New York City dropped 40%. Thats right. Thats if you dont consider prostitution a crime.John Kerry, after the big republican convention, is slipping in the polls. Yeah. I believe he is starting to lose confidence because all week long hes been telling people, Well, you know, its a thrill just to be nominated.A new book says George Bush smoked marijuana while he was in the National Guard. Yep. And Bush said, See, I told you I was in the National Guard.President Clinton had the quadruple bypass surgery and is recovering nicely from that operation. The doctors told him he could resume having sex in about two weeks, and Hillary says, If he does, Ill kill him!Insiders say hes recovering nicely. Hes already hitting on the chubby nurse.Vice President Dick Cheney is saying theres great risk if John Kerry wins. Yeah, the risk is President Bush wont be able to find another job.Former President Bill Clinton is wide awake and alert, ladies and gentlemen. Wide awake and alert. I wish we could say the same for our current President.For 73 minutes during the surgery, Clinton had no pulse, no heart beat, just like the Kerry campaign.Since Clintons surgery, Americans have been lining up for heart checkups. ... I was thinking, Clinton has always had that effect on people. Because during his impeachment, Americans were lining up for oral sex.Well, the assault weapons ban expires on Monday. Thank God I can go back to shooting geese with my Uzi!The Republicans are now accusing, it is really getting ugly. They are accusing John Kerry of using rich friends to help him get into Vietnam.John Kerry says that the W in George W. Bush stands for wrong. But he still cant explain what John Kerry stands for.President Clinton...still heavily sedated. They have him grogged up on the pain killers and so forth. In fact, he is so loopy, that earlier today, he accidentally hit on Hillary.Bad news, third hurricane may hit Florida. Three hurricanes. For the third time, President Bush is doing nothing to stop it.The political pundits are saying that President Bush has made gains in two key states. Dazed and confused.President Clinton, you know he had quadruple bypass surgery Monday, recovering nicely. ... President Clinton was a very, very healthy man. Oh, no there was one other time he was hospitalized in 1998 remember that when he fell off that chubby intern. Hurt his...I thought this was nice, the Emmy for best supporting actress went to Mrs. Jim McGreevey. So congratulations to the Governors wife.Its pretty nasty...the memos about President Bush and the National Guard, and CBS is now saying that they were misled and they victims of a colossal hoax. ... Incidentally thats the same thing they said after hiring me.Top Ten Bush Tax Proposals, As Read By John Kerry. 10. No estate tax for families with at least two US presidents. 9. W-2 form is now Dubya-2 form. 8. Under the simplified tax code, your refund check goes directly to Halliburton. 7. The reduced earned income tax credit is so unfair, it just makes me want to tear out my lustrous, finely groomed hair. 6. Attorney General Ashcroft gets to write off the entire US Constitution. 5. Texas Rangers can take a business loss for trading Sammy Sosa. 4. Eliminate all income taxes; just ask Teresa to cover the whole damn thing. 3. Cheney can claim Bush as a dependent. 2. $100 penalty if you pronounce it nuclear instead of nucular. 1. George W. Bush gets a deduction for mortgaging our entire future.Last night, a brand-new season of 60 Minutes night, 60 Minutes. They kick off the new season with a whole new batch of forged memos.The first presidential debate will be in Florida. Havent those people suffered enough?The vice presidential candidates will debate for 90 minutes. These are guys who want to be the vice presidential guys, Cheney and Edwards. Theyll debate for 90 minutes or until someones heart gives out.You can tell its autumn by the chilly reception George Bush got at the UN.This just in, CBS now admits that Dan Rathers apology was a forgery.Yesterday Homeland Security deported singer Cat Stevens. Hes on an airplane, they take him off the airplane and send him back. Isnt that crazy? And today theyre closing in on Gordon Lightfoot.Martha Stewart is going to jail, and Cat Stevens has been deported. Man, I feel so much safer now.They arrest Cat Stevens, they cant find Osama bin Laden.There will be three debates, and each debate will have a category, and the categories will be domestic policy, foreign policy, and movie sidekicks.During the debates, here are the ground rules, you cannot approach your opponent and you cannot touch your opponent. This is the same rule they had to use in the last McGreevey debate.I had a terrible day, miserable day, tough day, lousy day. I spent the entire afternoon at the airport waiting to pick up Cat Stevens.At the airport in Frankfurt today, we captured Weird Al Yankovich.President Bush says hes very excited about Cat Stevens. He says its proving were winning the war against singer/songwriters.These are dark days here at CBS. You have CBS making up stories on the evening news, and then...earlier in the week, CBS was fined $500,000 for the Janet Jackson Super Bowl thing. $500,000. CBS says they were duped by a fake breast.There will be three debates. There will be categories. First category is domestic policy. Second category will be foreign policy. The third category will be girl groups from the 60s.The new rule for the debate this year, candidates cant touch each other. ... That is the result of the last series of debates where Al Gore tried get George Bush to dirty dance.John Kerry is shaking up his staff, making a lot of changes in his campaign team. Today he actually fired Teresa, his wife, and replaced her with Heather Locklear.John Kerry hired a bunch of former Clinton advisors. You know, dont kid yourself these Clinton advisors are good. ... The first thing they did was, honest to God, they got Kerry a chubby girlfriend.Did you hear about that story where the Homeland Security arrests Cat Stevens and has him deported? And today, I heard that theyre closing in on Dan Fogelberg.The first Kerry-Bush debate takes place Thursday in Miami, and today thousands of local residents began evacuating.The candidates must remain at least 10 feet apart. And they cannot talk directly to one another. Its actually based on the John Kerry-Teresa Heinz Kerry prenup agreement.The first presidential debate is Thursday in Florida, and I think its Bushs way of saying thank you for that last crooked election.Bush is concerned about the lectern, Bush is worried about the room temperature, hes worried about lighting, and Kerry is making the mistake of concentrating on the issues.Here are the categories of the debate. Foreign policy, domestic policy, and sitcom neighbors.Ralph Nader couldnt get into the debates in Florida, but heres good news, Nader will be making an appearance on CSI Miami as a guest cadaver.This just in, by the way: CBS News says they cannot vouch for the authenticity of John Kerrys tan.My mom and I are going to watch the debates together. Heres what shes going to do. She plans to do a vodka shot every time Bush says flip-flop.Here now are the categories of the debates: Foreign policy, domestic policy and one-hit wonders.Each candidate has agreed to 32 pages of rules. Im telling you, its like being a J-Lo husband.How many of you saw the big debate earlier? Its exciting. I watched it on the big screen at Hooters.The debates required months and months of negotiation, and a 32- page document agreement. Thats also what it took to unseat Leno.President Bush, heres his strategy, hes seeking to portray John Kerry as confused. ... You think about it, you know youre in trouble when youre running against George Bush and youre the one who looks confused.The debate was in Miami, and all day Florida residents were nailing sheets of plywood over their TV screens.The security, though, and you can understand this, was very, very tight at the debate. They even searched the bags under Jim Lehrers eyes.This is just my observation, at the debate, Bush appeared confident, he appeared relaxed, he appeared calm. Thats right, hes drinking again.There were an awful lot of rules for the debates. For example, a light would flash when your two minutes are up. They had a red light that flashes indicating your two minutes are finished. Coincidentally, President Clinton had the same thing for interns.At the debate, for the first time in his life, Jim Lehrer was the most exciting person in the room.As you know by now, Bush and Kerry debated foreign policy in Miami last night. Is Miami having a bad year or what? Havent these people suffered enough?Last nights debate was on foreign policy and if you saw it you know Bush spent the entire night gloating about the arrest of Cat Stevens.I dont know if you know about this but one of the ground rules for the debate, Bush and Kerry were not allowed to touch during the debate. But dont worry, they made up for it after the show.But thats it for George Bush. He will not have to be in the next debate much his dad got him out of it.After the debate, Kerry is so confident that hes windsurfing again.It was a very strong performance for John Kerry at the debate. ... Kerry even picked up the support of one of the Bush twins.Experts are saying that if this was a game show, Bush would have gone home with a handshake and a quart of motor oil.Tomorrow night, the vice presidential debates. Right now, Dick Cheney is practicing his warm sneer.You folks following Mount St. Helens? Its getting ready to erupt. John Kerry said its proof that Bush is losing the war on volcanoes.I thought Dick Cheney did pretty well. He only flat lined twice.Good news for John Edwards. If he does not win in November, he has a firm offer to be the new host of Family Feud.There was an awkward moment tonight at the vice presidential debates when Gwen Ifill, the moderator, was hit on by Dick Cheneys daughter.How many of you saw the John Edwards-Dick Cheney debate for vice president? Really? Thats surprising because according to the Neilson ratings more people watched A&Es biography of Joyce Dewitt.Edwards and Cheney sitting there together at the desk, sitting there together, they looked like the dinner theater production of Tuesdays with Morrie.I dont know if you heard about this, the evening ended badly for Edwards. Right after the debate he was roughed up in the parking lot by Cheneys lesbian daughter.On Friday, its their first free election in Afghanistan. This is a very big thing. However, theyre expecting voter fraud, disruption at the polls and intimidation of voters. So I guess the American style of democracy is really catching on over there, isnt it?In the second debate, George Bushs challenge will be to stretch four- and-a-half minutes of meaningless platitudes into an hour and a half.In the first debate, the candidates were standing at the podium, standing at the podium. Second debate theyll be sitting on stools. And the third debate theyll be lying prone.Congratulations to Bill and Hillary Clinton. Their 29th wedding anniversary this weekend. 29 years. Theyll be celebrating with a romantic dinner, and I understand Bill is bringing a date.Actually, the Clintons are very, very close. In 29 years, Hillary is the only woman that Bill has ever cheated on.The debate was what they call the town hall meeting format. Both of the candidates were seated on stool. Coincidentally, I also watched it while seated on a stool...at Hooters.But it was funny, sitting on stools. From force of habit, Bush said scotch and water, hold the ice.Tonights topic for the debate was domestic policy. And George W. Bush was very proud about this one point. He took credit for toppling Jay Leno.Here are some of the rules for tonights debate. No back-of-the-head camera television angles, no reaction shots of audience members during the debates. You can bring your own make-up people. Coincidentally, these are also the rules for a Paris Hilton sex video.Did you folks go to the Columbus Day parade? A lot of prominent Italian New Yorkers were at the parade. Mario Andretti was the grand marshal of the parade, Rudy Giuliani was at the parade, Hillary Clintoni was at the parade.On Friday, elections, free elections were held in Afghanistan, thats pretty good. Already, though, there are charges of fraud in Broward and Dade counties.The second debate at the request of President Bush, it was the town hall format. ... And also at the request of President Bush, the next one will be the happy hour format.But the third debate is Wednesday night, and this is going to be an exciting one because the jackpot is up to $375,000.Theres a rumor going around that President Bush in the first debate had some kind of listening device and somebody was feeding him answers to the questions for the debate. And they actually had a photograph of and there was a bulge in his jacket. I was thinking well, you know, thats an improvement over the last guy who had a bulge in his pants.I think George Bush is under more pressure than John Kerry and I think he is actually starting to feel the pressure, because today he said that he would be willing to stay on until 2009 and then turn things over to Conan OBrien.The final debate is tomorrow night. The first debate was behind podiums. The second debate was the town hall format. The third and final debate tomorrow night will be the karaoke format.There is a photograph of President Bush from the first debate, and hes got some kind of lumpy looking thing in the back of his coat. And the rumors are flying saying it is a special radio receiver and he was getting answer from somebody off stage. Wow, its like hes back at Yale.So, now everybodys going crazy about the bulge in his jacket and I was thinking, you know something like this hasnt happened at the debates since 1996. Remember that, when Clinton had intern under his podium?How many of you folks saw the third and final presidential debate? How about George Bush, he looked great, he was wearing his three-piece bulge.The first thing George W. Bush did was show everybody that the bulge in the back of his jacket was just his flask.I watched the debates, and frankly Bush did look confused, at one point he tried to buy a vowel.Saddam Hussein had a hernia operation. But dont worry, he should be recovered fully in time for his execution.According to a recent study...people in France have sex 137 times a year. And that doesnt include screwing the United States.How many of you saw the big debate last night, the President and John Kerry? I thought it was a pretty good debate. Both candidates got to dodge a wide range of issues.The first debate the candidates were on stools. The second debate it was the town hall format. Last night, at President Bushs request it was the open bar format.President Bush talked about his favorite painting at the White House. He said it inspires him to know that even a dog can draw a straight flush.The only thing Kerry and Bush agreed on was there are too many CSI shows.Did Bush seem a little confused to you at one point? Because several times during the debate he called out, State capitals for $200, Alex.The presidential debates are over. And they are so dull that CBS has ordered 13 more episodes.Were coming down to the elections, and they are just around the corner. And all that really is left now is the last minute tinkering with the voting machines in Florida.To give you an idea how cold it is here in New York City, the Bush twins switched from margaritas to Irish coffee.I had a rough weekend. I had to drive my mom to the Canadian boarder to get her flu shot.Because of the flu vaccine shortage, President Bush says he will skip getting his flu shot this year. ... Kerry says hell just get an extra shot of botox.Have you noticed this now, both candidates are using fear tactics? Its the last minute in the campaign election and both candidates are using fear tactics. My fear, honest to God, my fear is that one of them will get elected.A couple months ago, Bill Clinton had the quadruple bypass heart surgery. I heard today that he is recuperating nicely from his surgery and he spends about ten minutes a day at his desk having sex.George W. Bush is very confident of being reelected. He is so confident, he brought back the bulge.There are already a lot of irregularities in the early Florida voting. You know its sad when the voting goes smoother in Afghanistan than it does in Florida.Down in Florida, there were computer glitches in the early voting, there were confusing ballots, long lines and chaos. And when President Bush heard about this, he said, Mission accomplished.The campaign is getting heated up, it is really going crazy. John Kerry shook up the whole campaign today, he introduced his own lesbian daughter.The Red Sox fans went insane, and a group of rowdy Red Sox fans actually tipped over Ted Kennedy.John Kerry went duck hunting, and hes do that to fulfill his campaign pledge to hunt down ducks and kill them wherever they are.Kerry did pretty well, he came back with three ducks and four purple hearts.Of course, I have a busy weekend coming up, you probably knew that. Its my last minute Ramadan shopping.Theyve started voting in Florida. The election is three weeks away, and the early voting in Florida, this gives them an extra two weeks to rig the results.They started counting the ballots. Bush now has a slight lead over Gore.You folks seen that new Osama bin Laden tape? Kind of scary dont you think? I thought this was nice, in the tape he reminds Americans to see their clocks back.That bin Laden tape actually worked, hes up three points in the latest Zogby poll.The polls now show the presidential candidates in a dead heat, and in case of a tie, the presidency, of course, goes to the guy whose brother is governor of Florida.Bush is very confident about the election tomorrow, hes so confident that hes going to win that today he was campaigning in front of a Mission Accomplished banner.Tomorrows election should be very exciting, especially at the White House. Heres whats going to happen at the White House, every time a state is called for Bush, the twins will do a shot.I was walking through Central Park today on my lunch hour, and I saw a squirrel doing a manual recount of his nuts.You can tell that the election is finally over, moments ago the hookers left Democracy Plaza.Dick Cheney is thrilled. Today he was wearing his happy sneer.Dont kid yourself, John Kerry now is in big trouble, he really, really, really has to do well in tonights debate, or thats it.Kerry, remember a couple weeks ago he was in Ohio and he went duck hunting, remember? I think that probably hurt John Kerry, because Bush easily carried the duck vote.You gotta feel bad for John Kerry because now hell have to go back to his life of being a Senator, a wind surfer and a billionaire. So thats too bad.Kerry did say he was sorry that he lost the election because he was looking forward to spending less time with his wife.You folks in Ohio, the crooked voting machines are due back in Florida by Friday, okay?Heres some interesting statistics about the election, 11 states voted to ban gay marriages. Three states voted to ban mens figure skating.Dont kid yourself, John Kerry is in big trouble now. He must win in Wisconsin, Iowa, and Missouri or its over.But it was a rough campaign. Now the Kerry daughters are drinking.The rumor is Hillary Clinton is running for president in 2008. Yep. And heres why people think that. Today she was in Ohio duck hunting.Well, you know, the election is over. The first thing this morning President Bush was back at his desk, ignoring intelligence memos.Did you see President Bushs address yesterday afternoon? Very excited, wasnt he? Very excited. He was thrilled. It was like he never won a presidential election before.The guy who is really happy is Dick Cheney. He went crazy. He celebrated last night. He took his daughter to a strip club.Dont you love autumn, folks? Its fantastic. Autumn is the time of year that all the states turn red.Since the election, rumors in Washington are starting to fly. They say Attorney General Ashcroft may be stepping down. Apparently he wants to spend more time spying on his family.John Kerry was seen enjoying a three point concession bounce.Al Gore is very sorry he didnt run. He was watching Kerry and said, That could have been my concession speech.President Bush was re-elected, and today he hit the ground vacationing.Election night, Bush only got two hours of sleep. But dont worry, hell nap through the intelligence briefing.President Bush says that he now has a clear mandate. Coincidently, a clear man date is what Governor McGreevey is looking for.How about that marathon yesterday? Wasnt that amazing? Yep. The marathon is over. All the runners are finished. It turns out the Republicans won.Was that crazy, the election? You know, friends are now concerned, theyre worried about John Kerry, because today he made one last duck hunting trip to Ohio.Bush says now that hes going to simplify the tax code. Have you heard about this? Only the states that are blue will have to pay.The Bushes have a new puppy. Yeah. He selected a new puppy, and the Senate expects rapid confirmation.The new puppys name is Ms. Beasley. And Ms. Beasley will be replacing Barney, who will be moving to the private sector.They thought the puppy had already ruined the Oval Office rug, but it turns out the stain was left over from the Clinton Administration.According to Palestinian sources, Yasser Arafat is dead but improving.New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey is stepping down this weekend. He says he wants to spend more time embarrassing his family.Governor McGreevey is looking back on his greatest achievements while in office. He cites environmental reform, very proud of that, improving education and replacing those hideous drapes in the governors mansion.Earlier right here, the 38th annual Country Music Award show. It turned out to be another heart-breaking loss for John Kerry.John Kerry is already talking about running in 2008. Hes going to make some changes, for example, Kerry will be replacing Teresa Heinz Kerry, his wife, with Diane Keaton for 2008.President Bush and the family get a brand-new dog. The dogs name is Ms. Beasley. Coincidentally, our last president also had a dog that would lick him under the desk.Welcome to the Late Show. My name is Dave Letterman. Im your new hard ass Attorney General.Attorney General John Ashcroft has resigned, but he said he is proud of his record. 3,000 arrests, no indictments.Commerce Secretary Don Evans has also resigned. This really took Bush by surprise. He had no idea we had a Commerce Secretary.Yasser Arafat is not dead, but he may not be well enough to attend his own funeral.After a year of repair, Pennsylvania Avenue right in front of the White House has been reopened. Yeah. However, it will remain closed to John Kerry.As you probably know by now, Yasser Arafat is dead. Damn, just when the peace process was going so well.But it was touching. At Arafats bed there in the hospital in Paris, just before he passed away, Mrs. Arafat leaned down very close to him and whispered three words: Wheres the money?But calls were coming in from all over the world to Mrs. Arafat. Tony Blair, for example, called and expressed his sympathy. Vladimir Putin, he sent his condolences. Bill OReilly called, Bill OReilly. He asked what she was wearing.You know who might run for [president in] 2008? Hillary Clinton. Thats right, Hillary Clinton. Her husband, Bill, is so excited hes already interviewing White House interns.15 years ago this week, the Berlin Wall came down. 15 Years ago. Yep. Politically speaking, I believe this was the biggest thing to go down until -- well, Monica.Welcome to the program. Folks are here on a great night. The entire balcony here in the Ed Sullivan Theater is filled with outgoing members of the Bush Cabinet.Colin Powell and three other Cabinet members resigned today. And President Bush says it proves that hes winning the war against his own staff.The Arafat funeral went pretty well. Only 30 people were killed.Its been a tough week for Mrs. Arafat. Shes so distraught she can barely shop.But at the funeral itself, there were riots. There were people sobbing. There were guns firing. Its the same reaction I got when I hosted the Academy Awards.You know what happened over the weekend? Dick Cheney, they rushed him to the hospital. ... And dont kid yourself, it was serious. For a few minutes, President Bush was actually in charge.On Thursday the presidential, Clinton Presidential Library opens up on Thursday in Arkansas. Its a wonderful facility. Its a state-of-the-art library. In fact, visitors will be able to get a virtual Lewinsky.Here is an important announcement. President Bush announced he will not be burying anymore nuclear waste in the state of Nevada. Hes not going to bury anymore nuclear waste -- or as he said nukelar waste -- in Nevada. He said he will bury it in a blue state.Today was the day that President Bush was going to pardon the presidential turkey. You know, he does it every year. Its symbolic. Before he could pardon the turkey, he had actually resigned. Everybody is gone.So Colin Powell has resigned and Condoleezza Rice is replacing him, and in 2009, she will replace Jay Leno.Its kind of weird because Bush wins the election and now everybody is leaving. As a matter of fact, the Bush twins have been replaced by the Hilton sisters. Not a bad deal.I guess we know what happened in Little Rock, Arkansas, at the opening of the Clinton Presidential Library.President Bush was excited to be there because he had never been to a library before.The library itself is state-of-the-art. When you take a tour of the library, they have an exact replica of the Oval Office, and its complete with an animatronic Hillary throwing a lamp.How many of you folks saw the big melee between the Pacers and Pistons? It was crazy, there was screaming, there was shoving, there was rioting. Im telling you, it was just like being at Arafats funeral.Those White House resignations - crazy, isnt it? Colin Powell and everybody else taking a hike. And Tom Ridge, Homeland Security. How are we going to fill those shoes?There was another White House resignation earlier today. Laura Bush! Thats right, Laura Bush is stepping down. Shes going to be replaced by Mary Tyler Moore.Iran supposedly is working on a nuclear missile. Thats chilling. The good news is, however, they have to drop it from a camel.The NYPD just broke up a mob-operated limousine company. The mob was controlling a limousine company. And I was thinking, I think I rode with them once from the airport...I had to ride in the trunk all the way back in.But remember, this is New York City. You dont have to take a mob- owned limousine. You can take an Al Qaeda-owned cab.President Bush is back from his trip to Colombia. I thought it was very nice. He brought back a poncho for Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter.But Bush has a big problem now, and dont kid yourself. It turns out he ignored an intelligence memo about the Indiana Pacers.Dan Rather, beloved CBS News anchorman Dan Rather, announced he is stepping down as anchorman of the CBS News in March. The good news is he will be replaced by Conan OBrien.?How many of you folks saw the big Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade? ? Each giant balloon, each of those giant balloons that you see, takes 54 men to control it with big cables tethering the balloon. Its the same team that gets Michael Moore into his pants.??Your Governor Pataki, George Pataki, theyre saying he may become the next director of Homeland Security. Yeah. Right now hes home memorizing the color chart.??President Bush has ordered an increase of 50% in spies and terror analysts at the CIA. Hes increasing that activity. Apparently he hasnt been getting enough intelligence memos to ignore.?Heres a late breaking bulletin from the Bush White House. The White House Christmas tree has submitted its resignation.Earlier today, President Bush called on all Americans to do volunteer work, for example, National Guard service.By the way, this just in, I heard it before I came out here. Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge has resigned. Yep. Hes being replaced by Conan OBrien.President Bush is up in Canada. Hes up there to mend US-Canadian relations, and hes also going to pick up some discount Lipitor for Cheney.They have the big White House Christmas tree. Its beautiful, quite a sight, big, huge, 20-foot tree. They have 200 glass balls on the tree, 75 tinsel garlands, 50 letters of resignation.Last couple of days, President Bush was in Canada and things are not good between the Canadians and the United States. ... Didnt go very well. But on the bright side, he was able to refill all his prescriptions while he was there.He also had some time to do some shopping while he was up there, and he bought a real nice lumberjack shirt for Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter.Last night, did you see the Nick and Jessica Christmas special? How many of you saw that? Yeah. Apparently the Bush Administration knew all about it but did nothing to stop it.Earlier tonight down in Washington, they had the lighting of the national White House Christmas tree. They threw the switch and the tree came to life. It worked so well they are going to try to do the same thing with Dick Cheney.Over at NBC, our good friend Tom Brokaw signed off after being the Nightly News anchor man for 21 years. ... Out of habit, President Bush accepted his resignation.You know Dan Rather is leaving CBS in March. Rumors now are that Tim Russert, the Meet the Press guy, might replace Dan Rather on the CBS Evening News. What kind of a moron would jump from NBC to CBS?Youre here on a special night. The entire balcony in the Ed Sullivan Theatre is filled with skeletons from Bernard Keriks closet.Today is the busiest mailing day of the year, the Post Office will handle 85 million pieces of mail. Thats right. Theyll handle them, they wont mail them.An apartment building on Fifth Avenue is getting rid of its red tailed hawk. Turns out he had an illegal nanny.President Bush has announced that our new Energy Secretary will be Sam Bodman. Yeah. Gee, I hope he can fill the charisma void left by Spencer Abraham.Things are going very well for President Bush. He had his annual checkup and he passed his physical, no word yet on his mental.Welcome to the Late Show. I know youre disappointed, but you know, you have to go with the host you have, not with the host you want.It was so cold today in New York City that Bernard Kerik was happy to be getting the heat from his wife.This is the sixth year anniversary of President Bill Clintons impeachment. Six years ago this week, he was impeached. I think we all remember where we were when we heard that Bill Clinton was being impeached. I know he probably remembers where he was when he heard he was being impeached. He was at his desk in the Oval Office having sex.Cold today in New York City, am I right about that? Oh, lousy. Heres how cold it is today. Both of the Bush twins switched from Margaritas to Irish coffee.I get these, instead of Christmas cards, you get like memos from cousins and family members and friends, like I got one today, it was like a 40-page memo, and its an update about what the, you know, like you care. So Im reading it and it starts off like this, it says, Well, its been an up and down year for the Kerik family.Were learning more and more about former Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, turns out he had three wives. Three wives. Had two mistresses and several girlfriends. And every cent he earned went for Viagra.You folks remember Chemical Ali? The Iraqi official, well, theyve got him and hes going to be standing trial. And it does not look good for Chemical Ali, he does not have a very convincing alibi. He says he was out fishing with Scott Peterson.Ukrainian presidential candidate Victor Yushchenko was poisoned. Hes fine now, but have you seen him? He just looks weird, he just very unnatural, his face is disfigured, its also discolored...no, thats Michael Jackson.What an ugly audience we had last night. Half way through the show, they tried to get me to drink Ukrainian soup.How about that Bernie Kerik? ... Man alive, I think he would have made a great Homeland Security director. He had three wives and two mistresses. I mean, hes used to fighting terrorism, isnt he?But Bernard Kerik, with all his trouble, he too is in the holiday spirit. Earlier tonight he went carolling, then he went Michelleing, then he went Nancying. Then finally he went Racheling.There is a big, famous apartment building [in New York City]. Living on a window is a hawk, so people got fed up and chased the hawk off. ... Since the hawk has been out there, it has raised 20 chicks. The hawk has raised 20 chicks. I believe there havent been that many chicks on a ledge since, well, since I guess Hillary came home unexpectedly.For the holidays, Paris Hilton has a brand-new perfume with a secret ingredient. Secret ingredient. Now coincidentally, Barry Bonds, San Francisco slugger Barry Bonds, also has cologne for the holidays with a secret ingredient. But he swears he has no idea what is in it.Good news, President Bush had his annual checkup, you know and he passed the physical with flying colors. No word yet on the mental part of the test.But the one thing, his body fat is up 18%. So he is starting to balloon a little bit and to give you an idea how heavy that is, if he was a woman, Bill Clinton would hit on him.They made George Bush Person of the Year, but I was on the list. I was right between Bernard Kerik and Chemical Ali. Very close.Its so cold, Bernard Kerik was glad to be in hot water.Down in Washington, President Bush outlined his second term agenda. Heres what it iss off and ladies drink free.You know the Republican senators, now theyve turned against Rumsfeld, they want Rumsfeld to resign. So heres what Rumsfeld did. He found out who was behind this movement and hes stripping these Senators and running them around on a leash.Yesterday was the busiest mailing day of the season. I went to the Post Office and it was crazy. People were shoving, people were pushing, people were fighting. It was like Arafats funeral.Well, more bad news for Bernard Kerik. Today he was officially placed on Santas naughty list.Theyre running low on food on the International Space Station. Isnt that amazing? They asked Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld about this. He said, Well, you go with the food you got, not with the food you want.More trouble for this Donald Rumsfeld. His auto pen malfunctioned and began signing the name Lemony Snicket.But today, President Bush said that he was standing by Rumsfeld. And you know what that means, hell be gone in a week.President Bush began making Federal cuts in the government budget, big, big cuts. I thought this was a good idea. To help out, the Bush twins are switching to Riteaid Vodka.Well, the Clintons, you remember President Clinton and Hillary? Yeah, theyre celebrating Christmas up there in Chappaqua, and its the same every year. Heres what happens, Hillary comes downstairs Christmas morning and finds a surprise under Bill.Today, of course, is the end of President George Bushs Christmas vacation, and tomorrow he begins his winter vacation.Violent crime, according to the year-end statistics, violent crime in New York City is way, way down. Its amazing, isnt it? And it just goes to show you, you get Martha Stewart off the street and look what happens.Theres rumors that Osama bin Laden has moved to a major city. Isnt that odd? Apparently he plans to keep his cave for the weekends.For the third year in a row, Oprah Winfrey was voted Americas favorite TV personality. Im very proud. I also was on that list. I was a little farther down. I was right between Bernard Kerik and Scott Peterson.Im so happy we have a good group in the audience tonight, because last night the audience, whoa, horrible! ... Heres how lousy they were. After the show, they went out and pointed a laser beam at a jet.Turned out its a guy in New Jersey. You hear about this? He was pointing a high powered laser beam at jetliners as they would fly other his house. And they grabbed the guy and arrested the guy and everybody is okay. One good thing did come of the episode, the in-flight meals were warmed up a little from the laser, but thats...There was an animal rights group, I thought this was fascinating, they asked former President Carter to stop fishing. How about that? They told him to stop fishing, and I was thinking about this. This makes him the first president ever, I believe, told to put away his rod since since...well, Clinton.A guy in New Jersey was arrested because he was shooting laser beams at commercial jetliners. Im telling you, it was so unnerving that the pilot poured himself another scotch.January 2005, you know what that means, among other things, the election is supposed to be held in Iraq. ... They think its going to be close. They think its going to come down to the New York City cabdriver absentee ballots.You know that Donald Trump? This guy is introducing a line of hair care products. I mean, thats like George Bush publishing a dictionary.Well, preparations are in high gear for the for the Bush inauguration. Its really beginning to look bad now for John Kerry.You remember President Clinton, right? Bubba. He and George W. Bush are apparently buddies, theyre pals, theyre getting together, hanging around, becoming friends. A lot of people think it may just be Clintons way of making a move on the Bush twins.Thank you very much. I appreciate that, but honestly, how many of you folks are just here for the openings at CBS News?Its like a bloodbath over at CBS News. Have you heard about all of the firings? Its crazy. I believe the last time this many CBS executives got fired was, well, shortly after I was hired.The people fired by CBS, you know, I heard about this. They were treated badly. The people who got fired by CBS News, and Ill got right on record and say it. They were treated shabbily. They were called together and forced to form a naked pyramid.Did you hear about Mahmoud Abbas was elected president in Palestine? Did you hear about that? I understand the votes were counted by Mahmoud Abbass brother, Jeb Abbas.Guess who was at the Detroit auto show opening night? Bill Clinton, former President Bill Clinton, thats right, doing his part. And they have the beautiful auto show models, you know, demonstrating the cars like that, and he was seen talking to one of the auto show models, apparently about the price for a Hummer.The United states has stopped searching for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. ... So two years of looking, one war, and the closest we came to was a pound and a half of rancid Mutton.You like those celebrity biography things? ... PBS had one on tonight, biography of Osama bin Laden. Many interesting stories about Osama bin Laden. Apparently he was compulsive about washing his hands and he dated Ava Gardner.President Bush now says that Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction. Oh. Ill be darned.Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction, but Bush says there is strong evidence that Saddam Hussein had an illegal nanny.Today is the fifth anniversary of my quintuple bypass heart surgery. Yes, quintuple bypass surgery or as Dick Cheney calls it, a routine checkup!A celebrity birthday right here at CBS, Andy Rooney, ladies and gentlemen, 86 years. ... The gang there at 60 Minutes got together and gave him a lovely forged birthday memo.Insiders claim George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are actually friends. Listen to this, in fact after Clintons recent heart surgery, President Bush was nice enough to send him a get-well intern.An anniversary this week, have any idea what it is? Seven years ago this week, President Clinton said, I did not have sex with that woman. ... Apparently Clinton did not feel that his behavior qualified as sex. Gee, I dont know. If that happened to me, I think Id count it.It was so cold today, Bill and Hillary got in the same bed.The US has sent a top secret reconnaissance team into Iran. A top secret recognizance team is now on its way to Iran. How secret could it be if a dumb ass like me knows about it?Theres a rumor that Al Qaeda is going bankrupt. Al Qaeda may be going bankrupt. And I think perhaps this is true. Heres why. Last week, Martha Stewart dumped her Al Qaeda stock.The presidential inauguration is an enormous celebration, a huge ritual, very, very expensive, very, very lavish, repeated once every four years. No, Im sorry, thats the Trump wedding.Everybody was in a great mood because of the inauguration. Senator Ted Kennedy, as a matter of fact, he was in such a great mood, he had a few too many cocktails. And he was writing his name in the snow.The security for the inauguration was very, very tight, very, very tight. The Bush twins, as a matter of fact, were stopped several times by Margarita-sniffing dogs.Dignitaries from all over the world attended the inauguration with the exception of Prince Harry of England. Prince Harry could not be there, but he sent his greetings from his mountaintop bunker in Bavaria.But it was exciting. All the former Democratic Presidents were there. You had Clinton, Carter, you had Gore. They were all there.It was cold in Washington for the inauguration. So cold, President Carter built himself a shelter.Did you hear the Presidents inauguration address? Did you hear it? It was tremendous. He outlined a bold agenda and he also gave his Oscar picks.We have a calling from beyond the stars. Thats what President Bush said in his inauguration message earlier today. We have a calling from beyond the stars, and you know what that means. Hes drinking again.You folks see the inauguration ceremony last night? George W. Bush sworn in as President? I have to tell you ? it is starting to look really bad for John Kerry.But I want to tell you it was nice to see a president put his hand on a Bible instead of on an intern, wasnt it?Bushs inauguration address was interrupted 27 times by applause and three times for vacation.But you know, the inauguration was a huge success. President Bush raised $40 million.It was a huge family night, big night for the Bush family. This morning the Bush twins woke up in Lincolns lap.John Kerry was criticized for throwing away his military service medals back in the 70s. So, not to be outdone, today President Bush threw away his National Guard spotty attendance ribbon.President Bush was overseas, he was in Rome, he was visiting the Pope. Did you see those photos? Oh, my God, the poor guy, he looked old, he looked confused, like he didnt know where he was. And then the Pope told Bush to relax and enjoy himself.On his way back, President Bush stopped in Canada where he received a cool reception. But on the bright side, he was able to go to a Canadian drugstore and fill his prescriptions.Saddam Hussein is apparently out of it. He kept asking, when is Sean Penn coming back?Heres a quick reminder for all Iraqis watching. The crooked voting machines are due back in Florida by Friday.There was a bounty on Osama bin Laden. $25 million. And theyve now doubled it $50 million. ... It makes sense because if you are a goat farmer in Tora Bora, $25 million is just not going to get your attention.Turning our attention to North Korea, dictator Kim Jong Il said when he retires he is looking forward to turning the power over to his son. You know his son, Mental-li Il.Over in Iraq, United States authorities have admitted that $9 billion is missing. Wow! Theyve misplaced $9 billion in Iraq. Thats crazy, isnt it. Im fairly confident theyll find it. Its probably somewhere with the weapons of mass destruction.The difference between George W. Bushs first term and the George W. Bush second term as we see it coming. The first term: Naps from 2 pm to 5 pm. Second term: Naps from 2 pm to 6 pm.The first term: Wrecked the Middle East. Second term: Wrecking Social Security.The first term: Spent a lot of time and energy running for re-election. Second term: Already gearing up to run for that elusive third term.The first term: Choked on a pretzel. Second term: Close to a deal with Nabisco to choke on an Oreo.The first term: Americans go to Canada to avoid expensive drugs. Second term: Americans go to Canada to avoid draft.The first term: Sought to bring dignity to the White House. Second term: Seeks to bring monster truck shows to the White House.The first term: Lies to get us into war with Iraq. Second term: Lies to get us out of the war with Iraq.The first term: Criticized for spending too much time vacationing on Texas ranch. Second term: Will spend more time vacationing at Kennebunkport beach house.The first term: Dazed. Second term: Confused.The first term: Tried to keep harmony between members of cabinet. Second term: Trying to keep Bush twins out of liquor cabinet.he first term: Vows To one day put a man on Mars. Second term: Vows to one day put a man on Liza Minnelli.President Bushs State of the Union speech was interrupted 40 times by applause. 40 times by applause. And twice to look up a word in the dictionary.And in the State of the Union address, Bush also announced his visionary plan to bring peace to Brad Pitt and Jennifer Anniston.Top ten surprises in George W. Bushs State of the Union address: 10. Instead of Hail to the Chief, Marine band played 50 Cents In Da Club. 9. Began with wacky comedy skit about Hillary Clinton fainting then yelled, Live from New York its Saturday night. 8. For first 5 minutes, President wandered aimlessly looking for his shadow. 7. Didnt bother to take off his iPod. 6. His curious decision to wear t-shirt: The more I learn about women, the more I love my truck. 5. President paused frequently to sip from Big Gulp. 4. His nunchucks wizardry. 3. His tearful plea to Brad and Jennifer to work things out. 2. The guy wouldnt shut up about Meet The Fockers. 1. When he accidentally outed Rumsfeld.How many of you folks saw President Bush last night during the State of the Union address? How many of you? Heres how dumb I am. I watched the whole thing, I have no idea what he said.Heres what happened. Early on, my dog steps on the remote. And I had to listen to the rest of the speech in Spanish.It was a long, dull speech. Listen to this, halfway through the long, dull speech, Ted Kennedy sent drinks over to the Bush twins. That long, that dull.The Patriots had their big Super Bowl victory celebration earlier today. ... These celebration parades, they always get out of hand and something ugly happens. ... A couple of rowdy teen punks, and apparently they were crazy or something, they went nuts and they tipped over Ted Kennedy.The President submitted his annual budget. $2.5 trillion. And dont kid yourself on this George W. Bush. This guy is sneaky. ... He budgeted the upcoming invasion of Iran under office supplies.President Bush, bless his heart, is trying to cut the Federal budget. Two and a half trillion dollars. And hes trying to can you wherever he can, hes going to get rid of unnecessary White House employees. So apparently hes resigning.Condoleezza Rice now has warned Iran to stop its nuclear program. They say, stop the nuclear program or face the next step. The next step, of course, being fabrication of evidence. Then we march right in.Dick Cheney says he will not be running for president in 2008.George Bush is requesting an additional $82 billion for war funding; $82 billion. Of course that would include Afghanistan, Iraq, and a country to be named later.The FDA is forming a drug safety board that will test all new drugs before they go out on market.John Negroponte has now been appointed National Intelligence Director by President Bush. Negroponte is our current Ambassador to Iraq. I know what youre thinking: Why would he leave a dream job like that?Everybody in New York City is in a Presidents Day mood. Coming to work this morning, my cab driver was wearing his stove pipe turban.President Bush, by the way, is in Europe, hell be going to Brussels, Germany, and Amsterdam to get some primo weed.In these tapes, President Bush admits that at one time he tried marijuana. And thats not all, you think thats stunning, theres also a secret tape of Osama bin Laden and he admits at one time trying pork.A friend of George W. Bush secretly taped Bush? Thats crazy. And I know what youre all thinking, youre all thinking, well, how the hell did somebody trick George Bush?Top ten good things about having the same name as a president: 10. Andrew Jackson: When I withdraw money from the bank, instead of asking for twenties, I ask for mes. 9. James Garfield: Every morning as I walk into Radio Shack, my co-workers have to play Hail To The Chief. 8. George Washington: I get the History Channel for free. 7. William Henry Harrison: I dont just say no when my wife wants to redo the kitchen ? I veto it. 6. William McKinley: Surefire pickup line: Want to Mount McKinley? 5. Richard Nixon: Nothing. 4. William Clinton: I always get VIP treatment at strip clubs. 3. Zachary Taylor: Im named after the guy who...actually, Id never heard of him until today. 2. Thomas Jefferson: When I show up at Colonial Williamsburg, I get more tail than Frank Sinatra. 1. George W. Bush: Its fun to buy rounds for everyone and send the tab to the White House.President Bush, by the way, is on his European tour. Four-day trip to Belgium, Slovakia, Belarus, and several other places he cant pronounce.Jose Canseco was in New York City today of all places signing his new book. And it was crazy, he signed so many books that he had to stop twice to juice himself in the ass.In the conversation, George W. Bush admitted that he once smoked marijuana. Yeah, he said that he would like to get high and then listen to John Ashcroft sing, Let the Eagles Soar.President Bush is in Europe, hes in Germany, and he stopped in Frankfurt. And he got off the plane and he electrified the crowd with, Ich bin ein Frankfurter.It was so cold today in New York, Bill was happy to get the third degree from Hillary.The US has captured Saddam Husseins half brother, Sabawi Ibrahim al Hussein. So they have Saddam, they have Sabawi, all we need now is Shemp.Russia has agreed to help Iran build a nuclear reactor. Yeah, when you think well built nuclear reactor, you think Russia. Thats where you want to be.Top Ten Other Changes At CNN Besides Broadcasting Liquor Commercials:New York City cabs now are equipped with computers. Theyre getting computer screens in the cabs, thats amazing when you think about it. Its nice to know that your cab driver can now receive e-mail from Al Qaeda.The CIA says now they have intercepted a message from Osama bin Laden...and they know that its authentic, because the Is, the letter Is in the message are all dotted with hearts.Good news for you folks visiting from out of town. Crime here in New York City is at an all time low.The US now has convicted Osama bin Ladens spiritual advisor. They have convicted, I believe his name is Sheik Phil.And next were going after Osamas yoga instructor.Theres a congressional committee investigating steroid use in Major League Baseball, and so far they have subpoenaed a bunch of folks to testify about the use of steroids. Jason Giambi, Sammy Sosa subpoenaed, Curt Schilling subpoenaed. Janet Reno subpoenaed.Top Ten Things Overheard During Bill Clintons Hospital Stay: 10. A nurse is coming! Put him in the restraints.President Clinton is back in his home and recovering from surgery. ... It is interesting that he had to have all this work done on his heart.President Clinton is out of the hospital. So lets take a look.You know Martha Stewart is under house arrest, and theres a 24-hour surveillance team monitoring Marthas whereabouts. Nothing yet on Al Qaeda.One congressman said that baseball cannot be trusted, and I was thinking, Well, no, not like you can trust Congress.Why is Bud Selig so damn creepy?Ever snort rosin?How will all this affect the value of my baseball card collection?Mr. Palmerio, are you more embarrassed by the steroids scandal or those Viagra commercials?Can we really call this a hearing if none of you are saying anything?Barney Frank wants to know if Johnny Damon is single.Can you think of a better way to waste taxpayers money?We should have invited David Wells ? at least hed bring beer.Why dont the Mets take performance-enhancing drugs?And this just in, ladies and gentlemen, Saddam Hussein wants his trial moved to Los Angeles.Down in Washington they had the annual big Easter egg hunt out there on the White House lawn. The kids found 800 eggs and 200 John Kerry ballots from Ohio.But at the White House Easter egg hunt, no eggs were actually found but President Bush continues to claim that they are there.Top Ten Things Overheard At The White House Easter Egg Hunt: 10. Doctor needs to know how much egg dye the President drank.Instead of eggs, shouldnt we be looking for Osama?The CIA is picking up a lot of yolk-related chatter.Unfortunately the Easter Bunnys been detained at Gitmo.Cheneys eating ham? Better fire up the defibrillator.Mr. President, is this your Easter recess, your spring break or are you still on your Presidents Day vacation?No eggs, but here are thousands of votes for John Kerry.We also found a gun with Robert Blakes fingerprints.Should we get a Kosher bunny for the Jewish kids?One of the kids found a pair of Clintons pants.Here in New York city we got a big problem...potholes. Giant potholes, were not talking about little dingy things, were talking with enormous, so massive, so deep that the Feds actually think that Osama bin Laden is hiding in one.It was chilly at Yankee stadium for opening day. So cold, Jose Canseco was injecting players with hot cocoa.They say the reason that President George Bush is more relaxed is every afternoon, he gets a full body massage. Yeah, the afternoon massage takes the place of the old Bush method, vodka.I was thinking about this full body massage in the afternoon, isnt that what got the last guy impeached?This is what Dick Cheney says, a woman president in his lifetime. I was thinking hell be lucky if he sees Thursday in his lifetime.But say what you will about the Vice President, he is an optimist, he said he also fully expects to see a Hollywood celebrity convicted in his lifetime.Trouble down in Washington. Yesterday police arrested a man acting strangely. He was carrying two giant suitcases. Security got him and arrested him. He is in jail. President Bush claims that were winning the war on luggage.It turns out the man with the two large suitcases was not a terrorist. He was just delivering lunch to Ted Kennedy.Yesterday down in Washington DC, the Feds jumped a guy who was behaving suspiciously and he was carrying two large suitcases. So they jumped and they arrested him and it turns out, kind of had a funny ending him. Thank God, hes not a terrorist. And the suitcases were full of cash for Tom DeLay.Theres a claim now that President Bush spends two hours a day playing video games. ... Heres the good news, thats two hours less he spends being president.It was so nice down in Washington, DC, that Tom DeLay was accepting cash in the park.Well, earlier today down in Washington, DC, President Bush threw out the first pitch for the Washington Nationals home opener, and an hour later they threw out the first Kennedy.Friends, now, insiders say that each day President Bush spends two hours playing video games. ... Now lets think about this. Theres a war in Iraq, gas prices have never been higher, and whats he working on, getting Spiderman to the third level.Apparently, George loves video games. His favorite one, I believe, is Grand Theft Election.Its an historic day, on this day in 1912, 1500 people went down on the Titanic. That record would later be broken by President Clinton.Celebrity birthdays, Saddam Hussein, 68 years old. Happy birthday to Saddam Hussein. Saddam is a very simple man, he says all he wants for his birthday is the Robert Blake jury.A big scare down in Washington, DC, yesterday. Something weird shows up on the radar. So they grab, Secret Service guys, grab President Bush and they take him to a bunker, a subterranean bunker. I didnt realize they had one at the White House, but they go way down in the ground and there is a bunker. ... It is a hidden bunker. Its -- its the same place where Tom DeLay picks up his cash payments.Top Ten Thoughts Going Through President Bushs Mind At This Moment (TV screen shows picture of Bush holding hands with Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah): 10. Wow, his hands are as soft as Rumsfelds.This is more action than I get from Laura.Thank God there are no cameras around.Should I invite him back to the house to watch Will & Grace?I knew this would happen if I started drinking again.If this will lower oil prices, Ill do anything.Now Prince Charles is gonna wonder why I wouldnt hold his hand.I wonder if this will help get me re-elected in 2008?What we need is a constitutional amendment to ban this.Im officially the gayest president since Lincoln.This week is the 68th anniversary of the Hindenburg going down in 1937, over there in Lakehurst, New Jersey, I believe, the Hindenburg going down in 1937. I believe it was the biggest thing to go down on the East Coast, until Monica.Here is kind of an odd story. They catch a guy on the Mexican border coming into the United States. Hes smuggling in -- what do you think hes smuggling in? Hes smuggling in 800 pounds of bologna -- 800 pounds of bologna being smuggled in from Mexico. President Bush says by God, this proves that were winning the war against deli meat, yes sir.Good news, ladies and gentlemen in the war against terror, Al Qaedas number three man has been captured. Yeah. This guy was a terror mastermind. In fact this is the guy who has been putting fingers in our food.Everybody in New York City gets in a very festive mood when its Cinco de Mayo. ... And down in Washington, Tom DeLay is accepting all bribes in pesos.The new president of Iraq said US troops will probably be out of that country in two years, two years. The bad news is, theyll be next door in Iran.Madam Tussauds Wax Museum unveiled a brand-new wax statue down there, the new Paris Hilton statue. And people tell me that this statue is so life like, that the statue of Bill Clinton had been hitting on her.President Bush over the weekend was in Russia, and hes there buying duty-free vodka for the twins.Big scare in Washington earlier today. The White House and the Capitol building were evacuated this morning when a small plane entered restricted air space. Turned out it was a false alarm. Everybody was fine. What it was, it was a lobbyist airlifting bribe money to Tom DeLay.But Congress was evacuated. It caused a 15-minute interruption of getting absolutely nothing accomplished.And then the military forced the pilot to land and confiscated his Coppertone banner.But there hasnt been such a panicked evacuation of the White House since Hillary walked in on Bill.Big scare in Washington earlier today. The White House and the Capitol building were evacuated this morning when a small plane entered restricted air space. Turned out it was a false alarm. Everybody was fine. What it was, it was a lobbyist airlifting bribe money to Tom DeLay.But Congress was evacuated. It caused a 15-minute interruption of getting absolutely nothing accomplished.And then the military forced the pilot to land and confiscated his Coppertone banner.But there hasnt been such a panicked evacuation of the White House since Hillary walked in on Bill.How about that deal down in Washington yesterday, an airplane comes through restricted airspace over the White House and the Capitol, and they evacuated the White House and a big scare. And everybody is running and like crazy, but you know, Ted Kennedy, give Senator Kennedy a lot of credit. During the evacuation he stayed very cool. He said to the security guard, Cover me, Im making a run for Hooters.Nice to see that our government remains calm in a crisis. My God, I have seen less panic in a Godzilla movie.But thank God it turned out to be a false alarm, and a very unusual situation. You know what it was, very strange situation. It was a student pilot who was in this country legally.The pilot was completely lost, disoriented, so what he did, he just continued drifting along, hoping for the best -- no, wait a minute, thats President Bush.Top Ten Thoughts Going Through Vladimir Putins Mind At This Moment (TV screen shows picture of Putin showing Bush how to drive Putins car, a 1956 Vulga): 10. Thats it ? turn the wheel left and the car goes left.Hes getting the steering wheel sticky with taffy.How can an adult get his necktie tangled around the gear shift?I regret not making that 15-minute call to Geico.Floor it, you dumb hillbilly.At this point, would it be more dangerous to jump out or stay in?This baby gets so much as a scratch, Im launching the nukes.Id be better off letting Billy Joel drive this thing.Not often you hear a grown man saying, Vrooom! Vrooom!Why is his hand in my lap?60th anniversary of the end of World War II, ladies and gentlemen, end of World War II. You folks remember World War II. That was the war where our troops defeated the ruthless tyrant and then we actually left.Saddam Hussein in prison and writing his personal memoir. And he will describe his relationship with his three sons Uday, Qusay, and Little Joe.Its a memoir by Saddam Hussein, its I believe -- he is the first jailed dictator to write a book since, well, Martha Stewart.Newsweek had to retract a report about the Koran, and the article caused a violent anti-US rioting in Muslim countries. And thats too bad, because up until now they really loved us.Ladies and gentlemen, at this time I would like to retract last nights show. And we apologize for the rioting it caused.It was such a slow news day, that Newsweek couldnt even make up a story.President Bush was saying today, talking to people, talking to the press, taking to various people and he said, I wish I could wave a magic wand and lower gas prices. Then he said, I wish I could wave a magic wand and bring the troops home. Then he said, I wish I could wave a magic wand and fix health care. And I was thinking, Boy, this guy waves his wand more than Clinton.When a Star Wars movie opens up, people call in sick. They dont go to work. How many folks called in sick to go see Star Wars? See, thats exactly right. Even the guy who writes the phony stories for Newsweek, he phoned in sick today.A beautiful day in New York City today, so incredibly beautiful, over at Newsweek, as a matter of fact, so lovely today they were out on the roof making up stories.This is probably the best one yet, it is Attack of the Sith. And the whole crew is back, Mace Windu, Chewbacca, Jar Jar Binks, Count Dooku -- no, no, wait a minute that is Iraqs new governing council.Saddam Hussein is still in jail and hes writing his memoir all about his life as an evil dictator. And hes going to promote it, honestly. This is the craziest thing, he is already going to promote it. Next week he will attend a book signing at Barnes & Evil.This just in, ladies and gentlemen. People magazine has just named Saddam Hussein sexiest man alive.Did you folks get a chance to see the photos of Saddam Hussein in his underpants? Yes, I think Cialis is right for him.Saddam Hussein in his underpants, finally some quality pornography for women.You cant see it right now, ladies and gentlemen, probably no way for you to know this, so Im going to tell you, Im wearing tonight my new Saddam Hussein underpants. Thank you. Yes, sir. Talk about your weapon of mass destruction!How many folks saw the pictures of Saddam Hussein in his underpants? I dont know. Im from the school of thought that if I want to see a hairy guy in his underpants, Ill just hail a cab.It was so hot down in Washington, DC, that Deep Throat, Deep Throat was in an underground garage just to get out of the sun. Thats how hot it was here.Yeah, Deep Throat is all over the place. This morning, he was making spaghetti bolognaise with Tony Danza.Surprise him with a years supply of mustache dye.Bring him his old Worlds Greatest Dictator mug.Laugh at his impression of Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad.Give him a collection of hilarious Yo mullahs so fat jokes.Remind him his one permitted phone call saved him 15% on his car insurance.Membership in the Falafel of the Month Club.Show him some of them Hey, Vern movies.Package of new underpants.Three words: Los Angeles jury.Heres how hot it was today in New York City, it was so hot, Deep Throat met with Ben and Jerry.Recently now they came up with John Kerrys college grades, his record in college, and it was surprising. His average, John Kerry, while he was in college, was a 76. George Bushs average, while he was in the same college, Yale, was 77. When he heard that, Bush said, You mean, hes the dumb one?The records show as a freshman John Kerry had four Ds, and I know the feeling. Honestly, I think if my grades had been higher, I might have gotten the Tonight Show.Mark Felt announced he was Deep Throat. That was a stunning revelation. Then earlier today, the same guy announced that back in the 70s, he was Big Foot.In about a month, the trial of Saddam Hussein will begin over in Iraq. In about a month he goes on trial. We have a list now. The witnesses for the defense include Chemical Ali, Tariq Aziz and Macauley Culkin. Odd.But the charges against Saddam Hussein, heres what they are. Attacking Iran is one of the charges. Invading Kuwait. But the good news, the lawyers were able to get them to drop the shoplifting charge.John Kerrys grade average at Yale, 76. George Bush also attended Yale. His grade average, 77. I thought 77 was pretty good considering Bush never showed up.Speaking of presidents, coincidently, President Clinton also had low marks on his thighs.Top Ten Ways George W. Bush Can Regain His Popularity: 10. Dip into Social Security to give every American free HBO. 9. Use diplomacy to bring peace to Brad, Jen and Angelina. 8. Try fixing Iraq, creating some jobs, reducing the deficit and maybe capturing Osama. 7. Figure out a way for the Yankees to win a game. 6. Replace his country simpleton persona with more lovable hillbilly idiot image. 5. Use weekly radio address to give Americans a Van Halen twofer. 4. Get Saddam to switch to boxers. 3. Ditch the librarian and make Eva Longoria First Lady. 2. Resign. 1. Jump on Oprahs couch while professing his love for Katie Holmes.Saddam Hussein is going on trial sometime this month. The trial begins soon. He has already picked out his courtroom underpants. Hes ready to go.If youre fascinated by legal circumstances, Saddam is being charged now with invading Kuwait, being charged with attacking Iran, and also hitting a hotel clerk with a telephone.But testifying against Saddam Hussein, one of the people testifying against Saddam Hussein, Chemical Ali. Remember Chemical Ali? ... After the trial, he goes into the witness protection program under the name Chemical Steve.I love events like this. Everybody in New York City has Belmont fever. Earlier today, former FBI official Mark Felt revealed that he was Seabiscuit.The new Batman movie opens up this weekend. ... You folks know Batman, of course. He is the rich whacko that lives in a cave that is not Osama bin Laden.This just in. Saddam Hussein would like his trial moved to Santa Maria, California.You heard all the grumbling and complaints out of Guantanamo where they have the al Qaeda detainees; they say they are being mistreated, subjected to mild noninjurious physical contact. Lets go through that again, mild, noninjurious physical contact. I mean its like going six rounds with Mike Tyson.Former President Bill Clinton is on the show tonight, and....I was thinking about this. President Clinton is friends with the first President Bush now. And also close friends with the next President Clinton.You folks know whats going on down there in Guantanamo where they have the Al Qaeda suspects. People are getting upset. Theyre claiming the conditions arent good and they have a list of complaints. They say theres forced isolation, yeah, forced isolation -- youre gasping. And theyre not being able to use the bathroom, not allowed to use the bathroom. And they endure temperature extremes, and -- wait a minute, thats this audience.You folks know whats going on down there in Guantanamo where they have the Al Qaeda suspects. People are getting upset. Theyre claiming the conditions arent good and they have a list of complaints. They say theres forced isolation, yeah, forced isolation -- youre gasping. And theyre not being able to use the bathroom, not allowed to use the bathroom. And they endure temperature extremes, and -- wait a minute, thats this audience.Theyre getting closer and closer to the trial for Saddam Hussein, and according to his prison guards hanging around Saddam Hussein, they say now that he is hooked on Cheetos and Doritos. Saddam Hussein. Im thinking, We dont have to execute the guy. The cholesterol is going to kill him.Its kind of a strange picture -- sitting around in his underwear, eating Doritos, waiting for the day when he can return to power -- no, wait a minute, thats Al Gore.Heres another way you can tell that its summer. Saddam Hussein has switched to Cool Ranch Doritos.Apparently while hes in prison Saddam Hussein says it that he loves Doritos. Im telling you, you cant buy publicity like that, can you?I mean honestly, if you have a snack food company, you want that endorsement from the Butcher of Baghdad.But apparently they say that Saddam Hussein got hooked on Doritos at Chemical Alis Super Bowl party.Also, Saddam Hussein told his guards...that he doesnt like George W. Bush and that he misses Ronald Reagan. Well, good news, Saddam, youll be seeing him soon.It was so warm in New York City, Some idiots were putting up a giant popsicle, a 17-ton popsicle. So for one day only, the coolest thing in New York was not Hillary Clinton.You folks been following the accounts of Saddam Hussein in prison, the prison guards talking about the guy? Saddam Hussein apparently addicted to Doritos. But, you know, his regime had a long history with junk food. Thats right. Chemical Ali invented Fritos.Saddams even been giving his prison guards advice on dating women. He told them, what you do is play some Barry White in your spider hole.Top 10 Reasons Saddam Hussein Loves Doritos: 10. Three-cornered chips remind him of the Sunni Triangle.Chemical Ali told him how to convert the spicy powder into a nerve agent.The crunch sounds like the breaking of a dissidents bones.Pringles are for Kurds.They are corn chips of mass deliciousness.Goes perfectly with a tall glass of camel milk.Endorsed by his favorite late-night television host Al Asaad Muhammed Leno.Cool Ranch flavor is a preview of the paradise that awaits a martyr.When beard is full of orange crumbs, he can do hilarious Yosemite Saddam character.Delicious taste allows him to momentarily forget hell spend eternity in hell.Were getting some insight into Saddam Hussein, now that hes been incarcerated for over a year, I guess it is. The guards looking after Saddam Hussein says he sits around all day in his underwear eating Doritos, and in this country, of course, we call that college.Saddam is also a clean freak. Hes a clean freak. Thats what ended his relationship with Ava Gardner.Did you hear about this? This is a little frightening. According to confidential reports, Al Qaeda was planning an attack on Las Vegas. And it happened after Osama bin Laden paid $200 to see Celine Dion.At the White House, its the big T-ball tournament on the White House lawn.But they had some trouble in the third inning, they had to cut off beer sales to the Bush twins.On Sunday, it was the opening of the White House lawn T-ball season. You know, T-ball, it has no pitching.How many of you folks earlier tonight saw President Bushs address on television? I was surprised, because apparently, the war in Iraq is going quite well.Bush highlighted his successes. The Iraqi election, that was a highlight. The improvement of homeland security, that was a big moment, and capturing Russell Crowe.President Bush did admit that there are problems. The war is dragging on, of course. The economy is down. Gas prices are going up. And then, he left on his two-month vacation.But Bush is doing anything he can to boost his popularity. As a matter of fact, tomorrow, he will be jumping up and down on Oprahs couch.Thank God the murder rate in this city is at an all-time low. They expect less than 500 murders in this stay this year.Did you folks see President Bush last night, the special address last night, President Bush? I mean, the guy is everywhere. Hes really trying to drum up support, and last night, of course, the big speech and today he made shrimp kabobs with Tony Danza.Top 10 Surprises In President Bushs Prime-Time Address: 10. Claimed he had plan to win war, then switched on the Bat Signal.Kept talking about how Scientology changed his life.10 minutes of policy, 20 minutes of Karaoke.Imploring all Americans to support Joey McIntyre in the next episode of Dancing With The Stars.It was basically a 50-minute infomercial for new George Bush Grill.Spent 15 minutes looking at himself in the monitor.Most of speech was devoted to his Fourth of July deviled egg recipe.Revealed hell soon be giving uncensored weekly addresses on Sirius Satellite Radio.Midway through, he got engaged to Tom Cruise.Finished up by asking if Kerry still wanted the gig.You know, ladies and gentlemen, maybe you had some trepidation about coming to New York City. Forget that. The crime rate in New York City has never been lower.You folks know Saddam Hussein? A couple years ago they pulled him out of a hole? Remember that, when they pulled him out of a hole. They put him in prison and hes going on trial. The guy has been busy even while hes incarcerated. He has a new book. A new Saddam Hussein book is being published. Crazy, isnt it? I believe it is a collection of his Sports Illustrated columns.Saddam is busy. Next month, he introduces his new Saddam Hussein grill.In the movie, you know what the movie is the War of the Worlds, the aliens attack New Jersey.The movie takes place in New Jersey. Cars are overturned, streets turned upside down. Buildings reduced to rubble. And then the aliens attacked.I love the Fourth of July. Here in New York City, its when the fireworks drown out the gunfire.But you know, the Fourth of July combines two of Americas favorite pastimes, alcohol and explosives.Every year, of course, the Fourth of July I have the big Letterman Fourth of July barbecue party picnic at my house. And my uncle Earl is in town early for the Fourth of July. He showed up today still in his Gitmo jump suit.You folks following the scandal with Karl Rove? Earlier today, President Bush says that he doesnt want to act too quickly. And does not want to act before he has all of the facts. And I was thinking, Jeez, this doesnt sound like the President Bush I know.But President Bush said that he will stand by Karl Rove. And you know what that means, he will be gone in a week.It is so hot in Washington, DC, that earlier today, the statue of Lincoln was actually sitting in the reflecting pool, so its just that hot.I guess were all excited that President Bush announced his nomination to the Supreme Court, John Roberts. Thats right. Bush searched far and wide before he made the risky choice of a white guy in his 50s.Heres what we know about John Roberts. He is a conservative. And as a small town judge, he once outlawed dirty dancing.Former Attorney General Janet Reno is 67 years old today. 67 years old today. And if youre thinking about giving her a gift, you cant go wrong with a medicine ball.Well, did you hear about President Bushs appointment to the Supreme Court, John Roberts? John Roberts. Could be the newest member of the Supreme Court. And Im telling you, I havent seen this much charisma since the Oreck vacuum guy.But hes everywhere now. He is doing a lot of interviews, hoping to get nominated. Earlier today he was jumping up and down on Oprahs couch.Boy, you can certainly tell that its summer, cant you. Todays terror alert color is watermelon.Happy birthday today to a great American. Bob Dole 84 years old today. Happy birthday. The Army Corps of Engineers conducted a controlled burn on his cake.Thank you. Welcome to the show. I know we have a lot of tourists in the audience, security is tight in New York City. So heres a little tip. Before you submit to a full body search...make sure its a cop. Okay?Top 10 George W. Bush Solutions For Global Warming: 10. NASA mission to turn down the Suns thermostat.Federal subsidies to boost production of Cool Ranch Doritos.Fast track Rumsfelds colonize Neptune proposal.Convene blue-ribbon committee to explore innovative ways of ignoring the problem.Let Hillary worry about it when she takes over.I dunno ? tax cuts for the rich?Give the boys at Halliburton $90-billion contract to patch hole in ozone.Switch to Celsius so scorching 98 degrees becomes frosty 37.Keep plenty of Bud on ice.Invade Antarctica.It is so hot down in Washington, DC, as a matter of fact, so hot, Dick Cheney replaced his pacemaker with an ice maker.From the world of unions, apparently, now, the Teamsters have split with the AFL-CIO. Did you know that? Listen to this. Theyre blaming it on Angelina Jolie.Were learning more and more about the Supreme Court nominee John Roberts. I know for one thing hes from Indiana. Yeah. He was captain of his high school football team. He graduated Harvard in three years. Its like I have a twin.As the newest member, John Roberts for the first year, will have to wear a terry cloth robe.The space shuttle Discovery was launched successfully early this morning. This is a very ambitious time for NASA. In fact, they say by 2015, they actually hope to put a man on Janet Reno.It was so hot down in Florida that Jeb Bush was rigging ice machines.Gov. Pataki announced he would not be running for a fourth term as governor. Honestly, how many of you knew he had run for a third term?Saddam Hussein is going on trial pretty soon. Here are the official charges against Saddam Hussein: attacking Iran, invading Kuwait, and stealing satellite TV.Former President Clinton is traveling to Kenya. And he was offered by a tribal chieftain 40 goats and 20 cows for his daughter Chelsea. And Clinton said no, but he said, What will you give me for Hillary?Welcome to the late show. Boy, you can tell its summer in New York City. As a matter of fact, the terror alert color today was Strawberry Swirl.This is great news for not only New Yorkers but out-of-towners. Crime in New York City is at an all-time low, all-time record low, crime in New York City. It is so low that 911 is now the psychic hotline.Maybe you have this problem, maybe you dont. I dont know. The FDA approved a new treatment for insomnia. You are watching it.President Bush getting ready to go to Texas on his annual vacation. The White House says he goes to the Texas ranch to unwind, unwind. Im thinking, When does he wind?President Bush had his annual physical a couple of days ago and the doctors say that President Bush is likely our most fit president in the history of the United States. Thats good, isnt it? That means if anything happens to Cheney he can jump in and take over.Bush passed his physical, no word yet on his mental.Help me out with something here. Ive been thinking about this all day: Do you think its too soon to hit on Queen Fahd?Well, were learning more and more about John Bolton, the new US Ambassador to the UN. Colleagues say hes arrogant. They say hes caustic. They say hes blunt. They say hes constantly browbeating underlings. They...wait a minute, thats me!President Bush is on a three-week vacation down in Crawford, Texas, and its what they call a working vacation...And the staff says its an important time for President Bush. This gives him time to kick back, and Im thinking, When the hell does this guy kick forward?Top 10 Rafael Palmeiro Excuses: 10. Pete Rose bet me I wouldnt do it.There wasnt a Starbucks around and I needed a quick pick-me-up.I enjoy the fresh minty flavor.Hmm, I lost it in the sun?Somebody must have slipped something into my Viagra.Steroids illegal?! Since when?Heard steroids gave your mustache a glossy coat.Memory loss from steroid use made me forget I was on steroids.Roids rule, dude!How am I supposed to keep track of every single thing I stick in my ass?President Bush is taking his summer vacation. Its a five-week vacation. He has taken his 50th vacation in the last five years, 50th vacation. Thats about the national average, isnt it?But while hes on vacation, he will continue to receive national security briefings. He will receive them, of course he wont read them. But he will receive them.President Bushs vacationing in Crawford, Texas. He will be there for five weeks. Thats really a long time. You know, I dont think Bush has an exit strategy for his vacation either.President Bush, I thought this was nice, hes in Crawford, Texas at the ranch there on a five-week vacation. How many of you folks get five weeks off every year? Five week vacation. Hey! Well, good for us. I havent had five weeks off since NBC fired my ass.But President Bush is getting five weeks off and I was thinking about it. Lets see, record oil prices, gas is sky high, the economy is sluggish. Iraq is a mess. Yeah, I think hes earned five weeks off.Here in New York City, we get a lot of tourists...and the city publishes a list of tourist destinations. Granted we are not very high up on that list. ... We are right between the Port Authority bus station and the birth place of Chuck Schumer.The new Dukes of Hazzard movie, what a wonderful film. ... The whole gang is back: Bo, Luke, Daisy, Boss Hogg, Cooter -- wait a minute, that was the Clinton White House.Well, here is good news this will bring you real peace of mind. President Bush is on a five-week vacation.Five-week vacation. From what?President Bush, before he went on vacation, signed a bill that will extend Daylight Savings Time by another month. They extend Daylight Savings Time. He says it proves we are winning the war on darkness.How about that Rafael Palmeiro, are you following that? Now he claims he inadvertently ingested steroids, inadvertently ingested steroids. The same way Monica Lewinsky inadvertently ingested the President.Scientists conducted a simulated gas attack in New York City yesterday. ... I believe it was the biggest release of gas in Manhattan since...well, I guess since the Republican convention.Heres good news. Early this morning, the space shuttle Discovery landed safely, successfully in California. So thats great. Not only did NASA bring the shuttle home successfully, but they also saved 15% by switching to Geico.Heres good news. President Bush was at his ranch in Crawford, Texas and he says he will only stay until Crawford is capable of self rule.Top 10 Strategies Of Saddam Husseins Attorney: 10. Play up the at least he didnt do steroids angle.Pin everything on Saddams scheming brother, Larry Hussein.Answer every charge with No, youre thinking of Iran.Explain he was driven insane by the intense flavor of new Spicy Nacho Doritos.Brand prosecutors list of 12,000 witnesses as flimsy.Brighten mood by calling to the stand the always charming Tony Danza.Request one of those confined to your 153-acre estate punishments like Martha got.Give Saddam white suit and turkey leg and make him hilarious Boss Hogg-like figure.Let Saddam Hussein go nuts and execute everyone in the courtroom.If the underpants dont fit, you must acquit.President Bush is on a five-week vacation, how many folks get five weeks off a year. You know, if I want five weeks off I have to have open heart surgery, for Gods sake.But seriously, now is a great time for a vacation for President Bush. Because Iraq is pretty much under control.But a White House spokesman says that President Bush is using his vacation to reconnect with regular people. So you know what that means, hes drinking again.I think this is good news. The Iraqis have a new constitution. Right. So, thats it, right? We can leave.But President Bush pledged not to withdraw, to stay the course, and to finish the task. And thats just his vacation.Top 10 Signs George W. Bush Is Having A Bad Vacation: 10. He has that haggard look of someone getting only nine hours of sleep a night.Arrested at Crawford Mobil station after trying to pump and run.Asked if Cheney would let him help run the country.So bored he actually read a couple of pages of an intelligence briefing.Hes drinking more than the twins.Hes cutting it short from 12 weeks to 8.Just asked Pat Robertson to assassinate his travel agent.Flew down to Miami and put a cap in Suge Knights knee.Accidentally gave Laura the necklace engraved Condoleezza.Spent past week setting up new television so he can watch Dave in hi-def.It was so humid in New York City today that Pat Robertson ordered a hit on Al Roker.There is a bulletin from the State Department now, members of al Qaeda are sneaking into this country disguised as fishermen. And I think its true because coming to work today my cabdriver had lures on his turban.But true, terrorists are disguising themselves as fishermen. So as a result airport security will now be asking to you place your worms on a tray.The terrorists, you probably know about this, are sneaking into this country disguised as fishermen, thats right. But Homeland Security is right on top of this.The terrorists are disguised as fisherman so they raised the terror alert, the color was changed from yellow to salmonPresident Bush is cutting his five-week vacation short. How many folks get a five week vacation every year? That is about right, sure, yeah. President Bush is cutting his five-week vacation short by two days, by two days. Thats George, all work and no play.Top 10 Ways Osama Bin Laden Can Boost His Popularity:Claim responsibility for terrorist attack on Suge Knights leg.Start a daily beard care blog.No more five week vacations to his ranch in Islamabad.Make April 27th Take Your Goat To Work Day.Guest star on an episode of Will And Grace as Jacks new hottie boyfriend Todd.Offer employee pricing on all 2005 camels.Come up with signature catchphrase such as Oh, for the love of hummus!Go on Oprah and bravely discuss battle with low self-esteem.Die.Welcome to the Late Show. I am so glad you people are here, because last night what an awful audience, oh, my God.By the way, during that last joke, gas prices went up another ten cents.Gas is now nearly $3 a gallon. $3 a gallon. Who would have thought that gas would be the most expensive part of cruising for hookers.Well, its Labor Day. Happy Labor Day to everybody. Its the day that everybody is relaxing, taking it easy, but enough about the Bush Administration.But actually President Bush is actually quite busy now, hes fill two vacancies, two at the Supreme Court and the upcoming one at FEMA. So hes very busy.But we at my house we had the annual Letterman Labor Day family picnic and what an event. It was great. At one point my Uncle Earl dimmed the bug zapper for 60 seconds in honor of Justice Rehnquist.I cant tell you how happy I am you folks are here because last night what an awful, ugly audience we had last night. Rough, rough audience. You know, I think they were assassins sent by Pat Robertson.But its a big Labor Day weekend for President Bush. Only three more days of ducking anti-war moms.Heres a fascinating statistic. President Bush finishes a five-week vacation and he is now spent 20% of his presidency on vacation. 20% of his presidency on vacation, unlike Clinton who spent 20% of his presidency on an intern.Top Ten Signs You Have A Bad Job: 10. Its a 12-hour commute each way.You know the guy who refills the ketchup bottles in the prison cafeteria? Youre his assistant.Youre Courtney Loves publicist.For insurance purposes, boss personally administers a daily physical.Sign outside your door reads, Jims Office/Mens Room.Youre taken to and from work in the trunk of a car, blindfolded.Word throb appears with surprising frequency in job application.Youre working on Labor Day.Your name is George W. Bush (Im sorry, thats a sign youre doing a bad job).Youre the idiot who has to change the gas prices on the sign every 5 minutes.Last nights audience was rough. I knew I was in trouble when the White House sent over former Presidents Clinton and Bush.How many folks have been watching the miniseries on HBO about Rome? Tremendously exciting episode this week. Rome is burning while Nero refuses to cut his vacation short.And dont miss next weeks episode when FEMA takes a week to show up at Pompeii.But I guess you know by now President Bush has been accused of being slow to respond to the hurricane, and actually so far hes also been slow to respond to that accusation.You know, wherever there is trouble, they send in the former Presidents Clinton and Bush. Thats what they do now. And earlier today they visited the Yankee clubhouse.Did you hear about this, Monica Lewinski, you remember her, she is moving to England, moving to England. And Im thinking, Oh oh, I see an impeachment in Tony Blairs future.But its a good story. Monica has been accepted to London School of Economics. Thats great. London School of Economics. And Im thinking, This is a tremendous opportunity, Monica, dont blow it.Crime apparently is back up in New York City. Earlier today, thieves robbed an armored truck, robbed an armored truck. They left the money, but siphoned out the gas.Today, the network NBC is 79 years old. 79 years old. And NBC sent an invitation to President Bush for their 79th birthday party, but so far hes been slow to respond.Ladies and gentlemen, here is exciting news. Tonight on the Late Show, our new cue card holder is former head of FEMA, Michael Brown. Take a bow, Michael.Everybody is saying now that FEMA was slow to respond. And I think maybe FEMA is slow. I think FEMA actually is just slow because they are just now starting to respond to Tom Cruises appearance on Oprah.Did you hear about this, Hurricane Ophelia, now may strike the East Coast? And I was thinking about this. The Bush Administration is getting ready to ignore it.First it was Katrina, and now it was Ophelia. Maybe people would take these storms far seriously if they didnt have cute girl names.Well, ladies and gentlemen, the last Israeli troops have left Gaza, and I believe its the most historic pull out since...well, since Hillary walked in on Bill.Its crazy, George Bush is coming to New York City, and there is a big UN Summit meeting taking place. Countries all over the world. Here is something funny that was happening. The current president of Afghanistan was taking a cab. And he was actually picked up and driven in the cab by the former president of Afghanistan.You folks been following the John Roberts confirmation hearings? It can be a little dull, so theyve changed the format. For example, he has to give his answers in the form of a question.And you know, the senators all get to begin with opening statements. And earlier today, Ted Kennedy took ten minutes to tell his version of The Aristocrats.Well, former FEMA director Michael Brown resigned. He says that he wants to spend more time not responding to his family.Yeah, he resigned. And he now plans to be ineffective in the private sector.Washington insiders now saying that President Bush is becoming increasingly isolated. Increasingly isolated. People, staff members are afraid to bring him bad news or tell him when he is wrong. And -- now wait a minute, thats me.Top Ten Questions For The FEMA Director Application: 10. Are you able to convey a false sense of security?What percentage of your resume is fabricated?In a crisis, which state or local officials would you blame?What are your plans after you resign?Do you mind if the last guy left the office smelling like Arabian horses?Which is most serious: A disaster, a catastrophe, or a dis-astrophe?Does Robert Blake dating again count as an emergency?Can the president easily add -ie to your last name to form a nickname?Can you screw up bad enough to take the heat off the Presidents mistakes?Michael Brown...idiot or moron?NBA players visited the Houston Astrodome and the Knicks, the Knicks ended up losing 110 to 85 to the hurricane survivors, actually beat the Knicks.President Bush warned the president of Syria to stop letting terrorists into Iraq. Yeah. And then the president of Syria warned Bush to start paying attention to national disasters.And then later Bush asked the Chinese delegates to explain their version of checkers.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Im a little worried about something, earlier today I received a phone call from George Bush, and he says, Dave, youre doing a heck of a job.You know whats going on at the UN this week, the big worldwide conference, 170 world leaders are meeting at the UN this week, tremendous. Earlier today, I thought I saw Kim Jong Il coming out of Flash Dancers, right over there.He was with his father, Mentally Il.I thought this was very odd, the UN world hunger delegation, you know, the UN world hunger delegation, they ran up a $50,000 room service bill.And you know, now when ever theres trouble, wherever, when ever, former Presidents Clinton and Bush show up. Earlier today they arrived at the Jets locker room.Honest to God there must be like four million rats living in New York City, and not just regular rats, these are enormous rats. ... This is a very serious rat infestation problem, and so far, the response from Washington has been very slow.We keep hearing these reports out of Washington DC that George Bush is depressed. Hes depressed. His staff is afraid to give him bad news. In fact, they still havent told him about Gilligan.But Bush on Wednesday spoke at the UN. And during the speech, did you hear about this, he passes a note to Condoleezza Rice saying, I need to go to the bathroom. Is there any way I can get a bathroom break? And I was thinking Well, there you go. Hes drinking again.How many of you folks watched the 57th annual Emmy Awards last night right here on CBS? ... But did you think it was a long show? Did it kind of seem like a long show? I was sitting there, it was dragging on and on, and I said to myself, wheres FEMA?I dont want to say that the show was a disaster, but former Presidents Clinton and Bush are showing up at the scene today.There is another hurricane down South, Hurricane Rita. Hurricane Rita, thats right. Hitting Florida and this time President Bush is not screwing around. Hes not taking any chances. Earlier today President Bush sprang into action and evacuated all of the crooked voting machines out of the state of Florida.John Gotti, Jr.s trial ended in a mistrial and he is now free. And you know I guess they just didnt have the goods on him like they did on Martha.The nephew of Saddam Hussein has been sentenced to life in prison for making bombs. Yeah, his uncle, Saddam Hussein. And they caught the guy, was making bombs, he got life in prison. I was thinking, Jeez, I just hope this doesnt give the family a bad name.According to reports now, Iraqi officials have embezzled over $1 billion, $1 billion. So it really is a US-style democracy theyve got over there going nicely.Well, President Bush wants to put a man on the moon by 2018. Another man on the moon. ... By 2018, wants to put a man on the moon, and by 2020 wants to put a man on Condoleezza Rice.Your contribution to society: Socks for kitties.Youve tried to put a postage stamp on your email.You are described as Bush-esque.Vowed to use $500,000 prize money to see Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo 50,000 times.Wrote thesis on The Medicinal Power Of Nutter Butter Cookies.Cant figure out your computers caps lock key.To impress judges you wear gold foil hat reading #1 Genius.Only thing youve had published is a letter to Penthouse Forum.Michael Brown beat you out for the FEMA gig.According to reports, Iraqi officials have embezzled $1.2 billion in Pentagon money. $1.2 billion. And Halliburton when they heard about this, they said, Hey! Hey, we were going to embezzle that money!Heres some sad information coming out of Washington. According to reports, President Bush may be drinking again. May be drinking again. I thought, Well, why not, hes got everybody else drinking.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, running for re-election. That time already, running for re-election. And this time, as opposed to be running as a mediocre actor, he will be running as a mediocre governor.The Iraqis will soon vote on their constitution. Vote on their constitution. They will have the choice of voting yes or blowing something up.Its Jewish New Years Eve. ... According to the Jewish calendar, its the year 5766. Coincidently, 5766 is the year that well be finished training the Iraqi army.Harriet Miers, as you probably know, has no experience. So apparently, no experience is the main requirement to be a Bush appointee.Welcome to The Late Show, ladies and gentlemen. Its like the Supreme Court: Anybody can get in here.While you folks were laughing at that first joke, Tom DeLay was indicted again.Two indictments in two weeks for Tom DeLay. Thats the kind of thing that could give Congress a bad name.New York is adding 300 brand new taxi cabs...and a lot of the new cabs will actually have sunroofs. Thats pretty deluxe for the cab. Its also for the cab driver to make room for his shoulder-mounted rocket launcher.Harriet Miers is a longtime friend of President Bush. Its all part of the presidents policy, No crony left behind.Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan is retiring. President Bush has already launched a search for the most inexperienced incompetent he can find.Yesterday down in Washington, D.C., they shut down Pennsylvania Avenue due to a suspicious package. Turned out it was a bag of laundered cash for Tom DeLay.A former Marine has been arrested for allegedly stealing intelligence memos from the White House. ... Well, at least its nice to know somebody was reading those memos.Speaking of the fall television season, I dont think it is going that well for NBC. Earlier today, President Bush made his fourth trip to the set of Joey.Have you heard about this, President Bush has nominated Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court. And this very, very important. Shes a member of the presidents inner circle. That is how they describe her. She has never really been a judge before but they describe her as an important member of the presidents inner circle. That means shes his designated driver.Columbus Day here in New York City, and the new terror alert color is marinara.On Friday, Mayor Bloomberg said, there may be trouble, things to look for. There may be a bag here, look at the bag there. They put on 1,000 extra cops. Thank God everything turned out, it was all right. But yesterday, Im on the subway, and security was unbelievably tight. And a guy comes up to me and says, take off your pants. And I said, I said, Are you from Homeland Security? And he said, No I just want to settle a bet.How about that Harriet Miers? Who wants to be a Supreme Court judge? Fill out the application as you leave the theater tonight.And Harriet Miers, so yesterday she goes to church, and at her church she receives a standing ovation. Harriet Miers gets a standing ovation. She is an inspiration to unqualified people everywhere.And now its the all-important background check into Harriet Miers, and Im thinking, Oh, I hope they dont find out about our weekend in Atlantic City, because that was Katie-bar-the-door.Harriet is the...I think she is the most controversial Supreme Court pick since, well, since George Bush.Congratulations to Bill and Hillary Clinton. Its their 30th wedding anniversary today. Bill showed up at the scene of his wedding with former President Bush.And I thought this was nice. Last night, Bill put together a lovely anniversary celebration. It was a quiet, candlelight dinner for two at a beautiful seaside hotel. And I dont know where Hillary was but...I dont know if you heard this late-breaking bulletin. Earlier today, President Bush has pledged to rebuild the Yankees no matter what the cost.Here in New York City, its raining again. Its rained every day for last week and a half. Its just crazy. Rain keeps coming down and coming down and coming down. To give you an idea how much rain weve had in New York City, we are this close -- this close -- to being ignored by FEMA.They have a brand-new James Bond, a new James Bond. Daniel Craig is the new James Bond. Thats exciting, like the tenth or 12th James Bond. Democrats are upset. Theyre accusing him of being a Bush crony.Lately, President Bush has been accused of being slow to react, so hes not laying down on this Chinese space program. When he heard the Chinese put two men into space, he says, By God, I plan to put a man on Harriet Miers.Top Ten Thoughts Going Through George W. Bushs Mind At This Moment [While list was read, viewer was shown a photo of Bush in Covington, Louisiana, helping out with Habitat for Humanity and building a new home for those displaced by Hurricane Katrina.]: 10. This should make up for me waiting a week to respond to the hurricane.Dang, this is fun...I should bring a hammer to Cabinet meetings.Why wont they let me handle the power tools?Great, another thing Im not good at.This is the kind of thing we should be paying Halliburton 800 bucks an hour to do.Do I get to keep the hard hat?Its hammer time!Ive got to finish pretending to build a house so I can go pretend to comfort people.Georgies gonna need another five weeks off.Only thing Clinton ever nailed was that hefty intern.Welcome to the Late Show. You people are here on a great night. The entire balcony in the Ed Sullivan theater building is filled with unqualified Bush appointees.Well, you can sure tell its fall here, cant you? You get the feeling that its fall? Down in Washington, DC, earlier today, Tom DeLay was in his front yard raking indictments.The Germans have their first female chancellor. Im thinking, you know, the Germans have become really, really enlightened, or maybe theyre up to something.North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Il, this guy looks like he may be stepping down. Kim Jong Il stepping down. Experts in the State Department believe he will be replaced by his son, Mentally Il.Heres a reminder to Iraq, the crooked voting machines are due back in Florida by Friday.It looks like Iraq voted to okay their new constitution. And that means that the US is one step closer to being there another ten years.You know, they are still hunting down terrorists and over the weekend in Iraq they arrested the al Qaeda barber. Thats not like a nickname, he was actually the barber. And it is an enormous breakthrough. And now we have a lead on Osama bin Ladens aroma therapist.He had to be very careful with al Qaedas barber because if you say just a little off the top, he takes your head off.I dont know if you folks have been following the new Chinese space program. But about a week ago they launched two astronauts up into space and a couple of days came back today, as a matter of fact, came back today and the shirts will be back tomorrow.And over the weekend at one of the games, Houston and St. Louis, the photographers television cameramen caught former President Bush, former President Bush and his wife Barbara Bush at the ball game kissing. You know, you are at a dull game when you would rather make out with Barbara Bush.Here was something I found very disturbing, according to a brand-new poll, Americans have become more rude. Yup. Oh, go screw yourselves!Top Ten Signs Your Barber Is Working For Al Qaeda: 10. You change part in your hair, that night its top story on al Jazeera.Instead of small talk about sports, its small talk about streets flowing with Zionist blood.Customers pay with cash, credit card or goat.Disinfects his combs in a jar of sarin gas.When he makes a mistake, says, Ah, the turban will cover that.Got his license at the Al Masadah Barber School and Training Camp.Manicures are done by sister, Tammi Bin Laden.During haircut he shouts, Death to uneven sideburns!His protein-infused deep-conditioning cr?me rinse? Hummus.CIA picking up lots of chatter about your dandruff.Im very flattered to say I also appear on the list of the sexiest people alive. Thank you. Im right between Karl Rove and Janet Reno.I dont know if youre aware of this or not but China now has a space program. They had a couple of astronauts in space for a week and they just returned from space. It was a tough trip. On reentry the ship heated up to four asterisks. Thats right. Extra spicy.But one of the Chinese astronauts whose name is Knee High Sheng -- he uttered the now famous words, one small step, one double order barbecue rib for mankind.Heres good news, ladies and gentlemen. US forces in Iraq captured al Qaedas barber. They also confiscated his shoulder-mounted blow dryer.But were still waiting now for the results of the Iraqi election and the Sunnis, the Sunnis are now saying that the vote was rigged. The Sunnis are unhappy. They say the vote was rigged. I guess they really are getting an American-style democracy.Saddam Hussein is going on trial tomorrow. Hes accused of 143 murders, but he actually did get a break today. The prosecutors dropped the two counts of stealing satellite TV.When Saddams trial begins, he will be the first ruthless cold blooded dictator to stand trial since Martha Stewart.President Bushs approval rating is at an all-time low, 39 percent, President Bushs approval rating. Hes in such disfavor, most Americans...most Americans would like to replace him with Geena Davis.To give you an idea about how bad George Bushs approval rating is, more people actually approve of the job Im doing.Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers, a strange, fascinating woman. This woman steadfastly refuses to talk about herself. Will not talk about herself, and Im thinking to myself, Well, hell, where do you find a woman like that?Oh, Saddam Husseins trial began yesterday. Are you aware of that? In court he stubbornly insisted that he is still the president. He was defiant. He said, I am still the president, you know, a little like Bush.The jurors at the Saddam Hussein trial will be shown the graphic images of atrocities, and, well, like the picture of Saddam in his underpants.Its not just New York. Crime is down all over the city. Its down in Washington, DC. As a matter of fact, today Tom DeLay was just laundering clothing.Theres a brand-new hit show here on CBS earlier tonight. Its the Ghost Whisperer. Every week, the Ghost Whisperer is contacted by a dead person and the ghost whisperer will run an errand for the dead person. Earlier tonight the Ghost Whisperer disconnected cable TV for William Rehnquist.The jury selection for Saddam Husseins trial has already begun. And everybody was there for the jury selection in the courtroom, Saddam was there, his attorneys were there, Chemical Ali was there. And he brought his wife, Chemical Betty.President Bush was taking an active role in the Saddam Hussein trial. Earlier today he appointed an unqualified judge.You know Karl Rove, presidential adviser and buddy Karl Rove? Apparently the brains in the White House. Well, he may be forced to resign, Karl Rove. Yeah. Insiders say that if Karl Rove resigns, President Bush would not function effectively. And Im thinking, Wait a minute, all this time hes been functioning effectively? Is that possible?How about those hurricanes? Arent they awful? Had another one over the weekend. So far, the United States has had eight hurricanes this season, thats crazy, isnt it? And theyve run out of names for hurricanes so now they go to letters in the Greek alphabet. And after that its the names of Larry King wives.Crazy. But the US has been hit eight times. The good news is next week is a bye week.And President Bush is not doing well now. According to insiders, President Bush is peevish, melancholic, and blames others. No, wait a minute. Or is that me? Im confused.But seriously, they say Bush is angry. They say he is frustrated and they say that he is bitter. I cant imagine why. Everything is going so smoothly.Well, folks, do you hear this, Iraq officially approved its constitution. Yup! Okay. So were out of there.The White House steadfast, they said absolutely they will not withdraw Harriet Miers name from nomination. You know what that means, dont you? She will be out of there in a week.But apparently Vice President Dick Cheney has been giving pep talks to the White House staff. Because when you think pep, you think Dick Cheney, dont you?I dont know if you heard about this, but you know Regis Philbin, who has the daily Regis and Kelly show, and Donald Trump, the guy with the thing, theyve gotten together and put out a CD of Christmas music. ... But seriously, its a great CD, the Pentagon is using it to break detainees at Guantanamo.Top Ten Ways To Cheer Up George W. Bush: 10. Fully loaded Tex Mex fixins bar at every cabinet meetingUse wacky sound effects for weekly radio addresses.Replace Oval Office bust of Theodore Roosevelt with bust of Kenny Rogers.Remind him its only 6 weeks until The Dukes of Hazzard comes out on DVD.Talk to him about things he holds dear: Health, family, shady Halliburton contracts.Speechwriters sprinkle in the occasional you might be a redneck if... joke.Two words: Free gum.Get Air Force One pimped.Surprise him with invasion plans for every country on Earth.Remind him in a few years, Iraq will be Hillarys mess.Regis Philbin who does a show here in New York city, and another guy by the name of Donald Trump who has the large thing there, these two monster talents have gotten together and produced and released a Christmas CD. ... This may be the first Christmas album to result in indictments.How about the ball game last night? Did you folks see the baseball game last evening? The World Series, the longest World Series game ever, and at 1:30 AM, Jose Canseco came out and injected players in the ass with black coffee.The game lasted five hours and 41 minutes, five hours -- yeah, and as it dragged on and dragged on and dragged on, I started to think it was something that George Bush got us into.Heres big news for Alan Greenspan fans. You know hes retiring. The Chairman of the Fed is stepping down. And former Princeton economist Ben Bernanke that was President Bushs choice. Apparently, President Bush is trying out a new strategy, qualified people.Happy birthday to Hillary Clinton, shes 58 years old today. Hillary Clinton, Senator from New York State, Hillary Clinton, and Bill Clinton celebrated her birthday the way he does every year, a dozen roses -- pretty nice -- candlelight dinner, passionate sex, and then he went home to Hillary.Tuesday, by the way, is Election Day here in New York City. Tuesday is Election Day. Please, dont forget to vote. A lot of important proposals being voted on, on Tuesday. For example, proposal number two and that would increase the fine for homicides to $75. Really going to be a money maker.Happy birthday to First Lady Laura Bush, 59 years old tomorrow. And you know President Bush says that marrying Laura was the best decision he ever made. And, well, thats not hard to believe.Laura Bush is 59 years old. And did you realize this, that she used to be a librarian? And Im thinking well, how the Hell did these two get together?Tomorrow here in New York City is election day, election day. And Mayor Bloomberg is so confident about being re-elected that earlier today he called Florida and cancelled the crooked voting machines.Have you heard about what is going on in France? 11 straight days of rioting. Its just been crazy. But President Bush said dont worry. And hes offered France the full use of FEMA.And right now, George Bush is finishing up his big South American tour. And oh my God, there were protestors. There were demonstrations. Angry crowds. I mean he must have felt right at home.And how about this Scooter Libby thing. Yeah, exactly. A grown man named Scooter. And hes Dick Cheneys chief of staff. And hes been indicted. And I have not been following this too closely, you know, like the President.Thank you, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Please, settle down. Where do you think you are? France?You know, by the way, heres something great. Regis Philbin who has the morning show with Kelley and Donald Trump, you know, the guy with the hair. Theyve got together and recorded a CD of Christmas music. Surprisingly, its selling very well overseas. The police in Paris are using it to disperse rioters.By the way today is election day. Did you folks vote today? Everybody vote today? Its very important to New Yorkers. It means we are one step closer to achieving self-rule.Things are going crazy in Washington. That President Bush, Im telling you, I wouldnt give his troubles to a monkey on a rock. His approval rating is at an all-time low. 35% approval rating. For the first time its actually lower than his grades at Yale.Thank you, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Please, settle down. Where do you think you are? France?You know, by the way, heres something great. Regis Philbin who has the morning show with Kelley and Donald Trump, you know, the guy with the hair. Theyve got together and recorded a CD of Christmas music. Surprisingly, its selling very well overseas. The police in Paris are using it to disperse rioters.By the way today is election day. Did you folks vote today? Everybody vote today? Its very important to New Yorkers. It means we are one step closer to achieving self-rule.Things are going crazy in Washington. That President Bush, Im telling you, I wouldnt give his troubles to a monkey on a rock. His approval rating is at an all-time low. 35% approval rating. For the first time its actually lower than his grades at Yale.Yesterday here in New York City was Election Day, and it was fascinating, some of the proposals. New Yorkers voted on Proposition 8. You know what that is? Proposition 8 makes it illegal to shoot somebody in a library without a silencer.Anybody here from France? We have French folks here with us tonight? Have you heard about it, its gone crazy, like two weeks of rioting. Every night, people go out and go crazy all over France. Over 600 cars were burned last night, 600 cars. But the good news is, the rioters saved about 15% by switching to Geico.Have you folks been following the difficulty in France? Night after night after night of rioting and looting and burning cars, but dont worry because the French government is working around the clock to figure out a way to blame it on us.I thought this was nice, Dick Cheney, the Vice President, went duck hunting in South Dakota, and he wants to show despite the fact he has a heart condition, hes still able to bring down defenseless birds with a cannon.If you know about it, theres nothing like shooting ducks and having a few beers with your lesbian daughter.Every Friday night, CBS has this tremendous hit show, have you seen it, Ghost Whisperer? And its about a woman who is contacted by the dead, and she does things for -- as a matter of fact, earlier tonight on the Ghost Whisperer she was contacted by George Bushs second term.Vice President Dick Cheney is in town, ladies and gentlemen. Hes trying to squeeze in as many fundraisers as he can before his indictment.New York loves it when Dick Cheney is in town because he makes the rest of us seem friendly.Governor of Florida Jeb Bush announced he might run for president, because how many times have you thought to yourself, Gee, if we could only have just one more Bush in the White House?But experts believe that Jeb Bush is actually a shoe-in because he owns all of the crooked voting machines.President Bush is on his Asian tour now. Hell visit Japan, South Korea, China, Mongolia. Once again, hes skipping Vietnam.President Bush has a brother Jeb, who is the Governor of the state of Florida. And Jeb now says that he would like to be president. Jeb Bush says he would like to be president, and I think I speak for all Americans when I say, When can you start, Jeb?In Paris, France, Osama bin Ladens brother -- is it Larry bin Laden? Im not sure of the first name, but its Osama bin Ladens brother in France was arrested for money laundering. Yeah, Im telling you, this is the kind of thing that could give the bin Laden family a bad name.Money laundering, and I believe its the first time anyone in the bin Laden family has laundered anything.I dont know if youre aware of this, but theres a great deal of wildlife in the Northeastern part of the country. Last night Im driving home, and I saw a deer in the middle of the road, and he had that Bush caught-in-the-headlights look.By the way, President Bush is on an eight-day tour of Asia. Hes visiting American jobs.President Bush is spending eight days in the Orient, and as we all know we spent the last four years in dis-orient.And Florida Governor, Jeb Bush, says he wants to be president. Well, thats a good idea. Somebody will have to pardon his brother.This week, the bear hunting season opened up in New Jersey. ... But not everybody enjoys shooting bears. For example, Dick Cheney wants the CIA to torture them.By the way, George W. Bush and Dick Cheney are lashing out at their critics, lashing out at their critics. You know, Ive tried that. Save your breath.George Bushs brother, Jeb, who is the Governor of Florida, says he wants to run for president. And you cant blame him, because right now the Bush name is magic.By God, its almost Thanksgiving ladies and gentlemen. Earlier today, President Bush pardoned the White House turkey -- uh-huh. It was just a practice run for Scooter Libby.I dont know if youre following the Saddam Hussein trial, you know, hes going on trial, and he has, like, 1100 lawyers. 1100 lawyers, and for one reason or another, because theyve been getting killed off, I guess, they have withdrawn from the Saddam Hussein case, the 1100 lawyers. Its just unbelievable. But now, theyre going to be working on Tom Cruises prenup.Thanksgiving is Thursday. And today the terror alert was raised to cranberry.And of course, everybody loves turkey and you have the turkey and a lot of people will bake the turkey. A lot of people will broil the turkey. A lot of people will pan fry the turkey. A lot of people will deep-fry the turkey but not everybody likes cooked turkey. For example, Vice President Dick Cheney plans to have the CIA torture his.Oh, unbelievable, over $100 million, the Harry Potter movie. That is crazy. That brought in more cash than a Tom DeLay barbecue.President Bush is back from his Asian trip. Did you see the footage of him in China? He had a press conference and he went to leave and he walked to a door, and the door was locked. He couldnt get out of the door and he just stood there. Talk about not having an exit strategy, you know what Im saying.Top Ten Things George Bush Is Thinking At This Moment [Trying To Leave Press Conference Through Locked Doors]: 10. Damn, al Qaeda. 9. Am I that hung over. 8. Wish Id thought of an exit strategy. 7. It was easier to get out of the National Guard. 6. Hey, at least I didnt throw up like Daddy. 5. I just heard Oprahs going to be on Letterman. 4. I know how to solve this problem ? tax cuts for the rich. 3. I hope this doesnt hurt my chances of getting re-elected. 2. I need another five week vacation.Talk to Condi about invading China.This is one of those great White House traditions. Every year this time, the President, President Bush pardoned the White House turkey. But this was only after Dick Cheney had the CIA torture it.And then after the turkey was pardoned by President Bush, it was flown to an appearance down at Disneyland where it was trampled by a crowd of tourists.President Bush was in China and you probably saw this. He tried to leave the press conference. Did you see that footage? And the door was locked. He cant get out. Out of habit, he says, Whats going on in there, Jenna?President Bush is the first American President ever that ever visited Mongolia. He heaped praise on the country. He said, Mongolia is my favorite city in Mexico.While he was on his trip, listen to this, the President saw dancers wearing elaborate masks, saw fury two-humped camels, a pair of white yaks. Thats right. Hes drinking again.What you want to do right after the show, is go up there where they blow up all of the balloons before the big parade tomorrow, and they pre-blow them up. And they were having some trouble with the White House balloon, has an entry in the parade this year, having some trouble inflating the White House balloon. It wont stop leaking, ladies and gentlemen.I want to get right through the show tonight because right afterwards Im leaving for my ranch in Crawford.We had the big Thanksgiving at my house. Every year a lot of trouble. But it was a good year this year. Before mom carved the turkey, everybody got the bird flu shots.The day of the big Macys parade on Thanksgiving, the M&M balloon goes by and goes crazy in the wind and knocks over a streetlight and falls and hurts a couple of people. And as a result, the terror alert here in New York City was raised from plain to peanut.Former head of FEMA Michael Brown, Brownie, good job, heck of a job Brownie, Michael Brown, former head of FEMA, he has opened up his own private disaster consulting agency. Private disaster consulting agency. Thats like Robert Blake becoming a marriage counselor.According to White House insiders, President Bush does not like to hear bad news from his staff. Does not like to hear bad news from his staff. They still havent told him about Nick and Jessica.Listen to this. Tonight, Donald Trump and Regis Philbin are here. They will be singing a song from their new Christmas carol CD. Donald Trump, Regis Philbin on this stage singing Christmas music. Once again the Bush Administration fails to respond.Hear about this down in Washington, a big huge chunk nasty huge, heavy, heavy chunk of marble fell off the Supreme Court building. Thank God Janet Reno was there and a one-handed catch she made.And it was actually a 200 pound chunk of marble. I believe it is the biggest thing to drop in Washington since Clintons pants.I think this is good news. The White House released a 35-page plan entitled Our National Strategy For Victory In Iraq. 35 pages. It is called Our National Strategy For Victory In Iraq. President Bush refuses to set a timetable for reading it.President Bush gave a speech on Iraq today. It went well. He was able to open the door and get out. So that was good.Encourage Iraqis to settle their feud like Dave and OprahPut that go-getter Michael Brown in charge.Launch new slogan, its not Iraq its Weraq.Just do whatever he did when he captured Osama.A little more vacation time at the ranch to clear his head.Pack on a quick thirty pounds and trade places with Jeb.Wait, you mean it aint going well?Boost morale by doing his hilarious locked door gag.Place Saddam back in power and tell him, Its your problem, dude.Oprahs on the program tonight for the first time since 1989, and I want to thank Jimmy Carter for negotiating the peace settlement. He did a wonderful job.Last night down in Washington, DC, President Bush lighted the national Christmas tree. A 40-foot spruce, and it was chopped down and shipped to the White House by Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter.President Bush threw the electrical switch and the tree came to life, and it worked so well, theyre thinking of trying it with Dick Cheney.The beautiful tree, it was a big majestic Norwegian spruce, and they cut it down, and President Bush said it proves were winning the war on evergreens.Everybody is going crazy about King Kong. The movie has not yet officially opened but already the ape is so popular, its incredible. There has never been a more popular ape. As a matter of fact, he may run for governor of California.On Thursday theyre going to have elections in Iraq, ladies and gentlemen. Thats an historic thing going on over there, yeah. The Iraqi officials have imposed a nighttime curfew for the elections. And I think that is a great idea. Because if there is one thing the terrorists absolutely wont monkey with, its a curfew.George Bush, you know what he did, he sent out 1.4 million White House Christmas cards. How many of you folks got a white house Christmas card? But you know, say what you will about George Bush, but at least his interns are only licking the envelopes.King Kong opens tomorrow here in New York City and as a result today the terror alert was raised to banana.Im telling you this King Kong is crazy. The movie hasnt even opened yet and hes unbelievably popular. Theres talk he may run for governor of California.Osama bin Laden recently, there was the 30th anniversary of his high school class. And guess what? Osama bin Laden did not attend. But classmates were there. They were remembering him as being a confident, athletic and fun to be around. That makes plenty of sense to me because when you think of Osama bin Laden, you think fun to be around.The Bushes sent out their annual White House Christmas card. ... Its a beautiful scene of the White House and a lot of snow, and shoveling the White House lawn is Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter.Its true everybody is in the holiday spirit. Last night Bill Clinton, as a matter of fact, saw the nutcracker. Not the ballet. Hillary.According to Newsweek magazine, President Bush is now living in a bubble. And Dick Cheney, of course, is living in an undisclosed bubble.King Kong is so popular, theyre already doing a political sequel. Hes talking about running for governor of California.The general elections taking place today in Iraq, so I guess that means we are one step closer to being there for another 10 years.There have been reports of 1,000 fake ballots in the Iraqi elections. Sounds like another victory for the Republicans.President Bush said most of the intelligence reports he got about Iraq were wrong. Well, thankfully, no harm done.Have you experienced mail slowdowns because of the holidays? Its all volume related. As a matter of fact, earlier today I finally got my White House Christmas card. And it was beautiful. Nice shot of the White House lawn with the Nixons out front waving.Over the weekend, Vice President Dick Cheney made a surprise trip to Iraq yesterday, he was there and gave the troops one of his warm holiday sneers.And if you think about it, when youre at war in some far off corner of the world, what better than a visit from a guy who got five draft deferments.Iraqi officials met with Dick Cheney, or as they like to call him in the Mideast, Lawrence of Arrhythmia.Did you hear about this? Time magazine named former President Bill Clinton and former President George W. Bush Senior as partners of the year, partners of the year. Its amazing. These guys, Clinton and Bush are so close that theyre talking about making a cowboy movie.By the way, heres a holiday announcement, the Post Office has today handled more than 500 million pieces of mail. Today handled more than 500 million pieces of mail. They didnt deliver them, they just handled them.You know, were making jokes about it, or trying to, but traffic is actually horrible here in New York City. The city is like Dick Cheney. Every major artery is clogged.President Bush said he is not eavesdropping on citizens. He is just monitoring calls for quality control.Former President Clinton is in the Christmas spirit. Earlier today, he went Caroling...and Rachelling, and Michelling, and...On New Years Eve in Times Square, It was so festive the terror alert color was raised to drambouie.Well, President Bush says that hes 100% sure that he was right to wiretap. 100% sure that he was right to wiretap. And you know Bush, when he says he is 100% sure, hes always right.They were talking about the kind of stuff that the President receives during the course of the year. He receives thousands and thousands of dollars of gifts. Were you aware of this fact? That President Bush gets a lot of gifts. I guess all presidents do. One was a $900 fishing rod, a fly fishing rod that he displays in the Oval Office. And I was thinking, hmm, you know, the last time a president displayed a rod in the Oval Office -- he was impeached.Well, ladies and gentlemen, its the start of a new year, and President Bush wants to hit the ground bungling.A kid from Florida is like 16 years old. He runs away from home and goes to Iraq. He wanted to see what it was like. His family was from Iraq. He wanted to see what it was like. He spent three weeks over there. Then he came home. At least he had an exit strategy.Its the beginning of the year, weve got some great news. Crime in New York City is at an all-time low. How about that, ladies and gentlemen! And I was thinking about this and I said to myself, it must be true because its been weeks since I have had to look through a two-way mirror and say, Thats him, officer, thats him.Oh my God! Donald Trump, theyre talking about, running for president. Did you hear this? Donald Trump running for president. I blame George Bush. He lowered the standard.Donald Trump as president of the United States. I cant wait for the Washington Monument to go condo.Hey, did you hear about this, the sleazy Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff has been indicted, did you hear about this? Yeah, many, many charges, one of which was providing entertainment. By God, theyll never get me on that. My hands are clean.There is a fascinating story last week, a kid like a 16-year-old kid from Florida, his parents, ancestors were from Iraq. He wanted to see what is going on in Iraq, so he goes, hangs around in Iraq to see what is going on. Its just crazy, isnt it? And he gets home, his mother obviously is worried and up set and happy hes home. And says, Why in Gods name did you go to Iraq? The kid said, Well, I got bad intelligence.Well, youre here on a good night, ladies and gentlemen. The entire balcony of the Ed Sullivan Theater is full of indicted Washington lobbyists.Because of the Jack Abramoff scandal, that in Washington, DC, congressmen are actually now returning illegal gifts. I called the weather bureau, and sure enough, hell has frozen over.The guy who was the former chef at the White House has written a tell-all book. Yes. A tell-all book. For example, he says Dick Cheney, Dick Cheney, Vice President, his favorite recipe is something called Chicken Gitmo. Its chicken bound and gagged on a bed of rice.And President Bush fired the guy, the former chef, for serving scallops. Im thinking, well, gosh, is this the guy he should be firing? What about those guys who got us into Iraq? Why didnt he fire those guys?Theres a story now that Donald Trump will be running for president. How about that? Donald Trump as president. There would be a lot of changes. I want to tell you, if Donald Trump was president, a lot of changes. Instead of the CIA, Trump would be getting bad intelligence from his barber.Republicans now want Donald Trump to run for governor of New York. I think it would be nice to see the guy get a little publicity for a change.Friends say that Donald is very excited about this and hes serious. Hes thinking about throwing his hair into the ring.Down there in Washington earlier today, Dick Cheney had another scare. They hospitalized him because of shortness of breath. Hes okay. And he was just winded from torturing a detainee.And then later today the Justice Department was evacuated because of a suspicious package. Well that turned out to be just a bag of cash dropped off by Jack Abramoff.There is encouraging news out of Israel, Ariel Sharon is emerging from a coma. However doctors say he may have impaired mental function. Impaired mental function. And I thought, Well hell, that doesnt stop Bush.Have you folks been watching the Judge Alito confirmation hearings on TV? Im very excited about it because for one week Im not the dullest man on television.You folks been watching the Alito Supreme Court nomination hearings? And its exciting. And the Democrats are already set. Theyre crazy and accusing him of giving a vague, contradictory answers, and Alito was right on that. He shot back, Maybe, maybe not.The hearings are so dull that that woman in Cincinnati who was dead in front of her TV for two years, she got up and turned them off.Theres a new survey by the AMA, and according to the survey, 15% of all Americans in the American workforce are on the job drunk. ... 15% of Americans drunk on the job. Hmmm, I wonder if thats how we got into Iraq.Well, tonights show turns out better than last nights show. Oh my God, halfway through last nights show, Judge Alitos wife ran out in tears.Have you been watching the Judge Alito confirmation hearings? Theyre so dull, theyre so dull that CBS has ordered 13 more episodes.This Alito guy, hes not very forthcoming and he is very tight-lipped. And finally, to loosen him up, Ted Kennedy sent over a couple of Bloody Marys.Apparently, Abraham Lincoln suffered from depression. Were you aware of that? Yes, he had terrible depression. And reports from the day they put together historical documents indicating that he was really depressed. Every now and then you can see him walking out to the Rose Garden when he was at the White House...walking out to the rose garden carrying his yoga mat.He was so depressed, one day his wife said to him, I know what will cheer you up. How about a night at the theater?The Golden Globe show was so long and so dull, today Dick Cheney ordered a copy of it to torture detainees.Vice president Cheney right now is on an extended tour of the Middle East. They love him over there. Hes known as Lawrence of Arrhythmia.Former Vice President Al Gore says that President Bush has repeatedly and insistently broken the law. Repeatedly and insistently broken the law. This is Al Gore. Al issued this strongly worded statement into his microphone at Taco Bell.California electrocuted the oldest death row inmate. 76 years old. Executed the oldest death row inmate. Well, there goes another CBS viewer.America was not discovered by Christopher Columbus. It was discovered by the Chinese. Did you hear this? America originally discovered by the Chinese. And Im like, great, how the hell can they find America but they can never find my building when theyre delivering the Kung Pao chicken.People at the State Department think that Osama may be losing it. They think he may be getting wacky. Because in the tape he offers to sell his kidney stone for $25,000.According to reports, Ted Kennedy, perhaps, maybe had a child out of wedlock. Yup, according to rumors Ted Kennedy may have had a child out of wedlock. Well, who hasnt?But, you know, something like this could damage the Kennedys reputation with women.It was gone -- maybe you didnt even know it was gone, but now its back. Im talking about the Miss America pageant, back. Thats right. Tomorrow night -- and everybody has Miss America fever. As a matter of fact, earlier today, President Bush pledged to rebuild Miss Louisiana.Here is something else weird. They had a snow storm in Hawaii. Did you hear about that? Wait, wait, dont worry. FEMA is on its way.Yesterday at a press conference President Bush admitted that he had not seen Brokeback Mountain. However, he did express an interest in drilling for oil there.Heres big news from the world of broadcasting. How many of you folks know the WB? ... And what about the UPN? ... Well, guess what? Theyre now merging. Theyre merging into one network and theyll be called WC. Thats right. Now President Bush was warned in advance and did nothing to stop this.Speaking of President Bush, hes talking to the National Security Agency to kind of boost morale. These are the people who do all the wiretapping for us. Hes talking to them trying to boost their morale. You also can talk to the National Security Agency just by dialing any phone number in the country. Hello.President Bush was in Kansas a couple of days ago and the kids at the college asked him if he had seen Brokeback Mountain. He hadnt seen that. He said he doesnt like westerns where the cowboys ride into town for a day spa. He said he didnt care for that.But President Bush is an old-fashioned kind of guy. He leaves the room during Ben Gay commercials.Listing things to keep people happy during the most depressing time of the year: Theres never been a Barbara Bush sex tape. Thats something to make you happy.Listing things to keep people happy during the most depressing time of the year: If Hillary becomes president, its a good bet Bill will do some crazy-ass things in the White House again. That will make you happy.Unveiled a new skit called George W. Bush straight shooting. George W. Bush straight shooting. Take a look. Accompanied by Hail to the Chief a videoclip showed Bushs remarks on the war against terrorism at Kansas State University Monday with Bush saying, ...follow me, the world is going to be worse...10. Plans to release next threatening video tape in high definition.In the seventies had a gay fling with a blind sheikh.Secretly likes kosher pickles.Middle name Duane.Stole Death to America catchphrase from Fran Tarkenton.Got cave hooked up with Sirius so he could listen to Howard Stern.Know all the words to the Black Eye Peas song My Humps.After Colts lost to Steelers, declared jihad on Mike Vanderjagt.Has a bumper sticker that reads, Dont blame me, I voted for Kerry.The son of a bitch is still alive.How many saw President Bushs State of the Union address last night? It was interrupted 72 times by applause, and 30 times for subpoenas.One stirring moment during President Bushs speech when he got a standing ovation from the cricket lobbyists, that was good, and then the groundhog came out...A lot of controversy about the President Bush wiretapping everybody, and I was thinking if President Bush is wiretapping my phone and listening to my calls, I think he actually should pay for half of the phone sex bill.There was a kind of big deal down in Washington last night at the White House. There was a tribute to the Dance Theater of Harlem down there in Washington at the White House, and after the dinner, the President and his wife got up and danced for the crowd. And I was thinking about this. I believe the last time Bush danced for a black audience was when he tried to explain FEMAs response.Heres exciting news. Hillary Clinton, she has apparently a brand new huge diamond ring. So I guess Bills dating again.The Republicans have said about Hillary Clinton, that shes too angry to be president. Senator Hillary Clinton too angry to be president. When Hillary heard this, she said, Oh, yeah, Ill rip your throats out, bastards.And now Hillary has got a brand new diamond ring. Its a huge, big, enormous diamond ring. Its oversized. They say its flawed, you know, just like her husband.The last time a Democrat had a stone that big, it was passed by Ted Kennedy.Did you know this, they televised the Grammy award show all across Europe? They were doing that to quiet the cartoon riots.Tomorrow, the ex-head of FEMA, Michael Brown, ex-head of FEMA, Michael Brown, will be addressing Congress about Katrina. And apparently, hes almost ready to send help down there. So thats good.Good news, ladies and gentlemen. We have finally located weapons of mass destruction. Its Dick Cheney.So, over the weekend, the Vice President wants to go bird hunting. Hes going quail hunting or duck hunting or something like that. You know, horseplay. You know how that breaks out when youre out there hunting. One thing leads to another. He shoots his buddy. But here is the sad part. Before the trip, Donald Rumsfeld had denied the guys request for body armor.But honestly I dont know what all the fuss is about. Whats more American than shooting your hunting buddy in the ass?We cant get bin Laden, but we nailed a 78-year-old attorney.The guy who got gunned down, this buddy of Cheneys...he is a Republican lawyer and a big Republican donor. Fortunately, the buck shot was deflected by wads of laundered cash. So hes fine.This just in. The global warming rally has been canceled.Wanted to get the Iraq mess off the front page.Not enough Jim Beam.Trying to stop the spread of bird flu.I love to shoot people.Guy was making cracks about my lesbian daughter.I thought the guy was trying to go gay cowboy on me.Excuse? I hit him didnt I?Until Democrats approve Medicare reform, we have to make some tough choices for the elderly.Made a bet with Gretzkys wife.By the way, good news, good news today: So far Dick Cheney has not shot anybody.Dick Cheney over the weekend, him and a couple of buddies go down there and theyre hunting, and horse play, theyre goofing around, and the next thing you know he guns down a buddy of his. And Im thinking to myself, if this story gets any bigger, pretty soon theyre going to have to tell the President.It turns out now that Dick Cheney did not have a license to hunt, did not have a license to hunt. And coincidentally, it turns out we didnt have a license to go into Iraq.But the real question now is, is this a one-time thing or will the Vice President try to kill again?But its Valentines Day, and I hope you folks are having a lovely Valentines Day, and everybody is in the Valentines mood. For example, early today, Dick Cheney shot his buddy in the ass with an arrow.There was one really unfortunate event at the dog show last night. The Great Dane was attacked by a mob of Afghan hounds.Oh, my God. This just in. Earlier today, Dick and Lynne Cheney shot up a gas station.Welcome to the program, ladies and gentlemen. I just want to say something about last nights show. Last nights show was my fault. I was the guy who pulled the trigger.Did you folks hear about this? You know, now al Qaeda says that to join al Qaeda, to become a member in al Qaeda, you must have a high school diploma to join al Qaeda. Well, that ought to keep out the losers.And the comic book people have announced that Batman, Batman now will go after Osama bin Laden. So you see, Bush does have a plan.Mayor Bloomberg has announced he will not seek the presidency of the US. It turns out he does not meet the height requirement.Oh, my God. Did you guys see Dick Cheney on TV last night talking about how he gunned down that guy? Oh, boy. It was on television, and -- but I think in Cheneys favor, he won everybody over as soon as he flashed that warm, Cheney sneer.And he said at the ranch down there in Texas where he shot the guy, after the shooting they had a huge roast beef dinner. A huge roast beef dinner. This guys had five heart attacks. Why is he eating prime rib? Thats what all about?A lot of people were suspicious when Cheney said he was going to go on Fox. And they said, well, is the Vice President -- this is the question you heard -- is the Vice President going on Fox just because theyre going to ask him softball questions? Thats what everybody thought. Is he just going on Fox because of the softball questions? And my answer to that was, well, does a Vice President shoot in the woods?Top Ten Surprises Of The Dick Cheney Interview:Sentenced himself to a week at Gitmo.Hes engaged to Katie Holmes.Revealed list of the next ten old guys he plans to shoot.Pinned Brit Hume to the wall with a ninja throwing star.Chalked the whole thing up to roid rage.Spent most of the time talking about whos going to win American Idol.His clumsy attempt to pin the entire thing on Michael Brown.Claims it was all part of the plan to make Bush look smarter.Stunning admission: The gun was loaded and so was I.Dick Cheney is on vacation. Yeah, hes out in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, and so far he has shot two skiers.They found more of this new tape from Osama bin Laden, the new audiotape. But this is a very, very important tape because in this tape he announces his Oscar picks.But in the tape, Osama bin Laden is very defiant and he says the United States will never get me alive, never get me alive. Yeah, I think that is probably true, hes going to die of old age.Madame Tussauds wax museum unveiled a brand-new statue of Hillary Clinton. She has a statue down there. I want to remind you I also have a statue there, everybody thinks it is the guy Cheney shot, but its not, its me.Well, heres good news. Vice President Dick Cheney is on vacation in Wyoming. He needs some time to unwind and reload.But you think about it, an Arab company running a US port, thats like putting FEMA in charge of disaster relief.President George Bush now wants to end our dependency on foreign oil. Nice to see him nipping that in the bud.I just heard this before I came out here. The United Arab Emirates says we will get our ports back if we take Michael Jackson back.This Arab company is now controlling all of the ports, and George W. Bush says he had no idea that this Arab company would now be in charge of all the United States ports. I said to myself, Well, its business as usual at the White House.Having an Arab company running the American ports thats like asking Courtney Love to keep an eye on your medicine cabinet.Thats like hiring Britnee Spears to car pool your kids.Thats like telling Kirstie Ally to guard the buffet.How about this, President Bush is letting an Arab company run American ports. Thats like letting Robert Blake take your wife to dinner.But President Bush said that the port deal is not a security threat. Thats what he said, its not a security threat. And remember this is the same guy who said, Mission accomplished, so there you go.Here was something surprising. Al Qaeda, now, if you want to be a member of al Qaeda, you must have a high school diploma. And it also helps if youve been in student council or glee club.If you want to be a member of al Qaeda, you have to take a physical. They want to make sure youre in shape to blow yourself up.They had the big Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans, and FEMA this year has a float, but its not expected till Labor Day.It is so cold down in Washington DC, earlier today, Dick Cheney shot the weatherman.It is so cold here in New York City that Mayor Bloomberg decided to turn over New York Citys ports to the Eskimos.Everybody is angry because an Arab country, company has been hired to run six American ports. And President Bush is now saying he did not know what was going on. That is so out of character.Its so cold, down at Madam Tussauds, the wax statue of Hillary Clinton is wearing two pantsuits.President Bush right now is in India. Hes in India. Yeah, so its comforting to know that quick-draw Cheney has his finger on the nuclear button, isnt it?Approval ratings for President Bush -- this is staggering -- his approval rating is 38%. President Bush is so unpopular now, as a matter of fact, Dick Cheney, Dick Cheney has a higher approval rating among quail.Anna Nicole Smith, hot babe, hot babe marries a guy who is about 100, worth $1 billion, and guess what, he drops dead. ... And it went all the way to Supreme Court. In the Supreme Court, Anna Nicole Smith. Its crazy. Its the first time in the Supreme Court that Ruth Bader Ginsberg has not been the hottest chick there.But give her credit. Anna Nicole Smith made a compelling case, so good, as a matter of fact, Clarence Thomas couldnt keep his eyes off of exhibits A and B.Its cold today, isnt it lousy cold, nasty? Not even above freezing. It was so cold today that that Arab company said keep your damn ports.It is called the Republican workout. Every morning you bench press a bag of laundered cash.But dont kid yourself, Condoleezza Rice is in great shape. They actually had footage of her tossing a medicine ball with Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter.President Bush, by the way, made a surprise visit to Afghanistan. And Im thinking you know, maybe it would have been better if we had sent Quick Draw Cheney over there.Speaking of the ongoing hunt for Osama bin Laden, President Bush said this, dont expect immediate results. Coincidently that is the same thing they say about FEMA.President Bush...is visiting the Indian prime minister. Dont kid yourself. The Indian prime minister is a busy, busy guy. At night he works for AOL tech support.Things are not going well for the Bush Administration. George Bushs approval rating is now 34. 34. Unbelievable. Thats 23 with a wind chill.By the way, President George Bush is in India right now. Hes over there. Hes hoping to outsource FEMA.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Help me out here for a second. Do you think now, do you think it is too soon to be hitting on Mrs. Milosevic?Heres how odd the weather has been. So warm here lately that Barry Bonds was injecting himself with ice tea.You folks see the Sopranos last night? Its back. Fans had to wait two years, two years for a new episode. Apparently the show is now being produced by FEMA.Are you all excited about March Madness, the big NCAA college basketball tournament? Heres how it works. It starts at 65, then 64, then 32, then 16. Its just like Bushs approval rating.Theres a guy who used to be Bushs domestic policy adviser, Claude Allen...he is now charged with defrauding a department store. And when Bush heard about this, he was stunned, he was shocked. He had no idea he had a domestic policy adviser.Top Ten Signs The Government Is Running Out Of Money: 10. State dinners are at IHOP. 9. Country renamed United States of Ditech.com. 8. Had to fire Lauras sexy Dominican gardener. 7. Witness protection program now issues informants a fake mustache. 6. For ten bucks you can punch Rumsfeld in the stomach. 5. Bushs awkward call to Mrs. Milosevic asking if hes in Slobodans will. 4. The original Constitution is on eBay. 3. NSA can only afford to tap phones during off-peak hours. 2. Price of a stamp is now two grand. 1. Cheney was spotted strolling into a bank carrying his 12-gauge.I almost forgot, St. Patricks Day. The one day of the year when the Mayor turns over our ports to leprechauns.Former President Bill Clinton is telling people, telling America that his gut is saying that America is ready for a woman president. And I would say to Bill Clinton, thats not your gut talking.Today is the third anniversary of the Iraqi war. So far, so good.Im thinking the only way now if you want to get rid of the Iraqi war, the only way to really get rid of it is put it on NBC.Let me break down for you the sides in the Iraqi civil war. It has turned out to be a civil war. Here are the sides. You have two factions fighting. It is the people who hate America versus the people who really hate America. Those are the two sides.Top Ten Reasons Dick Cheney Wont Resign:Turns out when you shoot somebody, if youre not Vice President, you gotta do time.Bush leaves at two every day and then its margaritas and Fritos.Set the Solitaire high score on his office computer.Wants to see if he can help Bush get his approval rating under ten.Too hard to give up vice presidential discount at DC area Sam Goody stores.Wants to stay on the job until every country in the world hates us.Extra-zappy White House defibrillators.Undisclosed location has foosball table and whores.Why quit when things are going so well?How many folks got up this morning and watched the Presidents press conference at 10:00 AM? And he said that hes vowed that this year his...the rest of his term, hes committed to one thing. Hes going to do this. Hes going to disarm Iran. Hes going to disarm Korea, and hes going to disarm Cheney.For the last 16 years, the commissioner of the NFL has been Paul Tagliabue. Well, hes retiring. Hes stepping down. And listen to this, they had offered the job to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Honest to God. They offered it to Condoleezza Rice and she turned the job now. Now when Janet Reno heard this, she said, Yo, over here. Hey, lets go.We have a new Secretary of Interior. Are you aware of this, a new Secretary of Interior, Dirk Kempthorne? I dont mean to laugh, thats the guys name. Wasnt he one was those gay cowboys, Dirk Kempthorne?Heres what we know about Kempthorne. He is pro-industry. ... Earlier today, he opened Mount Rushmore for drilling oil in Lincolns nose.According to a recent poll, three out of five Americans believe George W. Bush should be impeached. And when we heard that, the President said, Cool, I love peaches.Thousands and thousands of undocumented workers protested yesterday. That was unbelievable, wasnt it? Almost a million people. And President Bush was really surprised by the large number of protestors. And you know what, Im not surprised he was surprised.When he travels, Dick Cheney has certain things that he needs. What he calls a downtime suite. A downtime suite it a suite in a hotel room where he can relax and take it easy, you know, when he is on the road. Coincidentally, George W. Bush also has a downtime suite, its called the Oval Office.Here now, a list of requirements for Dick Cheneys downtime suite. He wants bottled water. He wants decaffeinated coffee. He wants an ice bucket. He wants ammo.Cheney wants bottled water, he wants lights on, temperature at 68, TVs tuned to Fox News. And I was thinking my God, I wish they would put this much preparation into the Iraqi war, you know, for heavens sake!Youve been watching the Senate debating the immigration bill? Its great. Every time somebody says undocumented worker, Ted Kennedy does a tequila shot.The National Weather Service says it will be another very, very busy hurricane season. President Bush is already stock piling excuses. So hes ready.You know who Andrew Card is, the White House Chief of Staff. Andrew Card. Had the job for like five years. Well, he resigned. Yeah, I know what youre thinking. Well, my God, who would leave a dream job like that?Yep, Andrew Card, Chief of Staff has resigned. Finally somebody in the White House has an exit strategy, so that was good.Andy Card was talking to the President and he found himself in kind of a difficult position. Bush gave him two choices. One, he could resign or, two, go hunting with Cheney.Earlier today in parts of the world there was a total eclipse of the sun. ... President Bush says the eclipse of the sun proves the unreliability of solar power.By the way, speaking of President Bush, right now hes in Cancun, Mexico. Hes down there looking for tequila of mass destruction.The White House Chief of Staff, Andrew Card, resigned. You aware of that? Hes been replaced by a guy named Josh Bolten. Theres also still an opening for a guy on Condoleezza Rice.President Bush is in Cancun. The only President I know that takes spring break.But hes down in Mexico hes holding a meeting about illegal immigration. Well, glad to see hes nipping that in the bud.Ladies and gentlemen, turning our attention to the world of television, Joe Pantoleno is getting a new series right here on CBS. The interesting thing about this, President Bush knew about it and did nothing to stop it.President Bush is denying that hes planning an air strike on Iran. So you know what that means, theyre planning an air strike on Iran.Vice President Dick Cheney, excited about baseball. As a matter of fact down in Washington, he was there to throw out first pitch for the Washington Nationals game. It was a nice day. Its a family affair because Cheneys lesbian daughter is the Nationals bullpen catcher.Top Ten Little Known Facts About Dick Cheney: 10. Has iPod pacemaker that keeps his heart beating to Aerosmith.Enjoys reading his grandson excerpts from shady defense contracts.First Vice President since Mondale to take a leak in the Rose Garden.Not sure if this is significant, but he was the last to see Don Knotts alive.Has a daily 5 oclock meeting with advisors, Jim Beam and Jack Daniels.In 1994, underwent a failed sneer-reduction procedure.The second the cameras are off, so are his pants.His undisclosed location is a Hooters in San Antonio.Loves the elderly ? well, shooting at them.His approval rating is now lower than his number of heart attacks.At the Washington Nationals opener, Dick Cheney was down there, and he threw out first pitch, and he was booed. He was booed, and Cheney said he was very surprised. He thought hed be greeted as a liberator with flowers and candy.Heres something scary: Iran now has enriched uranium. Iran has enriched uranium. Fortunately, its enriched with niacin, so thats not a problem.The bad news, Iran is now capable of making a nuclear bomb. The good news is they have to drop it from a camel.Everybody is getting old. As a matter of fact, President Bush is 59 years old. He is the same age I am. And he gets up two or three times a night to leak classified documents.It was so nice down in Washington DC today that President Bush was leaking classified documents in the park.It is tax time, and President Bush is saving a lot on taxes this year. Where you aware of this? Oh, yeah, he is doing quite well, President Bush. As a matter of fact, he is writing off his entire second term.The president of Iran has announced, here is the quote, We are a nuclear country. We are a nuclear country. You know what is scary about that? The president of Iran knows how to pronounce nuclear.You can tell its tax season. Earlier today, Dick Cheney shot up an H&R Block.By the way tomorrow, the anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. Thats too bad, very sad. It sunk after it struck an iceberg, and well never see a disaster like that in our lifetime because all of the icebergs have melted.The White House annual Easter Egg Hunt. Oh, my God, its this weekend. And, you know, the kids this year have some extra help because President Bush came out on the lawn and leaked the location of the eggs.If I seem a little up set to you people tonight, its because something ugly happened to me earlier today. Six former generals called for my resignation.You hear about this, former generals are calling for Donald Rumsfelds resignation. And I thought this was odd, they also want to get rid of that Ace Young from American Idol.That Rumsfeld, Rumsfeld is defiant. He says he is not backing down and says he will stick around and let people criticize his handling of the Iranian invasion.Down in Washington DC, today is the annual White House front lawn Easter egg hunt. It is a big, big annual event. The kids found so many eggs it was unbelievable. Im thinking, Maybe they should send the kids to look for Osama bin Laden.But it was a lovely day and a festive occasion. The kids found quite a few eggs and hundreds and hundreds of Cheneys shell casings.The White House, the Bush Administration, says that they want to declare all golf course water hazards as federally protected wetlands. Its part of their effort to save restricted country clubs.Heres something I dont understand. Earlier today, six retired Army generals called for the retirement of Regis Philbin.These retired generals have another demand. They also want Sizzlers Early Bird Special to start at 4:00.Do you realize this, 100th answer anniversary of the devastating San Francisco earthquake. 100 years ago. 1906, 100 years ago. San Francisco, devastating earthquake. FEMA is on the way.These people, they get on the tramway, and theyre going to Roosevelt Island, and some people are coming back and both trams get stuck and they are up there like six hours dangling above the river. They got them down after six hours. Heres the good news, FEMA arrives next week.Take-Your-Daughter-To-Work Day is a holiday invented by a quick-thinking Ted Kennedy when he was seen leaving his office with a 19-year-old girl.Its Saddam Husseins 69th birthday, how about that, 69th birthday, Saddam Hussein. He is in a room alone cut off from his wife and relatives, and thats punishment?Saddam says that he doesnt want any gifts for his birthday. What Saddam really wants is a California jury, thats what he wants.Its so beautiful today in New York City, heres what I did. I pretended I was an immigrant and took the day off.According to a new poll, Condoleezza Rice, Secretary of State is the most popular member of the Bush Administration. Most popular member of the Bush Administration. Thats like being MVP of the Knicks, thank you very much.The Supreme Court has ruled in favor of Anna Nicole Smith. And Im telling you, I guess that lap dance for Clarence Thomas paid off.The FDA came in and tested the New York City drinking water. Its cloudy. Were being fined. I want to tell you something, if you dont know this, New York City water is cloudy. Its cloudier than a Rush Limbaugh drug test.Top Ten Signs Gas Is Expensive: 10. Its so expensive, Batman is patrolling the streets on a Schwinn.Its so expensive, mobsters are dousing snitches with olive oil.Its so expensive, Dominos only delivers within walking distance.Its so expensive, moviegoers flock to RV just to see someone driving.Its so expensive, Tom Cruise agreed to be a guest for 5 gallons of unleaded.Its so expensive, youre actually willing to carpool with Regis.Its so expensive, Starbucks is selling Gasaccino.Its so expensive, its negatively influencing our foreign policy, hurting millions of hardworking Americans and threatening to throw our economy into absolute chaos.Its so expensive, Anna Nicole Smith married the night manager of a Texaco.Its so expensive, Britney Spears baby is driving a Prius.When he travels, Dick Cheney travels with a hazmat suit. One of those hazardous materials protection suit. ... Ironically when his daughter, when his lesbian daughter travels, she travels with a pants suit.According to a new study one-third of Americas youth cannot find Louisiana on a map. Well, Hell, the Federal Government cant find Louisiana on a map.Top Ten Ways United States Automakers Can Increase Sales: 10. A car horn that plays My Humps.Rig GPS screens to display Cinemax After Dark.Switch gas and brake pedals to make driving more exciting.Zero down! Zero interest! Zero payments until after the bird flu pandemic!Cars come with a monkey that keeps an eye on your blind spot.Less rack, more pinion.Bumpers that make comical boing sound.Find a way to make objects in mirror appear even closer.Enhance lovemaking with vibrating backseat.Fill airbags with delicious butterscotch pudding.You know what happens tomorrow? Mission Impossible 3. Talk about an impossible mission. Tom Cruise has to find a man for Condoleezza Rice.Everybody gets in the spirit of Cinco de Mayo. Rush Limbaugh tested positive for margaritas.The United States department of health [sic] has issued their guidelines now to prevent yourself from getting the bird flu, here is what you do. Wear a surgical mask to work. Stay three feet from coworkers. Dont shake hands. So whos crazy now, huh?The White House says that President Bush actually can speak Spanish. Can speak Spanish. But not very well. In other words, about the same as English.I was talking to a friend of my in Washington at the weather bureau. He was saying dont kid yourself, this global warming is deadly serious. As a matter of fact n ten years, they believe in ten years Hillary Clinton will be completely defrosted.In the new Mission Impossible movie, Tom Cruise is Ethan Hunt, and in this Mission Impossible movie, it is the most impossible mission so far. He has got to try and get the President to pull his numbers up.They are celebrating Cinco de Mayo down in Washington, DC. At the White House, a confused George Bush lit a menorah.69 years ago today ladies and gentlemen, the Hindenburg crashed and burned 69 years ago. At the time, the Hindenburg was the biggest thing to go down until, well, Monica.The director of the CIA, the Central Intelligence Agency, Porter Goss resigned, surprisingly, I guess on Friday he resigned. He says he wants to spend more time giving bad intelligence to his family.But they named a replacement for Porter Goss, big surprise, Rosie ODonnell.How many of you saw the Kentucky Derby on Saturday? A horse named Barbaro won. And what a thrilling race. But there was trouble. Did you see it near the finish line? Barbaro, the winning horse had to swerve to miss Patrick Kennedy.Top Ten Questions George W. Bush Asked The New CIA Director: 10. How many national security threats can you ignore per minute?Any chance the A in CIA stands for Anchovies?How many years experience do you have sitting on your ass doing nothing?Do you prefer being called dude or dawg?Can we speed this up? I wanna see RV.Is Cialis right for you?Can you explain to me what the hell is happening on Lost?So, do you speak Iraqian?What would it take to make Letterman disappear?Can you get me some surveillance photos of Jessica Alba sunbathing?In the ABC movie Fatal Contact, The bird flu movie, heres what it is. Government officials, the bird flu is coming. Government officials are slow to react to the growing disaster. Seriously, where do they come up with this stuff?After holding his breathe for seven minutes, illusionist David Blaine was shaky. He was disoriented but he was able to walk on his own. Oh, no, no, no. That was Patrick Kennedy.But he could only do seven minutes so I guess the old record still belongs to Monica.Top Ten Surprises In ABCs Bird Flu Movie: 10. Thanks to sponsorship deal, flu is cured by the delicious taste of Dr. Pepper.Humans attacked by pigeons with tire irons.20% of population comes down with the less dangerous bird hiccups.Every time someone says, chicken, all the characters chug a beer.Hilarious scene in which Leslie Nielsen confuses his Tamiflu with his Viagra.Every single person in the world ends up at General Hospital.The big villain? Larry Bird.Sad conclusion in which Charlie Brown puts a bullet in Woodstock.Hilarious scene where the guy playing President Bush actually solves the problem.Sole survivors Michael Jackson and Rosie ODonnell are forced to repopulate the Earth.Its like one of the worst allergy seasons on record the yeah, thank you. So bad, earlier Rush Limbaugh admitted he was addicted to Claritin.Its not all good in my world. This morning I get to work, and on my desk theres an 18-page letter from the president of Iran. Heres something cute. You know he dots his Is with little mushroom clouds.This guy, the president of Iran, sent George Bush an 18-page letter from the president of Iran, to George Bush, 18 pages. Yeah, like hes going to read that.Barry Bonds is one home run away from tying the record of Babe Ruths 714. Hes one, one home run away, and I was thinking to myself, Man, imagine what this guy could have done if hed been on steroids!Well, you can tell summer is just around the corner, ladies and gentlemen. Earlier today Dick Cheney injured an old guy in a fishing accident.The Federal Government is now monitoring telephone calls of millions and millions and millions of Americans. ... Honest to God, if the governments had been monitoring my phone conversations, by God they should be paying half of my phone sex bill.Yesterday, the House of Representatives passed the $70 billion tax cut capital gains and its all part of President Bushs no millionaire left behind program.There is a guy in Washington, DC, just a guy, and he is searching through garbage and he finds, you know what he finds, he finds a copy of President Bushs travel plans. ... And Im thinking, Well, why dont we put this guy in charge of looking for bin Laden?Thank you. All right. Settle down. This is starting to sound like an Exxon shareholders meeting.If I look a little frenzied, if I look a little harried, if I look a little rattled, if I look like somebody has just taken me and shaken me, if I look that way its because today coming to work I got a lift from Patrick Kennedy.Mission Impossible III is Tom cruises most impossible mission yet. His mission now is to keep the Kennedys out of trouble.Heres the idea of the movie. Its the USS Poseidon. Its a huge luxury liner cruise ship. Theres some kind of problem. Isnt there always some kind of problem? And the big huge Poseidon thing goes belly up. Its just like President Bushs second term.Last night was the season finale of West Wing. Its gone, did you realize that, thats it for West Wing, and ABC has cancelled Commander in Chief, so now the only fictional president is Bush.President Bush addressed the United States about immigration. And this is odd, during the speech he laid out his proposal and then he tried to hold his breath for nine minutes.President Bush is sending National Guard members to the Mexican border. Im telling you, between Iraq and the Mexican border, the National Guard is stretched tighter than Joan Rivers face.President Bush thinks its time we do something special about illegal immigration. Im thinking, My gosh, he nipped that in the bud.He says, before immigrants can become citizens of the United States, they should be able to speak proper English. Be able to speak proper English, except for the word nuclear.Heres what theyre going to do now at the Mexican border, according to President Bush. The Mexican border will now have surveillance cameras and motion detectors. Our borders will be as secure as the Gap.Heres everybodys nightmare. Ted Kennedy is flying somewhere up in New England over the weekend, and the aircraft was struck by lightning. Thank God everybody was safe and they landed safely, but talk about an ordeal. Then he had to ride home from the airport with his son Patrick, and oh, my God.Maybe youve seen this brand-new musical here in New York City, Broadway, a tremendous hit, and it has received 12 Tony nominations. Its the story of a Vice President. Its called Cheney Get Your Gun.Top Ten Signs The Government Is Spying On You: 10. Post Office wall has several photos of you sleeping.Your houseplant occasionally sneezes.Dominos keeps delivering to unmarked van parked across the street.Birthday card from your mom has several words blacked out.You get nominated for outstanding lead performance in an NSA surveillance video.Your dishwasher functions are wash, rinse, and record.Local news only reporting things that happen in your living room.Every time you say goodbye on the phone, you hear a strange voice say, Roger that, Chico.You googled a recipe for humus and the FBI raided your house.Suddenly discovered an antenna bolted to your ass.It turns out now that they think FBI is now looking, they got a tip and the FBI are looking right now for Jimmy Hoffa. Everywhere. The FBI, looking, and Im thinking thats great. But what about Osama bin Laden?The FBI, in their defense, claiming they have a lead on where the whereabouts of Jimmy Hoffa. They said he was last seen on a duck hunting trip with Dick Cheney.Bill Clinton is writing another book. And this one is going to be -- the first one was an enormous book. And it was his life story. And then the next one is going to be a fascinating book. In the book Clinton describes one time when an intern held her breath for nine minutes.You know about this now, President Bush is sending troops to the Mexican border. Hes going to have them look for tequilas of mass destruction.You want to get into the United States, you have to have legal documentation, or a 95-mile-per-hour fastball.The hunting accident was really only bad for two people, for the Vice President, of course, and the guy who got shot. For us here it was tremendous.I guess everybody knows now about the NSA, the National Security Agency. They been assembling a database, millions and millions and millions of phone calls place placed by Americans last year, and theyre recording them, and were being wiretapped, theyre listening in on our conversations. My line has been tapped since the 50s.And I called a friend of mine, Doug, down there at the NSA, and I said, look, I know theyve been tapping my phone, can you get me my phone records? He said, Ill see what I can do. Take a look at this. Theyve got every call, every time. This is just page one. There have to be 100 pages here. Dominos Pizza, Elite Escort, Dominos Pizza. Lets skip ahead. Lets skip ahead again, you see its Dominos Pizza.Scientists now believe they may be able to teach birds grammar. It is your tax dollars at work, by the way. And if they succeed, teaching grammar to the birds they are going to try the same thing with President Bush.Hillary Clinton said that in her spare time what she likes to do is download iTunes. She likes to download iTunes. And of course, we all know, in his spare time Bill likes to download interns.It was so nice today, Al Gore said, Hey, this global warming is not so bad.In this country, global warming is so bad, we are now actually starting to warm up to Barry Bonds.The Federal Trade Commission has ruled that the oil companies are not gouging customers. Thats right. They have ruled that the oil companies are not gouging customers. They say technically, theyre screwing customers.Down in Washington, DC, earlier today, it was so hot, so hot in Washington that one congressman actually got into the freezer with his bribe money.Al Gore has a brand new movie out and it paints a very bleak picture about global warming, apparently Ted Williams head is nearly defrosted.The President of Mexico has arrived in the United States thanks to some nifty fence climbing.He offered to take President Bushs job for $3 an hour, cash.Former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey has a new memoir, a gay people memoir that tells everything about his life as the gay governor of New Jersey. I believe its called the Versace Code.Osama bin Laden, no getting around it, hes creepy and he sent over one of his videotapes. Chilling, chilling message. On the video tapes he boasts that we will never find him or Jimmy Hoffa.But I think Osama has gone around the bend. I think he is nuts. I think he is loopy. I think he is dopey. On the video tape, he attempts to hold his breath for nine minutes.The former CEO, Ken Lay of Enron, you know the big Enron scandal, billions and billions of dollars defrauded, just a horrible story, hes going away. Hes going to be sentenced in September, could be like 16, 18 years, got some good news today: Martha said shed wait for him.The Bush Administration is very annoyed about Al Gores global warming movie. As a matter of fact, earlier today, Dick Cheney shot a projectionist.One very dramatic scene in the Al Gore global warming movie when a glacier melts and they find more Al Gore ballots from the election.In the new X Men movie, In this one -- fantastic -- the genetic mutant is elected governor of California.Homeland Security is cutting funding for New York City and raising funding for Nebraska. Well, at least the corn sleep better.The Canadian Mounties, they busted a group of Canadian terrorists. Canadian al Qaeda group, about 19 of them. They busted, their motto was Death to America, eh.The Canadian terrorist group was lead by Canadian mastermind Gordie bin Laden.Yesterday a guy hopped the fence at the White House. Pretty scary. Thank God at the last minute Dick Cheney picked him off.Top Ten Surprises In Al Gores Global Warming Movie: 10. The role of Al Gore Is played by Bruce Willis.During the summer months, Al and Tipper host nude barbecues.Hilarious outtake of Al Gore saying wobal glarming.Its a musical.Refers to Arizona as being hotter than Tippers ass.Claims global warming melted Kenny Rogers face.Blames the crisis on a creepy albino.The scientist who supports all of his claims is Al Gore in a mustache.Best solution is to contribute heavily to Al-Gore-In-2008.com.It feels longer than the Florida recount.Ladies and gentlemen, here in New York, city gun violence in New York city is up 12%. I knew we could turn this thing around.Honestly, quite a lot of gun play now in New York City, but I dont mind. Its a good workout dodging sporadic sniper fire.Well, the big World Cup tournament kicks off in Germany and they start with a big parade. The giant parade of nations that hate America.Yesterday, I guess it was a big scare down there in Washington DC, a small plane violated White House air space. And the incident was very upsetting to the President. He was really concerned because hes in the White House at the time and a plane...and heres the problem. He thought it was coming to take him on vacation so he was really upset.But thank God, the resolution to the thing had a happy outcome because at the last minute Dick Cheney picked it off.Top Ten Signs It May Be The Apocalypse: 10. Gas is now $6.66 a gallon.Earlier today George W. Bush correctly pronounced apocalypse.The minute you finish washing your car, it starts raining, am I right, people? You know what Im talking about.On tonights Anderson Cooper 360, his head spun around 360 degrees.At lunch, my alphabet soup spelled, Eat it.People are actually buying a razor with five blades.Two words: Governor Schwarzenegger.While getting dressed, you discover pitchfork marks on your ass.Kenny Rogers knows when to hold em and fold em, but not when to walk away from the plastic surgeon.The Mets are in first place.Now the Vatican says that gay marriage actually is threatening family, threatening families. Really? More than priests?Ann Coulter goes around yakking, and shes got herself in a lot of trouble. She made some crazy statements about 9/11. And coincidentally -- and you wouldnt believe this, but coincidentally, Al Gore has now produced a new documentary all about Ann Coulter. Its crazy. Yeah. I believe its called An Inconvenient Bitch.But heres what we know about Ann Coulter. Shes blond, and shes single, and, well, well, maybe somebody will set her up with OJ.I have been thinking about this. Do you think it is too soon to hit on Mrs. Zarqawi?You heard go this, of course, Abu Musab al Zarqawi is dead. Nice shot, Cheney.Abu Musab al Zarqawi was the worlds most unhinged lunatic. He is now dead so, that moves Ann Coulter up to first place.Al Zarqawi, they knocked him out over the weekend. And al Qaeda has chosen a new leader in Iraq. His name is Abu Hamza al-Muhajir. The new al Qaeda leader in Iraq. Big step for this guy because his last job he was in charge of corporate gifting.They didnt waste any time, Zarqawi was killed and they named this Abu al-Muhajir, or as the Special Forces refer to him, next.Top Ten Secrets Found In Al Zarqawis Safe House: 10. He occasionally liked to dress up in a frilly pink burqa.Osamas been staying at a Red Roof Inn in Tulsa for over two years.He introduced Saddam to the joys of eating Doritos in your underpants.iPod packed with nothing but Tony Orlando and Dawn.Was hoping to be the next View co-host..According to his will, he left everything to the Boys and Girls Club of Long Island.The song Rhinestone Cowboy always made him cry.Refrigerator was fully stocked with Hebrew National Hot Dogs.High school yearbook shows he was voted most likely to start a jihad.Signed off on all Al-Qaeda correspondence with Zarqawi, out.It is so warm and beautiful here in New York City today, Al Gore said to hell with the glaciers.Theres talk Mayor Bloomberg may run for president. I thought there was a height requirement.Heres interesting news from the Pentagon, ladies and gentlemen, according to autopsy results, al Zarqawi, cause of death: Choked on a ham sandwich.You know, the Iraqi terror mastermind, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is dead. Yeah. Warm up the virgins.Anyway, his successor, Abu Hamza al-Muhajer, and if everything happens to that guy, Russell Crowe.Iraqs prime minister has implemented -- hes got some things going on there in Iraq. He has a curfew, has tried a curfew now. Theres a ban on personal weapons. And if that works, President Bush said hes going to try the same things on Dick Cheney.The big news of the day is President Bush made his second surprise visit to Baghdad. Flew in and out, a surprise, nobody knew he was coming. He sneaked in and out of Baghdad and it went so well, that they now have a secret plan to sneak a guy in and out of Condoleezza Rice.Heres the latest deal on the Hurricane Katrina FEMA situation. Apparently now, FEMA, the relief fund, $1.2 billion were spent on things like a divorce, a divorce a sex change -- does this make you angry? Are you angry? Are you angry because you had to pay for your own divorces and your own sex change? $1.4 billion in hurricane aid was spent on booze, was spent on vacations, spent on hookers...well, apparently, some of the folks down there got blown more than once.You heard about al Qaedas new leader in Iraq, Abu Hamza al-Muhajer? Earlier today he was on Iraqs big morning show, Live with Mohamed and Kelly.It was so beautiful earlier today down in Washington DC, that Patrick Kennedy walked into a concrete barrier.Good news from President Bush at a press conference yesterday. He was upbeat. He was cheerful. He was optimistic, thats right, hes drinking again.Earlier in the week president Bush quietly sneaked into Iraq. Here is an idea. Why dont we quietly sneak out of Iraq?Comparatively, President Bush quietly sneaked it into Baghdad, nobody knew about it. ... Bill Clinton, on the other hand, sneaks into an intern, everybody knows about it.Well, you know what the Ghost Whisperer does, the ghost whisperer runs errands for dead people. They will be contacted by a dead person and she, the ghost whisperer, will find out what they need and take care of it. Earlier on the show, the ghost whisperer picked up the mail for Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.About a week ago, they bombed al-Zarqawi, and now theyre sifting through the remains of the house where he was bombed and theyre finding unbelievable things. Earlier today, for example, they uncovered the body of Jimmy Hoffa.North Korea is ready to test long-range ballistic missiles. And next they will start working on indoor plumbing.It is a little frightening. North Korea has ballistic missile capability and, well, fortunately they are in the hands of a stable guy. Kim Jong-Il and his father Men Tall-Ly.Former President Clinton has made, making these speeches he has made $7.5 million, $7.5 million. Its amazing, isnt it. And of course it was all reported. Its not like the old days when he did business under the table.The White House says that North Korea now has missiles with the capability -- listen to this -- the capability of being launched out of North Korea and landing on the West Coast of the United States. The capability that theyll launch them in Korea and land on the West Coast of the United States. I was thinking about that. Hell, thats Lenos problem.It is so hot today, that Al Gore has a new movie, An Inconvenient Rash.It was so hot today, President Bush met with European leaders just for the chilly reception.Top Ten Other Changes In The United States Army:Foxholes will be even Foxy-er.Cumbersome Kevlar helmet replaced with more comfortable Panama hat.Soldiers receive furloughs to see Regis and Susan Lucci at Foxwoods Casino.Due to funding cuts, private first class reduced to private business class.No more annoying surprise visits from Bush.New feel-good drill sergeants demand, Drop and give me one!Instead of dishonorable discharge, unruly soldiers receive embarrassing Kenny Rogers-style eye lift.New Standard haircut: The Rachel.For a limited time all enlistees get to kick Rumsfelds ass.Al Gore is here to tell us that the Earth is dying. Im already Googleing other planets.In Al Gores movie, An Inconvenient Truth, he can explain and statistically verify that, yes, in fact, the ambient atmosphere of the earth is increasing. ... How many like me just couldnt care less?I got a closet full of short-sleeve shirts. I never get a chance to use them. Im looking forward to it.Apparently the murder rate in New York city is up 9%. But think where it would be without Superman.The murder rate is up 9%, but the good news is more apartment vacancies.President Bush now says that the climate change is a serious problem. President Bush said this. Climate change is a serious problem especially when hes trying to plan a three-month vacation.President Bush said climate change is a serious problem. Then he said, sounds like a job for Superman.Superman returns. Its a two-hour film. ... I dont want to say its dull but all it is for two hours Superman talks about global warming.President Bush is criticizing the New York Times for revealing how we track terrorists money. Yeah, hes also criticized the Times for not having a funny pages.That program to track terrorists money was working. Thats the sad thing. As a matter of fact, last month, we switched Osama bin Laden to a lower-interest account.You hate to see something like this happen, but Rush Limbaugh is flying someplace and he lands and theyre going through his luggage, and they found he had illegal Viagra. So chalk up another one for Homeland Security, ladies and gentlemen. Yes!Dont kid yourself, things are bad over there. Earlier today, Governor George Pataki toured the site of The View.Last years Fourth of July party, oh, this was awful. Last year I sent mom out for a propane tank, and she gets picked up by Homeland Security.President Bush, you know what, 60 years old, celebrated a birthday next week, 60 years old. Hard to imagine 60 years old, and youre at that age -- and I know, Im 59 -- you go into places and you forget why.Just about now Ken Lay should be arriving in hell. So thats good.Hot today here in New York City, isnt it? It was so hot up in Chappaqua, Bill Clinton got in bed with Hillary just for the chill.Any on-line gamblers here? Congress is looking into shutting that down. Theres going to be a massive congressional investigation of on-line gambling. Theyre going to shut it down. Thats right. When they get done with that, theyre going to look into this North Korea thing. But right now theyre going after the on-line gambling.Today is an historic day. Do you have any idea what today is? On this day in 1804 Vice President Aaron Burr shot Alexander Hamilton. A vice president shooting a guy. Luckily something like that couldnt happen today.This just in from hell. Ken Lay swindled al Zarqawi out of his pension.Top Ten Chapter Titles In George W. Bushs Memoirs:Why Mom And Dad Voted For KerryThe Best Memos Ive Never ReadThe War In Iraq, A 6-Foot Sandwich, And Other Things I Started But Couldnt FinishHow To Lose An Election And Still Become PresidentGood News, America ? Just 923 More Days1962-1964: The Cheerleader YearsHuh?Bubba Was Right ? Monica Is Up For AnythingChapter 20...Or Is That My Approval Rating?New York City is on high alert, and thats just from disgruntled doctors in townhouses. Boom!Did you hear about this, a doctor on the Upper East Side blew up his own townhouse? The good news is it scared all the terrorists out of town.Crime is on the rise in Washington, D.C. Its bad down there. As a matter of fact, congressmen are afraid to walk around with their bribe money.Down there in Washington, its so bad today Lincoln was found duct taped to his chair.You are asking yourself, wheres President Bush. Ill tell you where he is. Hes in Europe preparing for the G-8 summit. Hes very excited. He think its a conference on vegetable juice.New York is on a heightened state of alert. And they say that New Yorkers should be aware of suspicious activities. Be aware of suspicious activity. And Im thinking well, Hell that is our number one industry.Earlier here on CBS on Friday night is the Ghost Whisperer. How many folks watched the Ghost Whisperer? What the Ghost Whisperer does, she runs errands and does favors for people who are dead. And in tonights episode, she forwards Ken Lays mail to hell.President Bush is in Russia attending the Group of Eight conference. And it used to be the group of nine, but then they forced out Starr Jones.George Bush is now also worried about global warming. But he has a plan. Hes going to invade the sun.The FBI has busted three guys who stole secrets from Coca-Cola and were going to sell them to Pepsi. Yeah, espionage, three guys they steal secrets from Coke, sell them to Pepsi. I mean, bin Ladens still running around, but by God we got these guys!It was so hot down in Washington DC, Dick Cheney replaced his pacemaker with an icemaker.Its so hot today, ladies and gentlemen, George W. Bush told Al Gore to stop doing that s**t.Thats what President Bush said at the G8 summit. He was overheard using dirty language at the G-8 summit. Later he was ejected for head butting. Yeah. Hes gone.But President Bush is in Russia attending the G-8 summit. And he has an agenda. And a lot of people are stunned, he has an agenda?And he wants to talk about the hot spots in the world today. Thats on his agenda. He wants to talk about the fighting in the Middle East, makes sense. He wants to talk about missiles in North Korea. He wants to talk about Pirates of the Caribbean.It was so hot down in Washington DC, that Dick Cheney shot a hunting buddy with a super soaker.It was so hot today down in Washington DC, President Bush said, Maybe there is something to this global warming.President Bush is back from the G-8 summit over there in Russia. The G-8 summit went very well today. The world leaders announced they are still very close now to finding a replacement for Star Jones.Well, President Bush is back in Washington. Hes back from the big G-8 summit in Russia. President Bush said he got a lot of s**t done.Apparently the big G-8 summit was not that successful. Only one good thing came out of the G-8 summit. They issued a desperate plea to Superman.President Bush made a number of gaffes at the G-8 summit. One of them, he gave a neck rub to the chancellor of Germany. So you know what that means, hes drinking again.President Bush will be addressing the NAACP tomorrow. This will give him a chance to communicate his vision to the black community, or at least give them something to goof on.Top Ten Signs Theres Trouble At The New York Times:Pages 2 through 20 are corrections of previous edition.Every sentence begins, So, like.TV listings only for Zorro.Weather forecast reads, Look outside, dumbass!Multiple references to President Gore.Obituary includes list of people they wish were dead.Headlines fold over to create surprise Mad Magazine-type hidden message.Restaurant critic recently gave IHOP four stars.Reporting that Oprah isnt gay, but Letterman is.It was so hot in Washington, President Bush spoke to the NAACP just for the cool reception.But Bush addressed the NAACP. He spoke for ten minutes and then he gave back rubs.How about the North Korean dictator, that Kim Jong-Il, you know what this guy has done? You know what he has done now, he has banned family reunions, has banned family reunions. They are illegal now in North Korea. So maybe he is not so crazy after all.Barry Bonds got a birthday coming up. I wonder if he will be testing positive for cake?Earlier today, former President Bill Clinton campaigned for Senator Joe Lieberman. Clinton got the crowd so worked up that they had trouble sleeping through the Lieberman speech.Over the weekend congratulations Kim Jong-Il got married. North Korean dictator. Congratulations to his new bride Marcy Schneiderman-Il.Kim Jong-Ils honeymoon is going well, last night he successfully test fired a short range missile.Its so hot here in New York City, today the terror alert has been raised to gazpacho.Its so hot today, Hillary Clinton was at the beach in a one-piece pant suit.Congratulations to Kim Jong Il, got married over the weekend, recently married. Im sure he and Ellen Barkin will be very happy, so congratulations.Former President Bill Clinton is campaigning for Senator Joe Lieberman. This was great. They go to the function, and Clinton whips the crowd into a frenzy, whips the crowd into a frenzy, and then Lieberman comes out and whips them into a coma.Its so hot down in Washington, DC, George Bush was giving back rubs to Eskimos.This just in, ladies and gentlemen, Condoleezza Rice has been unable, unable to negotiate a cease-fire between Christie Brinkley and her husband.President Bush met with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Malaki, and he spent the first hour trying to pronounce Nouri al-Malaki.How about that Saddam Hussein? Im beginning to think the guy is whacky. He now says that if hes found guilty he would like to be shot. Sounds look a job for Cheney.Its day five, day five of Kim Jung-Ils marriage, the crazy North Korean dictator married. A couple of nights ago he tried to consummate his marriage, and his wife became physically ill.Hes been married for five days, and now he knows what its like to live in a dictatorship.Boy, its hot today, isnt it. So hot today, Floyd Landis tested positive for Snapple.It was so hot today, that North Korea launched a long-range popsicle.There is one of those new frightening, awful videos from al Qaeda, and, apparently, they think that its recent because in the video, they criticize America, they criticize Israel, and they criticize Christie Brinkleys husband.Saddam Hussein says now if hes found guilty he prefers to be shot rather than hanged. But here in the United States, there is a third option. You can move to Florida and play golf.Its so hot, President Bill Clinton went out and got a Slurpee, and then he went to 7-Eleven.You know what happened in Washington? President Bush hosted the American Idol finalists in the Oval Office. Well, sure, theres not really anything else going on. Whats the problem?And Bush is very, very busy. Tomorrow he meets with the Pirates of the Caribbean.But its fascinating, this Taylor Hicks, you know who Im talking about? Hes the big American Idol winner and he won by four million votes more than President Bush won his election. This is true. Coincidentally, so did Al Gore.Listen to this, Im at the airport yesterday, and something terribly embarrassing happened, they confiscated my tube of toupee glue.You could no longer bring liquids on airliners, and that means that pilots now have to finish their drinks in the airport bar.Good news from the White House, ladies and gentlemen. President Bush last week had his annual physical, and he passed. He passed his annual physical. No word yet on the mental.But President Bush is back from his vacation, and he looks relaxed. He looks happy he looks well rested. Thats right, hes drinking again.While President Bush was on vacation, this country was in the capable hands of his brother Raul.But according to reports, Fidel Castro is alert and being briefed, and Im thinking, geez, how do we get a president like that?Before we begin, ladies and gentlemen, if for any reason tonight during the show Im stricken ill, like if I collapse on stage or something goes wrong with me and I cant continue the show, dont worry because standing by to fill in is my brother, Raul Letterman.According to the survey Katie Couric has conducted, more Americans would like to see CBS news an hour in length, they would like to see it an hour long. Thats right. ... Yeah, they would like to see the CBS evening news extended to a full hour. Yeah, and Bnai Brith would also like to see Mel Gibson man of the year.This was stunning. In a recent poll, more Americans can name the Seven Dwarfs than can name the nine Supreme Court justices. Strangely, Justice Souter is on both lists.And not only that, but more Americans can name the Three Stooges than can name the three branches of government. Well, thats because the three stooges are more likely to get something done. Am I right?How you folks doing with the new travel regulations, airlines, you have to show up six and a half days in advance. You have to get on the plane naked. Not allowed to bring anything on the plane. You have to fly naked. You have to buy clothes when you land. Its awful.Everybody is affected by the travel rules. As a matter of fact, President Clinton went on a trip a couple of days ago and had to check his overnight bag. I believe her name was Rhonda.Boy George was in New York a couple of years ago and they arrest him because hes got something illegal, drugs or some kind of thing, and they sentence him to community service, so hes back in New York city right now, fulfilling his community service. And Im thinking, Weve got Boy George. Osama is still out there, but we got Boy George.NASA lost the original film of the moon landing. Did you hear about this? Neil Armstrong gets out of the bus and goes down to the moon.Whatever it was. NASA lost the original footage. And Im thinking, Well, you know, in their defense, theyre not exactly rocket scientists. Wait a minute, they...they are rocket scientists.Here is kind of a scary thing happened last couple of days. The guy has taken shots at the White House, and they arrest the guy, and it turns out hes a former NBA forward, Lenny Baxter. Former basketball player in Washington, just lighting up the White House, just shooting at the White House. Thank God they grabbed the guy, and the FBI originally thought he was with the Knicks because he missed every shot.Hey, good news. President Bush had his physical last week, and passed his physical. No word yet on the mental.The doctors say hes okay but he might want to go on a diet because his body mass index has jumped to 26. Body mass index, jumped to 26. On the bright side his body mass index now matches his approval rating.Top Ten Bill Clinton 60th Birthday Plans:Get cracking on second 2,000-page biography.Bust open a pi?ata full of Lipitor.It depends on what your definition of the word plans isThank Letterman for the $10 Radio Shack gift certificate.Pretending to be excited when Hillary wears one of here sexy pantsuits to bed.Going to Foxwoods with Kofi Annan to catch Regis and Susan Lucci.Hit on that cute AARP receptionist.Reminding Gore the cake is for everyone.In honor of 60, twenty-year-old triplets!How about this, those al Qaeda guys. Boy, are they tricky. You know what theyre doing now, theyre dressing their operatives as women. Thats right. Theyre all dressing as women, and I dont think there has been a terror-crazed fanatic in a skirt since...well, Star Jones.So Osama bin Laden in drag, 66 beard guy in skirt and heels, and we still cant find him. Thank you very much.A Federal judge in Detroit has ruled that Bushs wiretapping is unconstitutional. Unconstitutional. The good news is that JetBlue still doesnt need a warrant to confiscate your Snapple.Yesterday, President Bush was at the Harley Davidson factory, and he mounted a Harley. And I believe...I believe actually the last President to mount a hog was impeached.How many folks plan to travel Labor Day weekend? How many are going to be traveling on Labor Day weekend? Heres a word of advice -- you should be at the airport now!Samuel Jackson has a brand new movie. It opened earlier today. Its called Snakes on a Plane. Its about a commercial airplane flight, and theyre going from, like, Milwaukee to Cincinnati, and theres hundreds...hundreds and hundreds of deadly poisonous snakes on a plane. You know, that just doesnt seem that scary now.Pluto, Pluto has now lost its planet status, but says it will run as an independent.In Holland, zookeepers have started an Internet dating service for apes. Internet dating service for apes. And at first you think wow! Thats crazy. On the other hand, it worked for Maria Shriver.Top Ten Signs Osama Bin Laden Is In Love With You:Always gets the camel washed and waxed before he picks you up.Never forgets to release an Al-Jazeera video on your birthday.You say you enjoy Barry Manilow -- next day he sends you Barry Manilows ear.Orders 1 goat milk, 2 straws.Says only thing hotter than your body is his scorching hatred for the Zionists.Get a romantic greeting card that reads, You jihad me at Hello.He lets you call him Ossie.New intelligence reports put his whereabouts at Zales.He says every time he thinks of you, theres an uprising in his pants.Recent clashes in Afghanistan show that the Taliban may be getting back together. The only holdout is Mike Nesmith.But, Iran, on the other hand, is really stepping up its nuclear program, stepping up their nuclear program. Not only to do they have enriched uranium, they have low-carb uranium.Iran continuing their nuclear program. President Bush now says he does not care about that. He does not care about the nuclear program, as long as theyre not developing a nucular program.Apparently, Osama bin Laden, a former sex slave, a woman who worked for Osama bin Laden as a sex slave now has a book coming out. And in the book, she says that Osama bin Laden is in love with Whitney Houston. And its interesting. ... On the one hand, you have an out-of-control maniac. And on the other hand, theres Osama bin Laden.Tomorrow, astronomers will vote whether Pluto retains its planet status. The astronomers will vote whether or not to keep Pluto as a planet, and if Pluto loses, it will run as an independent.An elderly man is at an airport, getting on a plane, going someplace, and hes arrested, hes arrested now because this old guy is making jokes about having hand grenades, an old guy make jokes about having hand grenades. They arrest him at the airport. Nice going, Regis.A bunch of astronomers got together and they have downsized the solar system. All through school when you were kids didnt you think we had nine planets? No, as of today we have eight planets. Thats right. Yeah. They have voted Pluto out of the solar system. They have downsized the solar system from nine to eight. Its similar to what happened at the View.In Pennsylvania, they arrested the kid for meowing at his neighbor, arrested him for assault. Now wait a minute. Osama bin Laden is still loose but we got the meowing kid. There you go.A guy claiming to be Osama bin Laden, brandishing a blender, led police on a high-speed chase and then he was finally apprehended and arrested. So here is the deal. He taunts police with a blender. Then he jumps in his car and one of those high-speed chases. And Im thinking to myself, listen me, you have got to get some help, Mel.Saddam Hussein is wacky, isnt he? His second trial, second trial is under way. And this time of course he is charged with shooting his wife outside an Italian restaurant.Well, ladies and gentlemen, big news from Baghdad. Saddam Husseins second trial is under way, and I hope is goes as smoothly as the first trial.But this time, hes being tried with his buddy, Chemical Ali. Chemical Ali. And I was watching a little of it on television. It was nice to see Chemical Alis wife there in court, Chemical Betty.Earlier this week, President Bush had a press conference, and he has a new exit strategy for Iraq. Heres what it is: Its a good plan, hes going to leave office and let the next guy worry about it. Thats what hes going to do, adios, mission accomplished.On this date in 1915, there was a devastating hurricane in Galveston, Texas, terrible hurricane, 1915, horrible, horrible hurricane. It did over $50 million worth of damage, and that was in 1915. But dont worry, ladies and gentlemen. FEMA is on the way.How many of you folks watched the annual Emmy awards telecast last night on NBC? Well, dont worry, FEMA is on the way.And President Bush, you know where he is? Hes in New Orleans right now to mark the first anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Now if we could just get FEMA down there.Heres kind of a whacky story. President Bush is on television giving a speech -- did you hear about this -- and Kyra Phillips, an anchor woman from CNN, during the coverage of the speech, she gets up to go to the bathroom, shes wearing a mike phone. She leaves the microphone on. Everybody is outraged. And I said to myself, Wait a minute. Whats the big deal? She went to the restroom during a George Bush speech. My God, who hasnt done that?You folks excited about the big holiday weekend coming up? If you leave for the airport now, you should be through security by Labor Day.Earlier tonight, ladies and gentlemen, here at CBS was Bob Schieffers last night as the anchor of the CBS Evening News. Last night, yes. Tremendous man. Bob brought credibility and ratings to the news. So naturally they got rid of him.Did you hear about this well? First of all, Katie Couric, who was the host of the Today show, remember the Today Show with Katie Couric. And they fired Katie over there at NBC. And you know what it was, they caught her stealing that clear nail polish. They caught her stealing it, and so, CBS, you know, always interested in snapping up a bargain.So they bring Katie over here, she will be on the CBS Evening News. They doctored the photos to make her look 20 pounds lighter, 20 pounds thinner. And Im thinking well hell, if you can do that, why dont you take 20 pounds off that lousy Dr. Phil?Larry King told me he does this all the time.How was I supposed to know we had a reporter embedded in the bathroom?I honestly never knew this sort of thing was frowned upon.I couldnt resist a chance to win $10,000 on Americas Funniest Home Videos.I was set up by those bastards at Fox News.Like youve never gone to the bathroom and had it broadcast on national television.I just wanted that hunky Lou Dobbs to notice me.Okay, so I was drunk and I couldnt think straight.You have to admit, it made the speech a lot more interesting.How about this? Next week, Katie Couric begins as the anchor of the CBS Evening News. Katie is the first solo female anchor -- pretty good. Wait a minute, if you dont count the two years Tom Brokaw worked in a skirt and heels.Former Vice President Al Gore says he run again for president. ... Insiders say Gore wants to avenge his 2000 victory.Heres a crazy story. A guy flying a commercial airliner in the United States, gets up to go to the back to use the bathroom, the lavatory on the airplane and somehow while he is out he locks himself out of the cockpit. So now they are like 40,000 feet in the air and the guy cant get back into the cockpit. Thank God the plane was landed safely by a snake but if it hadnt have been for that...Anybody vote in the primary elections here in New York City today? I want to tell you, Im excited about the primary election. If there are two words that get me jazzed, they would be Elliot Spitzer.I was in the polling place today. Honest to God I see a guy stick his head out of the curtains. Hes holding a pair of pants and he says, Can I get these in a 46?A man in Germany broke the record for unhooking brassieres. Weve all been there, havent we? 56 in 60 seconds. ... The old record, I believe, was held by a former president. I dont know for sure.I dont know anything about fashion -- and from looking at you folks, neither do you -- but these fashion people -- and I believe they call them fashionistas. They can be very nasty. They can snotty. They can be downright bitchy. So I ran to a fashionista today. I said, Hi. Maybe you can help me out. Who do you call about getting a complete fashion makeover? And the guy said, FEMA.On this day in 1993, Israeli and Palestinian leaders met on the White House lawn and signed the peace accord. Glad they settled that.Condoleezza Rice is apparently dating a Canadian politician. Did you hear anything about this? Secretary of state Condoleezza Rice dating a Canadian politician. Its a proud day for Canada. Theyre the first nation to put a man on Condoleezza.Tuesday, we had the big primary here in New York, and Eliot Spitzer won in the Democratic primary for governor. Since then, Eliot Spitzer has been everywhere. In fact, last night, on CNN, I watched the Blitzer-Spitzer interview.John Gotti Jr., in prison, working on a childrens book. I believe it is entitled, The Little Engine That Went Into The Witness Protection Program.By the way, happy birthday to Fay Ray, wonderful actress, Fay Ray. She was, of course, in the movie King Kong. And she would have been 99 years old today, and she was famous because her love interest with a giant ape, and...no, wait a minute. Thats Marie Shriver. Thats a whole different...Over the weekend Pope Benedict apologized to the Muslims. Yeah. Altar boys on the other hand are still waiting for their apology.Tomorrow President Bush will be in town. Hes going to be at the UN, the United Nations, and he will try to rally support for his plan to reunite Bobby and Whitney.Congratulations to the New York Mets. They clinched the division last night. The first time in 18 years. They clinched the division. Everybody now, of course, you know, this is the way it works. Everybody has Mets fever. Hillary Clinton was wearing her blue and orange pants suit earlier today.You folks have any trouble with traffic today? Dont get me started on the traffic. Its because of the big opening of the UN, that General Assembly. You know whos here is the president of Iran, Ahmadinejad is here. Wait a minute. Are you laughing because thats his name or because I was able to get it out?So anyway, Ahmadinejad is here. Hes the president who can actually pronounce nuclear.Gridlock alert. I mean the city, it was incredible. This town today was just like Dick Cheney. You know what I mean? Every major artery was blocked.George Bush has been in town this week. He was over at the UN speaking at the General Assembly. Hes also stopping by here for ventriloquist week.Its exciting whenever President Bush is in town because for once, somebody in the city has lower approval ratings than me.Maybe the pressure of being the President is getting to George Bush. He addresses the UN General Assembly, and he tells them in this very impassioned speech he believes Iraq has spinach of mass destruction.The audience was skeptical at the UN. Halfway through the speech, Pluto got up and left.The Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad...is trying to win over the American people. Did you realize this? It is sort of a PR campaign. Earlier today, he was over at the UN, signing baseballs, Im sorry I enriched uranium.The space shuttle has landed safely. Landed safely this morning. Yeah. It was touch-and-go for a while it was stuck in midtown traffic for two hours.Its wacky dictator week this week at the UN. This Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, did you hear what he did at the general assembly? It was crazy, this guy was so out of control that he was invited to join the cast of The View.But Chavez is nuts, but he was a big hit. Honest to God, he starts off by calling George Bush devil and then he went right a run of yo mama jokes.And he calls Bush the devil, calls him the devil. Though it was unclear which one he was insulting.Big movie opening this weekend, Jackass 2. Jackass 2. President Bush and Dick Cheney are both going to see Jackass 2. Apparently thought it was a biography.No, theyre going to go looking for some new legal methods of torture.Did you get to see Jackass 2? Tremendous movie that opened over the weekend. Apparently, President Bush knew all about it but did nothing to stop it.You folks get a chance to see former President Bill Clinton on the Fox News show on Sunday? He got very up set. He went ballistic. He was loud, he was angry and confrontational. So Fox gave him a show.Governor Schwarzenegger says will no longer drive a Hummer. Hes giving it up for environmental reasons. And I was thinking about this. The last time a politician gave up hummers...Over the weekend, they said Osama bin Laden was dead, died of typhoid fever. No, hes not dead, so hold your applause. Hes not dead. But this is good. This gives George Bush another chance not to kill him.Have you been following the Saddam Hussein trial over there in Baghdad? That guy is a nut case. For the second day in a row he was tossed out of his own trial. Tossed out of his own trial. If he keeps this up he wont be allowed to attend his own execution.You know, if youre smart, youll get in the stock market. You know, its almost at a record high. Today was a very close to being record high. Folks have stocks? Good for you. I could kick myself. I dont have any stocks. I have all my money tied up in bagged spinach.Theres a feud between Hillary Clinton, Senator from New York, and Condoleezza Rice, Secretary of State. Well, Condoleezza Rice was saying things about Bill Clinton, and Hillary Clinton found out about it and was very upset and saying bad things back to Condoleezza -- I think this is actually what she said. I believe she said, Get your own man, ho.Top Ten Signs The Earth Is Too Damn Hot:Willie Nelson got caught with a kilo of Italian ices.Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is enriching Gatorade.Bobby Brown called Whitney Houston just to get the cold shoulder.I saw Rachel Ray making soup...in the East River.Britney Spears baby is driving a convertible.Katie Couric is doing the news in a tankini.Al Gore has a new movie: An Inconvenient Sweat Stain.Paris Hilton was seen canoodling with Ted Williams head.Jim McGreevey is having an affair with Ben & Jerry.How about that Florida Congressman Mark Foley. Whoa! I have to tell you something, at least the Democrats wait until the interns are 18.And now the Republicans my gosh, I mean, and they reacted quickly. Quickly they transferred Foley to a different parish, thats what they did.Have you heard anything about this new Bob Woodward book? In the new book, he said the Bush Administration is in a state of denial, yup. And today the Bush Administration denied it.Top Ten Surprises In Bob Woodwards New Book:Instead of pursuing al Qaeda, CIA agents originally pursued Al Pacino.Presidents military strategy based on reruns of F Troop.Bushs plan: To fix this mess by the end of his third term.Says both Bush and Clinton could have done more to prevent the new Kevin Costner film.Frequent use of the word Brangelina.The nude fold-out of Donald Rumsfeld.Iraq insurgency began when local affiliates started broadcasting Yes, Dear.Book chronicles Condoleezzas futile attempts to get laid.Bush lost focus on Iraq because Congressman Mark Foley wouldnt stop sending him inappropriate e-mails.Its an exciting night to be here. The entire balcony tonight is filled with creepy congressmen.What a day here in New York City. Was it tremendous? A beautiful day. Lovely. All up and down the East Coast it was a beautiful day, although Condoleezza Rice does not recall enjoying it.Beautiful day it was though. So nice a day that ex-Congressman Mark Foley was sending inappropriate emails to Al Roker.Have you been following that scandal in Washington with ex-Congressman Mark Foley? Well, you know, a couple of days ago he checked himself into rehab. Checked himself into rehab. Its gotten so bad he had to develop a drinking problem.But the ex-Congressman is nothing if not contrite. He says when gets out of rehab he wants to make a fresh start and turn over a new page, and I said to myself....thats what got him there in the first place.Heres interesting news from Baghdad. Authorities have imposed a nighttime curfew in Baghdad. ... This is a great idea, because if theres anything terrorists respect, its a curfew.CBS also has a brand new hit show. Its called Survivor: Congress. Last week, Mark Foley was voted off. Next week, Dennis Hastert is being voted off.Ex-congressman Foley now, is making steady progress dealing with the drinking problem hes had since Tuesday.Have you folks read the new Bob Woodward book State of Denial? Its a big, big book, 600 pages, a huge book. I believe that actually is a Mark Foley fantasy.House Speaker Dennis Hastert now knew about this Foley problem, the inappropriate e-mails, knew about the Foley problem three years ago and did nothing about it. Three years ago he knew about it and did nothing. Im telling you, Congress makes FEMA look like FedEx, you know what Im saying?You can tell it is fall in New York City. Hillary Clinton was wearing her flannel pant suit.Monday, by the way, is Columbus day and how many folks planning on going to the Columbus Day parade? That thats right, I like to go because you get to see all of the great New York City Italians -- Mike Bloomberg, Chuck Schumer, Eliot Spitzer.On this date in 1492, Christopher Columbus discovered America. And it turns out that the Republicans discovered it three years earlier but said nothing.This North Korean nuclear test, that gives me the willies. And President Bush says hes okay. He says the nuclear test is okay as long as they dont conduct a nucular test.The North Koreans are starting to gloat a little bit. The test was a big success and to celebrate Kim Jong-Il is wearing his hair in the shape of a mushroom cloud.The government is very pleased with the nuclear test; it went so well next they are going to try indoor plumbing.The FBI raided a call girl operation in Washington DC. Call girl operation in Washington DC. Well, finally a political scandal the entire family can enjoy.But the Washington DC call girl operation was allegedly patronized by politicians. Politicians using the services. Instead of cash, one girl got a new dam in her home state.Oh, my gosh, what a beautiful day. 73 degrees. 30% chance of North Korean fallout.Did you hear about the crazy maniac, that Kim Jong Il. If you think hes bad, what about his brother, Mental Lee Il?But President Bush seems to think we need more time to determine if the bomb any detonated was a nuclear strike. North Korea has now been condemned by 114 nations. 114 nations condemned their actions. Nothing like this has happened since I hosted the academy awards.Have you seen the guy? Have you seen this Kim Jong Il? I mean nice hair: I mean, what is he putting in his shampoo, viagra?You folks hear about the new scandal in Washington, DC? Police have broken up a call girl operation. And apparently it catered exclusively to politicians, politicians -- yup. And instead of cash, one girl actually got an interstate highway.Do you have the willies about the nuclear testing in North Korea? Listen to this, theres nuclear testing in North Korea, war in Iraq, earthquake in Japan, president Bush keeps saying, Where is Superman?President Bush says that North Korea will face repercussions. Thats what he said, President Bush said North Korea will face repercussions. You know hes serious when he takes the trouble to learn a new word.Earlier today, at a press conference, President Bush said that he will not attack North Korea. President Bush said he will not attack North Korea. Well, of course not. They actually have weapons of mass destruction.And I dont know if this is reassuring or not -- President Bush said he has no plans to attack North Dakota.We did get some good news today that -- that thing in North Korea, that thing in North Korea, that was not a nuclear test. No, no, no. Turns out they were just blasting out the foundation for the worlds largest nail salon.Experts are now saying North Korea may have enough material for six more bombs, six more bombs. And its the same fear they have about Jessica Simpson.Todays Friday the 13th. Were you aware of that? Todays Friday the 13th, ladies and gentlemen. Its interesting. Down in Washington, a confused George W. Bush lit a menorah.Well, this weekend is the annual cat show at Madison Square Garden. The cats are judged on poise, gait and bearing. Coincidentally, that is how Congressman Foley selects a page.So we have an update on Congressman Foley now. In addition to his fake drinking problem, he has now developed a fake gambling problem. So hell ? hell be gone for quite some time.But did you hear about this? The House Ethics Committee is going to look into Speaker Dennis Hastert. Theyre going to look into Speaker Dennis, the House Ethics Committee, in a big Mark Foley scandal. Wait a minute, theres a House Ethics Committee? No one told me about a House Ethics Committee. Why wasnt I notified?By the way, here is a sure sign that its fall. Earlier today North Korea detonated a pumpkin, true story.You know Kim Jong-Il, you know hes weird. North Korean dictator. And he comes from, like his father, do you remember his father, Mentally-Il.Here is what they say about Kim Jong-Il, they say he is narcissistic, say that he wears elevator shoes and he forces himself on actresses. No, wait a minute. I think that was Tom Cruise.Insiders are saying that Hillary Clinton has had millions and millions of dollars worth of plastic surgery. And they say shes so good looking that actually earlier -- earlier today that her husband hit on her, unbelievable.According to the Census Bureau, earlier this month the population of the United States hit 300 million. 300 million! And Al Gore is blaming it on global humping.They were talking to President Bush about what he likes to do in his spare time, and he said what he likes to do, he gets on the Internet and he Googles, and hes able to see satellite photos of his ranch. He likes to look at satellite pictures -- thats what he likes to do. I said, Great, how about looking for Osama bin Laden.Top 10 questions to ask yourself before voting for Arnold Schwarzenegger.Have I thoroughly considered Stallone, Van Damme, and Seagal?Is Come on, itll be funny a good reason to vote for someone?Has he done enough to make California a laughingstock?How can I be sure hell be just as Schwarzeneggy this time around?Can I bench press more today than I could three years ago?What would Predator do?Will he cut taxes on steroids?He wont embarrass us, will he?Have I lost my mind?Ive got a three-year-old son, the first time hes going to be trick or treating. I bought him what I thought was a great...I bought him a Shiite costume. It just goes to show you a father can do nothing right. He wants to go as a Sunni.Earlier today, President Bush in a press conference said he was concerned about Iraq. Said he was concerned about Iraq. He says the situation is so bad he may have to go on Oprah.Bush is getting rid of the phrase stay the course. That was his phrase for like the entire war. Stay the course. I was thinking, Maybe the phrase should have been find bin Laden.Stay the course. I miss the old days. Do you miss the old days? Man, when the phrase was stay under the desk. Thats the phrase that I miss.President Bush has authorized the building of a 700-mile fence 700-mile fence theyre going to build between the United States and Mexico, and he said, by the way, he knows where we can get some cheap labor to build it.Thats a pretty long fence, 700-mile fence, and Im thinking to myself, I just hope theres a way Haliburton could make some money off this deal, would be nice to throw some money their way for a change.How about that war in Iraq, isnt it crazy, the war. Its costing $4 billion a week, the war in Iraq. Slightly less than Paul McCartneys divorce.Heres some sad news from the world of popular music. Snoop Dog has been arrested for drug possession. Yup, he says hes going to plead it. Hes going to plead not gizzle.Over the weekend, Fidel Castro appeared on television to prove that hes not dead. That is what I try to do every night.Everybody was in the Halloween spirit. Earlier today, Hillary Clinton was wearing an orange and black pant suit.Its also, of course, Halloween down in Washington, DC, and a confused George W. Bush celebrating Halloween, lit a menorah.Here is an indication that things arent quite right in the world. A company is going to build a luxury hotel in the mountainous region of Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden used to have a hideout. Its a $10 million project. You are going to build a luxury resort hotel where Osama bin Laden is staying. How many times have you said to yourself if I could only vacation in a Taliban stronghold?How about this John Kerry controversy, ladies and gentlemen? Have you been following that? He is out there in California and he tells some kind of a joke and it backfires and he is walking around saying he botched a joke. He was trying to tell a joke about Bush. This guy can lose elections hes not even in.Now to his credit John Kerry was very, very upset about the joke and the he apologized. He is still very, very upset. All day long he has been walking around with a long face.John Kerry was trying to tell a joke, trying to be funny, and he botched the joke. Not as easy as it looks is it, John.If this guy was smart, right about now, John Kerry would be blaming it all on a drinking problem and entering rehab.But here is good news. Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney got full endorsement from President Bush. Thats like Curly and Larry getting a vote of confidence from Moe.You know what is election day, you folks ready to vote? Yup, its all over but the crooked vote counting now.Governor Schwarzenegger is so confident of being re-elected that hes groping women again.Happy birthday to First Lady Laura Bush, 60 years old on Saturday for Laura Bush. President Bush says that marrying Laura was the smartest decision he ever made. And yeah, I think that sounds about right.But Laura is 60 years old, and you know, honestly its nice to see a Bush whose numbers are going up.Well, tomorrow is election day. You folks getting ready to vote? The only thing that can stop Democrats now is a last minute joke from John Kerry.The Democrats are favored to win most races. As a matter of fact, the only Republican in Washington whose seat is safe is Lincoln.But there has been so much trouble in the years past with voting irregularities, they have a new electronic thing and all you really have to do is you just punch the screen for your candidate. You just punch the screen, which if you watch the show, people are used to.Over the weekend Saddam Hussein was sentenced to death. I dont know. Kind of hate to see him go.Saddam personally was disappointed with the verdict and, you know -- he thought he was going to be able to retire on his own, like Bob Barker.But he is sentenced to death. And how they are going to do it is, he is going to be forced to go hunting with Dick Cheney.Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Im Dave Letterman and Im back for another term.What a big day. Earlier today the democrats removed the duct tape from John Kerrys mouth. Hes back and ready to go.How about that race in Virginia. Still too close to call. Still too close to call in Virginia. Believe me, this is where the Republicans shine, the crooked recount.Donald Rumsfeld has resigned. The new secretary of defense is a guy named Robert Gates. ... But Rumsfeld took it pretty well. He said hes eager now to move on and try to legalize torture in the private sector.I have a lot of trouble when I vote. I had to vote on one of those new electronic voting machines. Anybody else vote on that? What you have to do is you have to touch the screen on the new electronic voting machine. I havent done that since the Paris Hilton video.We had an audience last night, and I hate talking about people when theyre not here, it was very quiet last night. It was quieter than dinner at Pastor Haggards house.Everybody still talking about the big election, and the experts are saying that Hillary Clintons Senate campaign, they spent more money than anybody else. And you know why? Well, Ill tell you why, those pantsuits are expensive. Pricey.There are more $2 bills in circulation now than at any time. I thought they were done, but, no $2 bills. Great for me, just in time to hand out the holiday bonuses. ... On the $2 bill is Thomas Jefferson, and on the $3 is Congressman Mark Foley.Rainy and gloomy today in New York City, wasnt it? It was so rainy and so gloomy earlier today President Bush accepted the resignation of Al Roker.A lot of changes after the elections last week. Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the House, out, Dennis Hastert is out. You know, he is going to be all right. Dont worry about Dennis Hastert. As a matter of fact, one year from now he will be on Oprah in a bikini.I was reading where six Arab states say they want to develop nuclear technology. Yeah, I would be worried about that, if it wasnt such a stable part of the world.Tomorrow, President Bush is leaving for Vietnam. I guess this time his father couldnt get him out of it.A professor in Idaho says that Big Foot really does exist. How about that? There actually is a Big Foot. Its true. The guy says powerfully built, big foot is powerfully built, he has ape-like features. He is married to Maria Shriver.The United Nations has found evidence of global warming. Uh-huh, yup. And right now, theyre working round the clock to do nothing about it.In 2008, Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City, may run for president. And hes going to -- if elected hell attack a no-nonsense approach to Iraq, and the first thing hes going to do over there is get rid of the squeegee guys.Yesterday, at the White House, President Bush met with Israeli Prime Minister Olmert, or as Bush calls him, Borat.Right now, President Bush is in Southeast Asia. Hes visiting Vietnam. His dad couldnt get him out of this one.But hes in Asia right now, and because of the metric system over there, his approval rating is actually 62.President Bush is traveling, ladies and gentlemen. Hes in Southeast Asia. Earlier today he arrived in Vietnam. Better late than never.Did you hear about this? A judge in Massachusetts has ruled that a burrito is not a sandwich. Which makes me wonder, have we found bin Laden yet?President Bush is traveling, ladies and gentlemen. Hes in Southeast Asia. Earlier today he arrived in Vietnam. Better late than never.Did you hear about this? A judge in Massachusetts has ruled that a burrito is not a sandwich. Which makes me wonder, have we found bin Laden yet?Oh, video game fans, do you like the video games? Whoa. Well, guess what, Sonys Playstation 3 came out today. Yep. Thats right. Finally some good news for George Bush.President Bush was out on a big trip in Southeast Asia, and he met with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. Or as Bush calls him, Sonny.Listen to this according to a recent survey, the United States is the most unfriendly country to foreign visitors. Yeah, thanks a lot Borat.Ive been thinking how I can describe the typical Letterman family Thanksgiving to you folks, and heres what it is ? its like the ? its like the Sunni triangle with pie.Every year, of course, they have, like, the national turkey, and then the big deal is that President Bush will come out on to the White House lawn and he will pardon the national turkey, and so we -- we went through this thing, and they -- and they pardon it, and then the national turkey was adopted by Madonna. Did you know that?But every year, President Bush gets to pardon one turkey, and this year it was Donald Rumsfeld.Beautiful day here in New York City. What a lovely, warm, very warm -- yeah. When its a nice day like this, are you like me? Bring on that global warming. Huh?President Bush is trying to raise $500 million for the Bush Presidential Library. Not just a library, it will also contain a think tank. Because when you think George W. Bush, you think thinking, am I right?Vice President Dick Cheney visited Saudi Arabia over the weekend. And hes very popular in Saudi Arabia. Over there hes known as Lawrence of Arrhythmia.Well, heres ? heres kind of a fascinating change of ideology. NBC has announced that they will now refer to the Iraqi war as a civil war. Theyre calling the conflict in Iraq a civil war. Thats NBC News. And President Bush responded. He says, No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Its not a civil war until it becomes a series of Time Life books.Heres great news for the holidays -- the Christmas tree was delivered to the White House yesterday. Thats nice. Just what we need at the White House: More dead wood.We had some trouble here last night with the audience. I hate to talk about people when theyre not here. What a rough, rough crowd. What a rough... As a matter of fact, last night CBS classified the show as a civil war. Horrible.Well anyway, the United States now, listen to this, has banned the sale of iPods to North Korea. And you thought President Bush didnt have a plan.An historical date today. On this date in 1947, the U.N. voted to create the state of Israel. Im glad they settled that. Things are going just fine.Well, John Kerry, poor John Kerry. They had a survey, they had a poll testing the likeability of Democratic candidates, and John Kerry in this poll, about likeability, finished dead last. Dead last. He -- and, you know; guys like this take this stuff seriously. I mean, he was very, very upset. Hes been walking around all day with a long face.This is the time of year everybodys getting ready for the holidays. Earlier today, Dick Cheney brought home a Christmas tree that he shot. So thats exciting.You know what the number one movie this weekend was? Apocalypto. ... Its a Mel Gibson movie and it chronicles the collapse of the Mayan civilization. And you know who Mel is blaming for that.But, oh, its a terribly violent motion picture. It shows bloody human sacrifices, and Donald Rumsfeld is calling it the feel-good movie of the year.And how about the new Iraq Study Group? They have released their 142-page report. And President Bush has not commented on it. He said, Im not going to comment on this until Ive completely ignored it.Hey, heres some good news. Dick Cheneys daughter, who happens to be a lesbian, is pregnant. ... I thought, well, you know, thats great. Good, congratulations, Dick Cheneys pregnant lesbian daughter, thats great. And it gives Dick another excuse to get out the shotgun. Thatll be good.How about that Heisman Trophy winner Troy Smith from Ohio State? You know, he was taking his Heisman Trophy home with him, and they wouldnt let him through airport security. Yeah, we cant get bin Laden, but we have the Heisman, by God!Dennis Kucinich has announced hes running for president in 2008 from Ohio. Some a related story, somewhere a tree fell in the forest.In a new poll, one in five Americans, believe that they cant trust President Bush. To put it another way, more Americans would be comfortable accepting a ride from Nicole Richie than trusting President Bush!You know, they had the Iraqi Commission Report and President Bush says he will now not make a decision about getting out of Iraq until 2007. He says he wants to give it some careful thought. Unlike getting us into Iraq.This is an anniversary. You know what happened on this day in 2003? We found Saddam Hussein. Remember that? And isnt it nice that since Saddam Hussein has been captured we havent had to worry about terrorism or nuts with nuclear weapons. Everything is so much better now.President Bush refuses now to rush any decision on Iraq. He said hes going to be listening to advice, hes going to weigh his alternatives, considering his options. He must be drinking againAs a matter of fact, earlier today down in Washington at the White House, President Bush hosted a malaria summit and at the end of the gathering he promised he would not invade Malaria.Im so glad you people are here tonight. You seem like a wonderful, nice friendly group and thank God and God bless you. Last night we had a horrible audience. Halfway through the show, the Baker Commission declared the situation grave and deteriorating, awful.First night of Hanukkah down in Washington D.C., a confused George W. Bush went hunting for colored eggs.You know, ladies and gentlemen, there is a new Rocky film opening. Listen to this, the President knew about it and failed to act in time. He knew about it, did nothing.Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for a segment. I dont think we have done this segment before on the program, and its called Dick Cheney: Drinking Again?. Take a look. Vice President Cheney: Don Rumsfeld is the finest Secretary of Defense this nation has ever had.How about this, ladies and gentlemen? President Bush admitted that we are not winning in Iraq. Sounds like Miss USA is not the only one who has sobered up.Speaking about Iraq earlier today, President Bush said that were not winning, were not losing. Kind of what Im doing right now.According to a recent survey, New Yorkers are living longer. Hard to believe, isnt it? Living to be 78 years old. Thats pretty good, dont you think? ... They say a kid born today in New York City, born in 2006, could actually live long enough to see us get out of Iraq.Top Ten Things Overheard Outside Saddam Husseins Execution:You know he left his entire estate to the Boys and Girls Club of New Jersey.Four dollars for a goat dog.I loved it when Chemical Ali sang Wind Beneath My Wings.Not what he had in mind.Lets start the wave.Is it too soon to start hitting on his wives?Ryan Seacrest did a nice job on the countdown.Uday and Qusay wanted to be here, but they were too busy rotting in hell.He dropped faster than Bushs poll numbers.Here in the United States, in New York City, they dropped -- they celebrate New Years by dropping the ball off the roof. In Iraq, they celebrate by dropping the dictator through the floor.So they executed Saddam Hussein. So I guess that means that whole Iraqi thing is over. We can all go home now.Did you hear about this? Saddam Hussein, you know they hanged the guy a week ago. ... But the people were taunting Saddam Hussein, just like seconds before its lights out. And, you know, when that happens on this show, we just go to a commercial.But do you know what his last words were? Did you -- have you read this? I dont know if its in the papers. It was on the Internet earlier. Seconds before Saddam Hussein was hanged, his last words were, They made another Rocky movie? Honest to God, those were his last words. Thats a true story.How about that Saddam Hussein? Hoo! You know what I mean? It just goes to show you, you start killing people by the hundreds of thousands, pretty soon its going to catch up with you.You folks excited about ? oh, I know were excited about football over here...the Jets are going to be in the playoffs. Its remarkable. Everybody in New York City has Jets fever. As a matter of fact, earlier today, Hillary Clinton was wearing her green-and-white pantsuit.Did you hear about this. The United States Army is lowering its standards for education ? lowering its standards for education and DUI arrests. Thats right. Theyre trying to recruit ? well, its the same way they filled the job of commander-in-chief.You see about this? Dick Cheney got a big pay raise. So Im now not the only screw-up whose overpaid, so thats good.How about this weather? Isnt the weather crazy, though? This is the warmest January in the history of records ? weather-keeping records ? weather, you know? Warmest January in the history of records. As a matter of fact, another chunk actually broke off Condoleezza Rice.Top Ten Features Of George Bushs New Iraq Plan: 10. Make the war best two-out-of-three.Blame it on that crazy New York gas leak.Convene blue-ribbon study group; ignore recommendations.Consult with Rumsfeld, whos now working as a casino greeter.Sit on ass until January 2009; let Hillary figure it out.Send Cheney to Baghdad with a shotgun.Tax cuts for the rich.Put Giants coach Tom Coughlin in charge of enemy, watch them collapse.Raise money for escalation by robbing Mick Jaggers apartment.Dig up Saddam and execute him again.Earlier tonight, ladies and gentlemen, there was a big policy address from President Bush about the war in Iraq, and President Bush revealed his new strategy for that war. So, ladies and gentlemen, time to dust off the old mission accomplished banner.Bush announced his plan for phased withdrawal of Rosie ODonnell from The View.You folks see President Bush on television last night? Yeah... Well, he took responsibility for the mistakes in Iraq and he also took responsibility for the collapse of the New York Giants.And people who watched the speech said that President Bush looked uncomfortable, and I was thinking, looked uncomfortable? Of course, hes in a library surrounded by books! By books! Of course hes going to look uncomfortable.But heres the solution. Its the big surge. Bush is going to send more troops to Iraq. Thats the solution. Going to send more troops to Iraq. And I was thinking, you think hed be doing this if he was still in the National Guard?Top Ten Surprises In President Bushs 60 Minutes Interview: 10. Interview was conducted in the Camp David hot tub.President refused to talk about anything except Jennifer Hudsons performance in Dreamgirls.Announced his candidacy for the 2008 presidential election.While walking through the woods, constantly ducking Cheney buckshot.Vowed in the future hell make much better mistakes.All the Heineken empties.Paused for a CIA briefing about likely Golden Globe winners.His Andy Rooney-esque rant about hard-to-open ketchup packets.Bushs tearful admission he bet entire United States budget on the Chargers.Just like Britney -- no underpants.Oh, my God, earlier today ladies and gentlemen, Saddam Husseins brother was executed. You remember Saddam Hussein, he has three brothers. There is Saddam, there is Barzan and little Joe is the third brother.By the way, while you folks were laughing at that last joke, President Bush admitted to five more mistakes.Did you see President Bush last night on 60 Minutes? Bush said we are in an ideological struggle with evildoers. Ideological struggle with evildoers. I think he is talking about the Democrats.Bush admitted to making mistakes in Iraq and said that he has learned from these mistakes and will do better in Iran. So -- I dont know.And in the interview President Bush said that popularity is not his goal. Popularity is not his goal. And I thought well, mission accomplished.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About Barack Obama: 10. As a child, was taunted with Obamas so fat jokes.After finishing Harvard law, served as Doug Llewelyns understudy on The Peoples Court.Follows Bushs weekly radio address DJ-ing the Barock and Roll Power Hour.Real last name: Obamawitz.At Senate hearings, throws on his iPod whenever John Kerry has the floor.Played Kenickie in the Senate production of Grease.Makes immigration speeches as hilarious, uninformed foreigner Borat Obama.Even Donald Trump cant think of anything nasty to say about him.Presides over Congressional Committee to lower Al Gores body fat.Only running for president to piss off Hillary.You folks see the Golden Globes show last night, the big awards show? ... You know who won was that Borat guy. Yeah, he was -- and then he got up to say a few words and he was the whacky foreigner with the accent saying unintelligible things and he... No, that was Arnold Schwarzenegger. Im sorry, I dont know what Im talking about.Well, President Bush is still out on the road trying to drum up support for his new Iraq program. Earlier today, he was on The View. He was drunk.But, you know, he does -- this time Bush has an exit strategy for the Iraqi war, has an exit strategy. In January of 2009, he will escape to Crawford, Texas, so hes ready to go. He will escape.Top Ten Signs Youre Obsessed With American Idol: 10. You berate your co-workers in British accent, but youre from Cincinnati.Named your three kids Paula, Simon and The Other One.Began attending fat camp in hopes of meeting Ruben.Your name is Gary and you end each phone conversation with Gary, out!You can name more contestants Paulas slept with than Paula can.Your babys first word? Dawg.No number four-- writer home watching American Idol.Your floor is littered with greasy sheets of plastic wrap (sorry, thats a sign youre obsessed with American cheese).Before sending letter to California you yell, Youre going to Hollywood!Watched the first episode instead of working on your new plan for Iraq.Ill tell you how cold it is here in New York. ... Its so cold, Fidel Castro is happy to have one foot in hell.Were getting ready for the State of the Union address. President Bush is going to be talking about global warming in his State of the Union address. Hes unveiling his new plan. I believe its called No Icecap Left Behind.I heard about this. I was surprised. President Bush has the answer to global warming. Hes going to mention it in the State of the Union speech. Hes going to send 20,000 troops to the sun.Top Ten Messages Left On Fidel Castros Answering Machine: 10. Yo, its Raul. Wheres the key to the humidor?Its Blockbuster. Please return Girls of The Revolution Gone Wild.Which fatigues do you want to be buried in, the olive green ones, or the slightly darker olive green ones?Its Kim Jong Il -- when youre gone, can I have your Playstation?Mel Gibson here. I think we both know whos responsible for this.Does this mean youre dropping out of Dancing With The Stars?Holy crap, El Ninos on Letterman.This is Paula Abdul. I just want to say, hey, wah the...like, when, wow, I heard... okay, later.Its Saddam Hussein. See you soon!Wow, congratulations on having Cubas only answering machine.It actually snowed in Malibu earlier today, in Malibu. Its a tough time to be living in Malibu now. You have to shovel a path to your burning house. Its awful.Finally, President Bush is going to do something about global warming. He became alarmed when another chunk of ice fell off his mother.But Bush has a plan to fight global warming. Hes going to reinstate Pluto.No, no, wait a minute. No, it was Saddam, it was Barzan, and the third one was Schemp.While you folks were applauding, three more Democrats announced they were running for president. A total now of eight people have announced that they want to be president. Eight people now want to be president. Its George Bushs fault. He has lowered the standard. Thats the problem.Dont kid yourself, ladies and gentlemen, politics is a dirty business and Hillary Clinton announced she is running for president. The Republicans are already busy digging up dirt and they found out that once, in her lifetime, she slept with Bill Clinton.Top Ten Surprises In George W. Bushs State Of The Union Address: 10. Wore a Hillary in 2008 T-shirt.Unveiled plan for botched invasion of Iran.Vowed to end Americas dependence on foreign films.20-minute presentation on why The O.C. shouldnt be canceled.More than once, he turned and kissed Nancy Pelosi on the mouth.When he said Times are tough. Thats why when I need a little pick-me-up I reach for a Snickers!Concluded policy proposal with a rousing Deal or No Deal?Announced intelligence reports suggest there is a veal shank under the pantsuit.For viewers who have HDTV, he was 17% Bushier.Showed up late explaining he was watching Idol.You know what happened earlier tonight, ladies and gentlemen, down in Washington, DC, the annual State of the Union Address. ... The annual State of the Union address. And oh, man, Bush received a subdued reception, you know, kind of like you gave me.But the speech, I saw it, it was so dull, behind President Bush, Nancy Pelosi and Dick Cheney were making out. Honest -- my hand to God, they were back there.The Academy Award nominations earlier today. You folks excited about the Academy ? Ill bet you are. ... How about that Al Gore movie? That received two nominations. And out of habit, Al demanded a recount.Top Ten Ways George W. Bush Can Boost His Popularity: 10. Hang Saddam again.Improve focus by removing Playstation 3 from Oval Office.Develop steamy Will they or wont they? relationship with Nancy Pelosi.Make people believe theres a waffle shortage; then when people see waffles in the supermarket, hell be a hero!Turn weekly radio address into wacky morning zoo.Redecorate Oval Office to look like the set of The View-- people love The View!Resign.Convene blue ribbon panel to find out what the hell is wrong with Paula Abdul.Nail a heavyset intern.Deploy 20,000 troops to put underpants on Britney Spears.How about that John Kerry? You know, last time around he ran for president. John Kerry has announced he will not be running for president in 2008. So that means the Democrats are just going to have to find another way to blow the election. Thats good.John Kerry not running. Now Im the only national figure botching jokes.Do you folks have Oscar fever? You know, the Al Gore documentary An Inconvenient Truth, do you know about that one? Nominated for two Academy Awards. One Academy Award was best song. Honest to God, its about the temperature of the Earth heating up and exploding. Its nominated for best song. I think they deserve an award just for being able to find something that rhymes with ethanol.By the way, Al Gore, speaking of Al Gore, today he confronted another inconvenient truth. Hes morbidly obese.How many folks saw the Bush State of the Union address last night? I can still hear the echoes of meaningless standing ovations, cant you? I wish I could get a standing ovation every time I said universal health care.But heres the breakdown on the speech last night. During the speech, President Bush said al Qaeda ten times, referred to al Qaeda ten times, mentioned Iraq 14 times, and this is kind of a surprise. He said mesquite 43 times. Isnt that odd?Bush then asked for support for our uniformed boys in harms way. And of course he was talking about congressional pages.Now this is kind of shocking. President Bush now has the lowest presidential approval rating since President Nixon. Now heres another coincidence. Nixon had a dog named Checkers. Bush plays checkers with his dog.This just in. The UN conference on global warming has been cancelled. Whoo! Its cold, Im telling you, cold here today.Its so cold President Bush sent 20,000 troops to Al Rokers house.Congratulations to the Indianapolis Colts and the city of Indianapolis, my hometown, and the state of Indiana. The Colts beat the Chicago Bears at the Super Bowl. I thought this was weird. After the game, a confused President Bush phoned the locker room and asked to speak to Janet Jackson. What is -- what does that mean?Top Ten Signs An Astronaut Is Trying To Kill You: 10. Says, This is a giant leap for mankind as she tosses you off a bridge.You turn on CNN and see the Hubble telescope focusing on your house.She promises to take you out like Pluto.It sounds crazy, but you could swear Mars is following you.Your were on the Maury episode: I Had A Booty Call And Now An Astronaut Is Trying To Kill Me.Her previous attempts to kill you have been postponed due to high winds.She poisons your Tang.She says she looks forward to being the first to walk on your lifeless corpse.Been getting threatening emails from connie@internationalspacestation.com.She keeps stabbing you with a pen that writes upside-down.Thank you very much! Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen. Are you applauding or just trying to keep your hands warm? Heres how cold it is today. Earlier today, President Bush said, See, I fixed global warming.Have you heard about this? This is pretty exciting. A big love triangle. You know what Im talking about? This woman astronaut was going to kidnap another woman because they were in love with the same guy, so this woman astronaut drives 900 miles wearing a wig and a diaper. I want to tell you, this is one giant step for man, one giant leap to the nut house.The astronaut drove 900 miles wearing a diaper so she wouldnt have to stop. And Im thinking, this is amazing. I mean, honest to God. What kind of car gets 900 miles to a tank of gas? Thats ? thats unbelievable.So she goes to the airport, and she was going to kidnap this other woman, but thank God the kidnapping attempt failed. And of course it failed. Lets face it, shes no rocket scientist.How about that story? You know what Im talking about? The NASA astronaut just goes kind of crazy and shes whacky and she was stalking a rival. And when they caught her, when they apprehended her, she was wearing a wig and an adult diaper. And theres a lot of confusion because originally authorities thought she was Elton John.Isnt it cold? So cold today, Saddam Hussein was glad to be in hell.Its so cold, that Iran is attempting to enrich hot cocoa.Its so cold they had to chisel that whacky astronaut out of her diaper.But this -- this cold weather is no laughing matter. I mean, its causing potholes. Were you aware of that, that the cold weather in New York City causes potholes? This city has more holes than a NASA screening process.I think everybody has Valentines Day fever. Hillary Clinton, for example, will be wearing her sexiest pantsuit.Well, its Valentines day and everybody is in a romantic mood. Dick Cheney, as a matter of fact, Vice President Dick Cheney, gave his wife a beautiful box of...Valentines Day candy in a pacemaker-shaped box.And now, of course, its cold again today. Its so cold that Hillary Clinton changed her pantsuit for a snowsuit.I -- I dont even know why I try. My Valentines dinner was very embarrassing. ... I dont know what happened, but I woke up in Orlando, Florida, wearing an adult diaper.Top Ten Ways George W. Bush is celebrating Presidents Day: 10. Took part in a great White House tradition by groping an intern.Same as every year ? watching Maury then going outside to hunt squirrels.Spent morning hiding eggs on White House lawn.Videotaped himself playing Stairway to Heaven on guitar, put it on YouTube.Nothing ? Air Force One is stuck on the runway behind a JetBlue plane.Planning his 2008 re-election campaign.Thinking of creative new ways to alienate America from the rest of the world.Dig up Saddam Hussein, hang him again.Getting loaded and shaving his head like Britney.Did somebody say Norbit?There is a program reminder, tomorrow night on CBS, Survivor JetBlue.But finally some good news for the JetBlue passengers, the gluten-free, kosher meals have arrived so now you can take off. Everythings fine.Well, its not that far away, the 2008 presidential race. And today Mitt Romney, Mitt Romney, Governor of Massachusetts -- and if hes elected the first president that this country has ever had named Mitt ? today, Mitt Romney was declared a safe alternative to Lunesta.And youre saying to yourselves, where is Vice President Dick Cheney? Ill tell you. Right now hes in Tokyo. Hes in Tokyo over there and hes taking part in a pep rally for United States troops. Because when you think Dick Cheney, you think pep!Now heres something ugly. In the year...2036, an asteroid is going to hit Earth. And its -- its a big one. Its like 460 miles wide or something like this and its coming right here. Now I wont be around to worry about it, you wont. But talk about pressures for President Bush, the question President Bush has been asking himself all day about this asteroid: Where is Superman?Oh, by God, how about this -- al Qaeda released seven new videotapes simultaneously. Oh, thats chilling, isnt it? Seven new videotapes simultaneously. And listen to this, you buy the whole collection, you get the blooper reel free. Thats... Thats the chilling part.How about that Dick Cheney? Hes at it again. You know the Vice President, Dick Cheney? Hes on a world tour. He was in Japan, and now hes in Australia, and not going well in Australia, by the way. No, no, no. He went nuts and hit a guy in the face with a boomerang.You folks excited about the 2008 presidential race? Theres some interesting potential match-ups. For example, Hillary Clinton-Rudy Giuliani. How about that for a match-up. Its an interesting choice. On the one hand, you have a pushy New Yorker with a history of marital problems, or you have a pushy New Yorker with a history of marital problems.How about that Barak Obama? And what I know about Barak Obama now is he smokes cigarettes. I didnt know that. Did you know that, before he started running? ... Its tough to quit. Its hard to quit. Anybody ever try to quit smoking? I mean, it can be done. Janet Reno gave up cigars. So I know you can...And Al Gore, how about Al Gore? That movie An Inconvenient Truth has been nominated for an Academy Award -- two as a matter of fact, two. And its all about the environment. And I cant think of anything better for the environment than an event which features 2,000 stretch limousines. Really, can you?Top Ten Signs You Have A Bad Stockbroker: 10. When stocks go up, his pants go down.Hes unavailable whenever General Hospital is on.Invested your entire portfolio in JetBlue.Instead of Wall Street, he works at Wal-Mart.He shaves his head and goes into rehab.Hot stock tips, no -- nude photos of Alan Greenspan, yes.Keeps using the word Ga-zillion.No number 3 -- writer depressed after losing everything in stock market.A few years back told Martha, Sure its legal.Claims he once had a three-way with Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch.How many of you folks were affected by the big stock market plunge yesterday? The stock market dropped 400 points yesterday. Big corporations were really, really affected by it. As a matter of fact, Taco Bell had to lay off 200 rats. And then they fired their cat.The market drops 400 points and today out of habit JetBlue apologized.And I feel pretty smug because I did not get hurt when the market plunged. And Ill tell you why. My accountant, bless his heart, has all my money in astronaut diapers.James Cameron thinks that he found the tomb of Jesus Christ. To me, thats very interesting. Who would have guessed that theyd find Jesus before bin Laden?Nice day today here in New York City, wasnt it? It was so warm here in New York City today, that the Wall Street brokers were jumping out of windows in shorts.Big news from the 2008 presidential campaign. Last night Senator John McCain right here on this program announced he was running for president. Thats right. And then -- and then today he shaved his head and checked into rehab.And tomorrow night here on the Late Show Al Gore will announce hes going on the South Beach diet.You know what today is? Today is the 74th anniversary of King Kong. Seventy four years ago today, it opened down the street, around the corner at Radio City Music Hall. And you know what it is. Its the story about a woman who becomes involved with a creature from another species. And that wouldnt happen again until Maria Shriver met Arnold Schwarzenegger.Heres why New York is great. The diversity in this town is unmatched anywhere in the universe. They now, for the first time in 200 years, guess whats back in New York City? In New York City -- beavers. Beavers back in New York City. And as soon as he heard about this, Bill Clinton started slapping on cologne.Yes, its incredible. Its an infestation of beavers. Its so bad, they were thinking about bringing in Dick Cheney.Oh, how about this. Celebrity birthday, Osama bin Laden, 50 years old. His friends took him out to the Tora Bora Hooters.Top Ten Things Overheard At Osama bin Ladens 50th Birthday Party:Death to these novelty candles that light again after you blow them out!Mullah Omars running late -- he forgot to change his clocks.To fool United States Special Forces, we had the bakery personalize the cake Happy Birthday Debbie.For hes a jolly good fellow, which the infidels will deny.I hope you dont already have season one of Whos The Boss? on DVD.Paris Hilton will attend anything.When does the stripper jump out of the falafel?No cake for Osama ? hes ballooned to 102 pounds.Saddam sent a congratulatory telegram from hell.How about that President Bush and the big Latin American tour. And hes in Mexico, arrived in Mexico earlier today. Hes down there looking for tequila of mass destruction, did you know that? Yes.Top Ten Things Other New York Times Allegations Against Al Gore: 10. In addition to An Inconvenient Truth, wrote Big Mommas House 2.Tells attractive ladies they can fight global warming by sleeping with him.Against CO2 emissions, yet he insists on exhaling carbon dioxide.Ordered his vice presidential limousine stocked with Yoo-Hoo and caramels.Al Gore, Al Qaeda? Not a coincidence.In his Senate desk, carved I like big girls.He killed beloved winemaker Ernest Gallo.Global warming is his excuse for not wearing underpants.Al is short for Alice.Real reason polar bears are endangered ? hes eating them.I dont know if you folks know this, no reason you should know it, no reason you should care, but over the weekend, Osama bin Laden had a birthday. Did you know that? The guys still out running around having birthday parties. It was a big weekend. They went to the Tora Bora Hooters. It was crazy.But in addition to his birthday, he had to turn his clocks forward to the 2nd century.Bin Laden is older now. I think hes 50 years old, and hes starting to get a little salt and pepper in his beard. He also has some mustard, ketchup and hummus.But heres something weird. Like we need more weird things. A Taliban commander was captured. He was disguised as a woman. Guy dressed up as a woman, a Taliban guy, dressed up as a woman and they caught him. And he faces up to 25 years in prison or a year on The View.President Bush, you know where President Bush is? Hes in Mexico. Its nice we have a President who still goes on spring break.Top Ten Signs Your Wife Is Having An Affair With Newt Gingrich: 10. When people say Newt Gingrich screwed the middle class, wife says, Damn straight.Comes home late from work smelling all newty.You find a love letter signed by the Newt-Ron Bomb.She starts buying black-market Vicodin for Rush Limbaugh.You find a congressional gavel floating in the hot tub.A strange voice on the answering machine asks your wife if she wants to Newt it up this weekend.During sex, she screams provisions from the 1994 Contract With America.Shes on the phone in the other room and all you can make out is Trent Lott and Threesome.No number 2 -- writer still stuck on grounded JetBlue flight.Theres a photo of them on Newt Gingrich Is Sleeping With Your Wife.com.Hey, you know what? Saturday is St. Patricks Day. Are you excited about that? Happy St. Patricks Day. Its one of those things where you dont think about it and you dont think about it. The next thing you know, everybody is caught up in St. Patricks Day. Heres exactly what Im talking about. Earlier today down in Washington D.C., Vice President Dick Cheney shot a leprechaun in the face. Honestly.And Scooter Libby, by the way, is already wearing a button that reads, Pardon me, Im Irish.Here is something else. March Madness. NCAA basketball. ... Heres how it works. You start with 65. And then that goes down to 64. Then its 32. And then its 16. No. Those are the presidential candidates.Hey, you folks are here on a good night. The entire balcony is filled with Federal prosecutors fired by Alberto Gonzales.This weekend is the fourth anniversary of the beginning of the Iraqi war. Were you aware of that? Fourth anniversary of the start of the war. Yes, a lot of protests, a lot of antiwar protests. The Bush Administration said they were surprised by the number of protests. I was thinking, you know what? Im not surprised they were surprised. That seems to make sense.Here is a creepy story. A guy flying on a flight, long flight, six hour flight, British Airways. He is flying along. Halfway through the flight, he discovers that the person in the seat next to him, dead. Long flight, six hours, person in the seat next to him, dead. I say, hey, count your blessings.Top Ten Things I Can Say Now That Im Miss USA. 3. I guess I shouldnt be surprised that the congratulatory presidential phone call came from Clinton, not Bush.Beautiful day in New York City, am I right about that? Whoo! So nice here. I tell you how nice it was. Hillary Clinton ? its spring, you know, -- Hillary Clinton switched over to her seersucker pantsuit.Beautiful day here in New York City, ladies and gentlemen. It was so warm today that Alberto Gonzales was firing attorneys in the park!You know, while you folks were applauding, Mr. Giuliani remembered another marriage. Honestly.Boy, it was so nice ? the weather was so nice today, Iran is holding Ben & Jerry.Are you excited about the circus being in New York City? ... The circus will be a little different this year. Several of the clowns are on loan from the Justice Department.Good evening, welcome to the show. My name is Dave Letterman. Im the ex-husband Mrs. Giuliani doesnt talk about.And Sunday, April Fools Day. So that means earlier today, a confused President Bush went around the White House hiding colored eggs. Laura? Laura?But President Bush has big April Fools Day plans. Hes going to call Alberto Gonzalez and tell him hes doing a heck of a job.And by God, how about this, celebrity birthday on Saturday, tomorrow, Al Gore, 59 years old, 59 years old. Going to have a cake, 59 candles ? 59? Well, hell, theres your global warming right there, for Gods sake -- 59 candles!By the way, ladies and gentlemen, while you were laughing at that last joke, Barack Obama raised another $25 million. Thats right.By the way, Barack Obama is a guest on the program tonight. Hell be on the show tonight. He -- he wants to make two major announcements. One, he is announcing his plans to end the war and two, he wants to announce his plan for canceling The View.And today down in Washington DC is the big annual Easter egg hunt they have on the White House lawn. And no surprise here, the $87 billion egg coloring contract went to Halliburton -- $87 billion! Thats right.And the kids are all running around hunting for the Easter eggs and periodically they pick up some of Cheneys shell casings.But it was -- it was great. I mean, the kids did a tremendous job. The kids found hundreds and hundreds of eggs. And Im thinking well, hell; lets let them look for bin Laden.Ladies and gentlemen, this just in, the NAACP reception for Don Imus has been canceled.By the way, do you like celebrity birthdays? Happy birthday to Cheetah, Cheetah, the original Tarzan chimp, 75 years old. ... Yeah, Cheetah lives quietly in California, peeling bananas with his feet and dragging his knuckles on the ground and ah -- no, wait a minute, thats the Governor.But have you seen the pictures, the videotape of Don Imus lately? Have you gotten a good look at the guy? If I were Don Imus, I wouldnt be saying anything about other peoples hair. Honest to God.Yes, its Friday the 13th and down in Washington DC, a confused President Bush lit a menorah.Now heres a guy, Mitt Romney, running for president. And historians are already considering the fact that if he becomes president, hell be the only one in history ever named Mitt.He was talking to the press a couple of weeks ago and he said that he likes to hunt, he goes out hunting all the time. Well, it turns hes only been hunting twice in his life. So hes not a lifelong hunter. And now the aides, his aides, are panicked. Theyre saying, Well, you got to, for Gods sake, will you go hunting and shoot somebody in the face?Top Ten Answers To The Question, How Rainy Is It?: 10. Its so rainy, people are going to Knicks game just to stay dry.Its so rainy, Rosie ODonnell was feuding with the National Weather Service.Its so rainy, I had to apply an extra coat of Scotchgard to my hairpiece.Its so rainy, Regis guest host today was the Gortons Fisherman.Its so rainy, JetBlue delayed all their flights through Labor Day.Its so rainy, Al Gore is planning a documentary on global wetness.Its so rainy, Tom Cruise is lecturing Matt Lauer on precipitation.Its so rainy, Donald Trump has been seen using Miss USA as a flotation device.Its so rainy, President Bush is talking about sending FEMA to New York in 2010.Its so rainy, youre stuck inside watching this lame Top Ten List.Boy, the weather was so bad that Al Sharpton called for the firing of Al Roker. Honestly, it was awful.Presidential hopeful John Edwards had a $400 Beverly Hills haircut. Thats a lot of dough. I mean, honest to God, ladies and gentlemen, this hairpiece didnt cost me $400.But heres the worst part. Earlier tonight, Edwards hosted a dinner to raise money for a facial.By the way, while you folks were applauding, John Edwards raised another $3 million for haircuts.John Edwards, of course, a candidate for president, is trying to show folks hes a hawk, so today declared war on split ends.But they say that this John Edwards gets expensive facials. He gets facials. What is the deal on the Democratic candidates? The male candidates get facials and the female candidates wear pantsuits, so what...is going on?Hey, I didnt realize this Sunday, were you aware of this, Earth Day -- are you aware that Sunday is Earth Day? So in honor of Earth Day, all of the jokes tonight have been recycled.How many of you folks remember Vice President Al Gore? Very close to being president but he got more votes than the guy who won.But anyway, Al, Al has gained weight, has gained quite a lot of weight. As a matter of fact, he is on a diet. He is actually on a diet. And it is not going well. As a matter of fact, the ice caps are disappearing faster than Als waistline, so hes in trouble there.But Al hired a personal trainer and the trainer said, Al, heres your problem. Its an inconvenient ass.Anybody have allergies. A lot of folks have allergies. Its the allergy season and it so bad here in New York City that the crack dealers now have started selling antihistamines.But the pollen is unusually bad this year. As a matter of fact, Al Gore is already...working on a documentary on global sneezing.Well, heres big news coming out of Washington D.C. President Bush is standing by Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez. Bush says Gonzalez is an honorable man and you know what that means. George is drinking again.Heres something exciting about New York City. Its a city of change, and listen to this; the mayor of New York City...Mayor Bloomberg. Hes announced he wants to plant a million trees in New York City. A million trees in New York City. Yes! Its...It wont be too long before you can walk down Eighth Avenue and reach up and pick an orange.Thats right. A million trees in New York City or as Donald Trump calls it; a blight on the landscape.News from Washington, DC, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales says despite criticism of his performance, he will not resign. He says in spite of the criticism, despite that, he will not resign. Ladies and gentlemen, its like I have a twin.Hillary Clinton -- are you excited about the 2008 presidential campaign? ... Hillary Clinton says if shes elected, she will name her husband, Bill Clinton, roving ambassador to the world. Former President Bill Clinton will be the roving ambassador to the world. Let me think about this. Bill Clinton traveling around the world without his wife...Um-- no, I cant see anything going wrong there.And by the way, maybe you didnt know this, but yesterday -- actually, today, President Bush is in town. Were you aware of the fact that George W. Bush was in town? He attended a big fund raiser on Park Avenue. Its part of his pet program No Cash Left Behind.Top Ten Reasons Rosie ODonnell Is Leaving The View: 10. Couldnt maintain rigorous one-hour-a-day work schedule.Its been awkward ever since she threw Joy Behar through a plate glass window.Gearing up for the Kucinich-ODonnell 2008 campaign.Fed up with Elisabeth Hasselbeck being sweet.Taking time off to be with her fianc? Donald Trump.She feels she can get more feuding done by working at home.No number four -- writer too despondent after hearing the news.Can make more money wrasslin gators in Florida.Tired of empty gin bottles in Barbara Walters office.Tested positive for steroids.Did you realize this? President Bush sneaked into town yesterday. Were you aware of that? Yeah. He --this is a dramatic and exciting. He landed his helicopter right in Central Park and security was very tight. He stepped out of the helicopter and Cheney covered him with his shotgun.But the good news is Bushs trip to New York City was successful. He got Rosie to step down.How about The View? Do you believe the turnover at that show? My God, it makes the Iraqi government look stable.How about that Rosie ODonnell, huh? She has left The View and is rumored to be hiding in the mountainous region of Afghanistan.You know what they had tonight was one of those presidential debates. Were talking about the campaign now for 2008, November of 2008. They already, earlier tonight, had a Democratic presidential debate. And the thing got off to a rocky start. It was late getting off. Heres the problem ? its guy at the door didnt recognize Dennis Kucinich.Anybody see the debate? It was really weird that John Edwards, after his rebuttal, he demanded two minutes for conditioner.Heres kind of a sad thing. Yesterday, down in Washington, D.C., was Malaria Awareness Day. And heres the sad part. Today, a confused President Bush sent 20,000 troops to Malaria.Today is Arbor Day. Down at the White House, a confused George W. Bush planted an Easter egg.Hey, celebrity birthday. Heres a celebrity birthday. Tomorrow, Saddam Hussein, 70 years old. Saddam Hussein would have been 70 years old tomorrow. And if youre looking for a gift, he could really use an air conditioner.Did you hear about the big sex scandal in Washington D.C.? Heres what was happening. The politicians apparently are visiting prostitutes. And, actually, one girl was paid with a new dam in her home state.But heres good news. The feds have arrested the madam who was in charge of the ring of prostitutes. No word yet on Osama, but they got the madam!How about this? Former CIA Director George Tenet has written a tell-all book. You folks aware of this? President Bush has not read the book yet. Well, boy, there is a surprise.But George Tenet is hot. And hes everywhere promoting the book. Last night, he was on 60 Minutes. ... This is fascinating and a little scary. Tenet believes there are still weapons of mass destruction on The View.Top Ten Signs Fidel Castro Is Fully Recovered: 10. Every morning, 45 minutes of torture, followed by 45 minutes of cardio.His coat is shiny and his nose is wet.Organized six guerillas to rob Mick Jaggers apartment.His 1959 Chrysler Imperial was spotted at IHOP.In NFL draft, was picked before Brady Quinn.Recently pimped out his MySpace.Returned to favorite hobbies of his youth like tennis and kidnapping.Tried to get on Late Show Impressionist Week 2 by doing Pacino in Scarface.Hes put on 30 pounds, hes wearing fatigues, hes spewing propaganda...no, thats Rosie ODonnell.Hasnt had a Cuban missile crisis in some time, if you know what I mean.Heres an important anniversary -- four years ago today, ladies and gentlemen, President Bush gave his Iraq victory speech in front of the mission accomplished banner. Well, Im glad thats all behind us. Lets get on to something else.Im telling you, if youre down there in Washington and if youre a politician and you work in the government, whoo, its like one scandal after another. You hear about the big Washington, D.C. madam. She was running a call girl operation, and a lot of congressmen and senators, they think, high-ranking politicians, were visiting the prostitutes. Its just crazy. One girl actually got paid with a new highway project.I dont know. I mean, think about it -- politicians having sex with prostitutes? Whats the matter, all of a sudden, congressional pages arent good enough?Were learning more and more about this Washington sex scandal. One politician -- this is a little sick, by the way -- he would go to the place and had two girls and he liked to be tied up and they would filibuster him.Top Ten Surprises In Ronald Reagans Personal Diary: 10. Sold arms to Iran, and hair dye to Mike Wallace.Warned a young Senator Gore to Go easy on the pastries.Never forgave Michael Jackson for stealing The Moonwalk.Contemplated resigning presidency to run off to Mexico with Valerie Bertinelli.Began each morning by taking a leak in the Rose Garden -- that doesnt seem right!In the early 80s he caught a severe case of Pac Man fever.Had many conversations with Robert Klein about how Letterman didnt deserve a show.In addition to Reaganomics, coined phrase Where my dawgs at?More than once, he tried to rub the spot off Gorbachevs head.During his first two years as President, he thought he was making a movie.You know theres a big scandal going on down in Washington DC, the big prostitution ring down there. Politicians were actually paying for sex. Listen to this. One girl got paid with a military base in her home state.But this ring of prostitutes, they apparently had a very elite group of clients, very important people. As a matter of fact, one girl was sent to the Lincoln Memorial to give Abe a lap dance.But politicians were paying hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars for sex. I thought, well, I guess thats better than spending that kind of money on a haircut.But I guess by now you know that President Bush vetoed the Iraq troop withdrawal bill. Yeah. He said...it would turn the country into a cauldron of chaos. And youd hate to see Iraq become unstable.How many of you saw the Republican presidential debate? Thats right. There are 10 Republicans who want to be President of the United States. Did you see them? They look like guys waiting to tee off at a restricted country club.Heres the kind of thing I cant get enough of -- there a brand new book out, Condoleezza Rice, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says she has a crush on President Bush. Well, sure, who doesnt?I dont know if you been this, but right now, Washington, D.C., our nations capital, is in the grips, in the throes of a big sex scandal, big prostitution ring sex scandal, high-powered politicians going to visit prostitutes. Were you aware of this? ... The call girl agency had a slogan down there in Washington, D.C. And the slogan was, We take care of you below the Beltway.Top Ten Surprises In Spider-Man 3: 8. Spider-Mans secret identity is leaked by Dick Cheney.How about this, the Queen of England is in the United States. Were you aware of that? And earlier today shes down at the White House. And George Bush, my gosh, I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. He gets confused and he went up to the Queen and he congratulated her on her Academy Award.But the last time the Queen of England was in the United States was 1991, 1991. And an awful lot has changed since 1991, the last time she was here...back then, President Bush was fighting a war in Iraq.How much you folks paying for gas? Huh? Get ready -- $4 a gallon. This summer it could be $4 a gallon. Thank you. Its all part of President Bushs No Oil Company Left Behind program.Are you excited about Queen Elizabeth being in the United States? And last night, at the White House, Queen Elizabeth was there and she met Barbara Bush, Queen Elizabeth and Barbara Bush. I think it was old bag night.Oh, what a beautiful day. Isnt it a lovely day today in New York City? Its a beautiful day, or as Al Gore calls it, the last gasp of a dying planet.And Paris Hiltons fans have contacted Governor Schwarzenegger to ask for a pardon for Paris Hilton. And the reason they want the Governor to pardon Paris Hilton is because she brings beauty and excitement to their lives. You know theres a precedent for this. Thats exactly why Ford pardoned Nixon.Vice President Dick Cheney is on his tour of the Mideast. Over there, hes very popular. Hes known as Lawrence of Arrhythmia.Did you hear about the guy who works at Circuit City that busted up a terrorist ring. Pretty good, huh? And Im thinking, no wonder I can never get a salesman to help me pick out an answering machine. Hes out chasing a Qaeda guys.This guys pretty good. Not only did he bust up the terror ring, he also sold them a bunch of crap they didnt need.Paris Hilton, its like our darkest nightmare, Paris Hilton is going to prison, ladies and gentlemen. But, on the other hand, President Bush says that its proof were winning the war against celebutants.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About Mitt Romney: 10. Name is short for Mitzi.In favor of tax cuts for hunky, white dudes.Starts each day by wrasslin a gator.Made his fortune by selling counterfeit Prada handbags.Won NRA endorsement by vowing to shoot twice as many old guys as Cheney.Once defeated Chuck Liddell for Ultimate Fighting Championship title.Is the model on packages of Jockey underpants.When he leaves politics, plans to spend golden years with his hair.Would be first Mitt in the White House since Mitt Quincy Adams.Besides Hillary, only candidate who wears a bra.New York City is hosting a four-day global warming summit. But you know, today was such a nice day, they cancelled it.This global warming is serious and at the summit they determined that we are in real trouble and our only hope is Spider-Man.Former President Bill Clinton was a speaker at the global warming summit. And he says that he has been very, very concerned about global warming. As a matter of fact, earlier this week, another chunk of ice fell off his wife.Im happy to report that Vice President Dick Cheney has returned to the Middle East and he certainly straightened that mess out. He...made a stop in Egypt on his way home. Apparently, Halliburton wants to rebuild the pyramids.They had another Republican candidate presidential debate last night. Did you see those guys? Did you see the Republican candidates? I mean, they looked like the evil law firm in a John Grisham movie.Apparently there are rumors coming out of Washington that Vice President Dick Cheney, when he was the CEO of Halliburton, he used to go visit prostitutes. This could explain why one girl was paid $2 billion.I mean, I was thinking about this. Cheney, I mean, going to a prostitute. I mean, I cant believe a good- looking guy like that would ever have to pay for sex. You know what Im saying?Ladies and gentlemen, heres news from Washington, DC. We now have a new war czar, a new war czar. Yes, he was appointed by President Bush, so what could go wrong?They killed the Talibans top commander. Did you hear about this in Afghanistan? Yeah, they killed him. But, you know, its going be nice for Saddam Hussein to have help shoveling coal into the furnace of hell.Shrek 3 opened earlier today. ... You know, the story of Shrek, though, is that hes a beastly ogre, hes a giant and he marries into a family of royalty, and then eventually goes on to become Governor of California.Welcome to the Late Show, or as Jimmy Carter calls it, the worst show in history.In a recent interview Jimmy Carter lashed out with unprecedented criticism of the current Administrations policies. But George W. Bush will not respond with his own criticism of the Carter Administration because he believes such attacks are inappropriate and also because he cant remember anything from the years 1977 to 1981.Top Ten Surprises In Al Gores New Book: 10. Dedicated to his soulmate Lindsay Lohan.52 chapters... to match his waist size.Chastises Bill Clinton for not sharing the hot intern action.After the 2000 election, shaved his head and checked into rehab.All proceeds go to Paris Hiltons legal defense fund.The threat that keeps him up at night? A massive Fritos shortage.In his opinion theres no species more endangered than the Yankees pitching staff.Besides the internet, also claims to have invented Keno.If Blake loses American Idol, plans to appeal to the Supreme Court.Brags that he has now written more books than President Bush has read.According to a new study, Viagra cures jet lag. Viagra cures jet lag. At least thats what Bill Clinton told Hillary when she found the pills in his luggage.This global warming is bad. Our oceans right now are at the same temperature as Yankee stadium beer.And Im dreading this, this weekend my whole family is coming up for the memorial day weekend. And my Uncle Earl is going to be here, do you have a guy like Uncle Earl? ... Last year, Uncle Earl, halfway through the picnic, took me aside and he said, he wanted me to help him buy 150 used FEMA trailers.Boy, how about that thing over the weekend, the authorities busted up that plot, they were going to blow up the pipeline to JFK. Here is the scary part. It turned out the guys doing it...were what they call homegrown terrorists. ... And who says President Bush hasnt created new jobs.But President Bush is off to Europe for the big...G8 summit. ... And...his approval rating is very low. Actually, right now, hes less popular than that tuberculosis guy.Top Ten Excuses Of The Tuberculosis Traveler: 10. Calm down ? most of the people I coughed on were foreigners.How was I supposed to know drug-resistant bacteria was a bad thing -- who am I, House?When the doctor told me I had TB, I assumed he meant terrific breath.Of course my judgment was impaired! I had tuberculosis, you moron!If people with a dangerous communicable disease are not allowed to travel among innocent civilians, the terrorists have won.No number 5 ? writer infected by tuberculosis traveler.Ha! Youve been tuberculosisd!Its just drug-resistant tuberculosis. What harm can it do?Surgical mask made me feel like Spider-Man.Hey, its still better than flying JetBlue. Am I right, people?Top Ten President Bush Global Warming Solutions: 10. Instead of Partly sunny, have weatherman say Partly cloudy.Stop using Air Force One for Texas barbecue runs.Replace dangerous CO2 in the atmosphere with more eco-friendly CO1.Encourage people to walk more by distributing free Dr. Scholl massaging gel inserts. Are you gellin?Watch Al Gore movie one of these nights instead of Dukes of Hazzard.Bob Barkers free. Get him workin on it.Send more troops to Iraq.I dunno, tax cuts for the rich?Reduce hot air emissions by cancelling The View.Resign.Dr. Kevorkian is still very much in the know and he understands the technology and instead of using the suicide machine, he switched to Chinese toothpaste.President Bush is visit Poland. Hes overseas visiting Poland, looking for kielbasa of mass destruction.And tomorrow, the President is visiting the Pope. That wont help.By the way, celebrity birthdays today, we got a couple of celebrity birthdays, Joan Rivers and Barbara Bush sharing a birthday today. ... Happy birthday to both of them. I believe its an official holiday now -- Old Bags Day.President Bush finished up his big European trip. He visited with the Pope. They discussed world events and then caught a matinee of Knocked Up.The Pope is quite a guy. He was talking to the President and he expressed concern over the terrible chaos and violence at The View.Vice President Dick Cheney is going into surgery. Hes having a new pacemaker installed. ... Doctors are confident that Cheney will be up and sneering in no time.Its all part of George Bushs No Pickpocket Left Behind program.And then, President Bush made a terrible mistake at the Vatican. Did you hear about this? President Bush referred to the Pope as sir, as opposed to His Holiness. I fire people for that.By the way, this just in. Al Qaeda is claiming credit for the vague ending of The Sopranos.By God, heres a guy, Dick Cheney, our Vice President, you know, Dick Cheney. Trigger. The poor guy has had like 19 heart attacks and has a pacemaker. He needs a new pacemaker, so right now hes being rushed to Cuba by Michael Moore.George Bush goes to Germany for the G8 summit, then coming home he goes to...Albania, where They took the watch right off his wrist. They say now that the suspect is armed and punctual.But its not a laughing matter. Dont kid yourself. Its an important watch. Its the one Cheney uses to hypnotize him.On Fathers Day, some lucky dad in Albania will be getting President Bushs watch. Did you hear about this? President Bush was visiting Albania, and somebody...stole his watch, just grabbed it -- and Bush is upset. He is really angry, and he says now he has no choice but to bomb Iran.But Bushs watch was stolen, and I was going through the files, and I believe he is the first president to be robbed since, uh... Well, Al Gore.Chemical Ali has been sentenced to death. I feel bad for his wife, Chemical Shirley.Top Ten Surprising Facts About Dick Cheney: 10. Every morning eats a case of Slim Jims.Shares three heart attack anniversaries with Larry King.Sent Paris cigarettes and nylons while she was in [prison].Went bald at age 12.In 1983, he accidentally shot himself in the nuts.Wrote pilot for ABC: Lets Torture Mick Jagger show.Is the only member of the Bush Administration to have seen Ford and Nixon naked.Banned from D.C. area IHOPs.Spends bulk of his time yelling at White House visitors to get off the lawn.Made half a dozen adult films under the name Chain Dickey.Hot here in New York City today. ... It was so hot Michael Moore went to Iceland for free health care.It was so hot today that Hillary Clinton went to the beach today in a one piece pantsuit.It was so hot today that Al Gore developed an inconvenient rash.Well, good news. Paris Hilton is finally out of prison. ... Now that Paris and Martha [Stewart] have both done time maybe we should start looking for bin Laden.Hot in New York City today. ... Its so hot Al Gore titled his next book, I Told You So.Its so hot Dick Cheney shot an old guy with a super soaker.Hot down in Washington. It was so hot down there, earlier today a chunk of ice fell off Dick Cheney.So hot, Scooter Libby wishes he was in the cooler.So hot today, President Bush pardoned Al Roker.So hot, Al Gores son was doing 100 miles an hour in a Mister Softee truck.You hear about this? Al Gores son was arrested speeding, doing 100 miles an hour, and Al has already made a movie about it. Its called An Inconvenient Son.And President Bush, you know where he is? Hes in New Orleans right now to mark the first anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Now if we could just get FEMA down there.Heres good news, ladies and gentlemen. Subway crime is down. So apparently the troop surge is working.In the new Harry Potter movie, Harry is prohibited from using his wand. ... I believe its the same deal Hillary has with Bill.Louisiana Senator David Vitter admits hes been visiting Washington area prostitutes. I thought about this. Wait a minute. A politician paying for a hooker? I didnt see that coming.But he said it did not cost the tax payers a cent. He pays for the hookers with his bribe money.Heres good news. Osama bin Ladens son Omar just got married. Lets see how he likes being terrorized.And you thought you had weird in-laws.If you want to send a couple of wedding gifts they have all the pipe bombs they need. What they really could use, theyd really like to have a fondue set.A beautiful day down in Washington, DC. That senator from Louisiana took a couple of hookers to the park.David Vitter, I think is his name, and he has admitted now he dates hookers in Washington, DC. And also in Louisiana, yeah. He said in his defense he always selected the girl who made the lowest bid. So hes fiscally prudent.President Bush was talking about Iraq today. And he said that the United States, Iraq has met eight out of 18 of the benchmarks required in Iraq. 8 out of 18. You know, if things dont improve, people are going to start thinking the wars not going well.And how about Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff. He says he had a gut feeling that there could be a new terror attack. Said he had a gut feeling. Coincidentally, Al Gore said he had a gut feeling that he needed more pie.Congratulations to Osama bin Ladens son Omar, a couple of days ago Omar got married, ladies and gentlemen, sure, yeah. Bin laden has three sons. He has Omar, Mohammed and Little Joe.The U.S. government is now offering $50 million...for the capture of Osama bin Laden. ... Are you like me, thinking, wow, do we really have that much left?Theres a new, one of those creepy Osama bin Laden videos. He released a new video. This is extra creepy. Have you seen this on CNN or some place? In this one, the new video, he is eating a cheeseburger off the floor.How many of you folks have seen the new Harry Potter movie? Oh, man. Its just tremendous, isnt it? In this version of the Harry Potter movie, Harry defeats the evil wizard with a secret potion from Barry Bonds.Are you aware of this fact? Tonight in Washington, D.C. Congress is working around the clock to try to solve the problem in Iraq. And I was thinking, well, geez, maybe they should have done that before we went in!Thats right. Congress is working all night and at least Senator Vitters wife will know where he is.Last night down in Washington they had the all-night Senate session. ... It was the D.C. Madams slowest night ever.But it was a pretty eventful session. Barack Obama dozed off for 15 minutes and raised another $10 million.And the Republicans were saying that if we pull out the troops now, in 120 days it would lead to chaos in Iraq. And Im thinking, Hell, chaos would be an improvement. Lets try that.Hillary Clinton was at the Senate all night. You know what that means? The coast was clear for Bill.You know who got married last week? Al Gores daughter. ... Al Gore is no fun at wedding receptions, you know. He keeps pointing out how fast the ice sculpture is melting.Hairspray opened today. In the movie, John Travolta plays a fat housewife named Edna Turnblatt. ... They put him in a fat suit and hes got like a wig on and they say he is very, very convincing as a fat woman. As a matter of fact, hes so convincing as a fat woman, earlier today he got a call from President Clinton.But the doctors found five polyps. And I was thinking well hell, maybe we should send these guys up and look for bin Laden.But everythings fine. Procedure went well. And after the operation on Bushs colon the doctors put his head back up his ass.Hillary Clinton -- and you can take this to the bank -- is sexier, and sexier, and sexier. Im not kidding. Earlier today down in Washington, D.C., she shows up on the floor of the Senate dressed in a see-through pantsuit.Well, over the weekend, President Bush had his annual physical, and he had one of those colonoscopies. Now he knows what it feels like to be invaded.Thank God hes okay. Although he was slightly injured trying to say the word colonoscopy.But it was a...successful procedure. They removed five polyps, and 10 Al Gore ballots.Isnt it a beautiful day outside? Give you an idea how nice it is here in New York City, earlier today that crooked referee was betting on games in the park.The NBA referee, he was fixing games. ... He resigned and theres going to be a criminal investigation. However, on the good side of this, since he already had the outfit, earlier today, he got a job at Foot Locker.Well, you know, Barry Bonds is only three home runs away from becoming the all-time home run king. And when it happens, I just hope he doesnt get a big head.President Bush is...having a bad week. Senate investigations, congressional hearings, a colonoscopy. Im telling you, its just one probe after another.Have you seen Hillary Clinton recently? Oh, man, talk about easy on the eyes. ... Shes so sexy now, the other day, by accident, Bill hit on her.Shes a bona fide babe now, Hillary. And shes telling friends she wants to be our Commander in Heat.Did you hear about this? Senator Hillary Clinton down there in Washington D.C. appeared on the Senate floor wearing a pink blazer and a skimpy top. Yeah, she looked so hot Senator Ted Kennedy sent over a drink.She looked so hot everyone thought she was Senator Vitters date.She looked so hot by mistake Bill hit on her.Top Ten Ways The World Would Be Different If Cookies Had Never Been Invented: 6. Al Gore would be able to see his feet.Over the weekend the Iraqi soccer team won the Asian Cup. Bud Selig was in the stands.Yeah, Iraq now has a championship team so we can go home, right?But what a thrilling contest. Anybody see the finals? It was won by Iraqi soccer star Younes Mahmoud. You ought to see his wife, Posh Mahmoud.Happy Birthday to Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger, 60 years old today. And to celebrate, natives on Skull Island tossed him a blonde.But...Arnold, like everybody, is getting old, and as a matter of fact, theyre making a new documentary about his life. Its entitled Pumping Fiber.Here is a sign your astronaut is flying drunk. Before liftoff, he runs a systems check on the blender.This is just going to be a huge scandal at NASA, astronauts flying drunk. Houston, we have a party. Oh my!Top Ten Top Ten Signs President Bush Needs A Vacation: 10. Ordered a full-scale invasion of Turks and Caicos.Staffers found him having a conversation with a coat rack.Asked CIA director to have Jason Bourne join hunt for Osama.Hasnt stopped sobbing since he was passed over for The Price is Right.Has only seen the new Harry Potter movie four times.Only seems half as Bushy as usual.Instead of signing bills, now licks em.So overworked hes pronouncing words correctly. Boo-ya!Hes been drinking like an astronaut.Hasnt given Laura the ol veto in months.Hot today, isnt it? ... It was so hot, Dick Cheneys doctors implanted a pacemaker and an icemaker.Are you talking about how sexy Hillary Clinton looks? ... Everybody is talking about it. Shes dressing so much sexier. And folks down in Washington in the Capitol building say they havent seen this much cleavage in the Senate since Ted Kennedy.Top Ten Signs Your Monkey Is A Genius: 6. Became one of them NASA monkeys so theyd get free booze.Top Ten Signs Your Monkey Is A Genius: 1. Got himself elected Governor of California.Hot today in...down in Washington D.C., so hot that Dick Cheney shot a hunting buddy with a super soaker.So hot today that Rupert Murdoch purchased Dairy Queen.The U.S. government is now offering $50 million capture...for the capture of Osama bin Laden. ... Are you like me, are you thinking, Wow, do we really have that much left?But to sweeten the deal, the money will be presented by Howie Mandel.Top Ten Top Good Things About Marrying Into The Bush Family: 10. Great deals on Fallujah honeymoon.Youll inherit President Bushs extensive collection of Chuck Norris memorabilia.Its a good bet the wedding reception will have an open bar.Might see Cheney shoot an old guy ? still a reference, ladies and gentlemen.Learning from Grandma Barbara how to spit chaw.Every Wednesday is Taco Night.What could be more fascinating than learning what makes Jeb tick?If half the family hates you, you still have a better approval rating than George.W can lend you the Mission Accomplished banner to put up in the bedroom.Little chance youll be the dumbest guy in the family.Here is some great news. One of the Presidents daughters, the lovely Jenna Bush, is getting married. How about that? Now if they can just marry off Condoleezza Rice.Yeah, it looks pretty good. Jenna is getting married. But first, the guy has to be confirmed by Congress.Its going to be an expensive wedding, and I guess this is no surprise. The $3 billion contract is going to Halliburton.You folks see the Democratic presidential debates over the weekend? Oh, man. This is a pain. Whoa! It was very intense! The loser of the debate was taken out back and drowned by Michael Vick, honest to God.How about this? Presidential advisor Karl Rove has resigned. ... Yeah. He says he wants to spend more time leaking information about his family.Well over the weekend, former president Bill Clinton turned 61. ... Bill enjoyed a romantic candlelight dinner and dancing. Then he went home to Hillary.Top Ten Top Signs Osama Bin Laden is Alive and Well: 10. FBI has indicted him for funding an illegal goatfighting operation.On recent Al Qaeda audiotape, he says some kind words about Merv Griffin.The new US Weekly has photos of him in a hot tub with Britney.The congratulatory phone call to Barry Bonds.Hes booked with Regis and Susan Lucci at Foxwoods Resort & Casino.His MySpace page was updated this morning.Starring in a new series about a bunch of misfits who try to rob Ayman Al-Zawahiri.Al Jazeera reports hes endorsing Mitt Romney for President.Afghanistan moviegoers report a 7-foot bearded guy laughing his nuts off at Superbad.Seen house hunting in L.A. with wife Posh Bin Laden.You know youve been following that story of Michael Vick. He pled guilty to dog fighting charges and he may do jail time. This is unbelievable. And they say that this guy went through more dogs than Bill Clinton.Did you hear about this? Last night, the Texas Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 30-3. ... Today the crooked NBA ref said, Hey, dont look at me.The Orioles were actually ahead 3-0, and then they made the mistake of putting up the Mission Accomplished banner.Listen to this, according to U.S. intelligence, they say Iraq Prime Minister Maliki is an ineffective leader that is...unable to work with his cabinet, lacks authority with the population, has poor communication skills -- no, wait a minute. Thats Bush. Im sorry, I completely -- forgive me.Top Ten Reasons Alberto Gonzales Resigned: 10. Felt he wasnt incompetent enough for the Bush Administration. 9. Secretly ordered himself to fire himself. 8. Was offered the John Travolta role in the touring production of Hairspray. 7. Trying his hand at failing miserably in the private sector. 6. Didnt want to be around for transition to the Kucinich Administration. 5. Instead of terrorism, trying to keep Lindsay and Paris off the streets. 4. Got a sweet new job at Kinkos. 3. Letterman has a guy making a sand sculpture of Biff Henderson. 2. Ran out of laws to circumvent. 1. Why not go out on top?Beautiful, beautiful day here in New York City. So nice today that Alberto Gonzalez was happy to be out of work.By the way, during that last joke another Bush Cabinet member resigned.Alberto Gonzalez is stepping down but he cant recall why.He will be replaced now by Drew Carey.Russian leader Vladimir Putin -- have seen this guy? He gets his picture taken a lot with his shirt off, you know. And we used to have a pantless president. They got a shirtless president.He was named sexiest commie alive, narrowly edging out Hugo Chavez and Kim Jong Il, and Kim Jong Ils brother, Menta Li Il.But people are stunned. The Russian president appearing in public without a shirt. And I was thinking well, heck, our president often appears in public without a brain.Theres another scandal in Washington. One of the senators from Idaho, Larry Craig, was arrested in an airport mens room. Gives new meaning to the word caucusing.But Senator Craig said he made a mistake by pleading guilty. And I was thinking, well, maybe that was your second mistake. The way I look at it, anybody who spends more than two minutes in an airport bathroom is guilty of something, for Gods sake.No. My idea of getting lucky in a mens room is when the motion sensor works on the faucet.Top Ten Signs Your Neighbor Is Hiding Osama Bin Laden: 10. Hes turned a backyard jungle gym into a Taliban training camp. 9. You call over there and someone answers, Death to America -- I mean yello. 8. Theres a large no infidels sign on the front porch. 7. In latest video, behind Osama is you mowing the lawn. 6. Neighborhood suddenly reeks of figs and sheep. 5. Just had delivered issue of Peoples 25 Sexiest Mullahs. 4. Got invited to summer block party ? this years theme: Sun, Fun and Jihad. 3. Mailbox now reads Rutherford/Bin Laden. 2. Car in the driveway has a hilarious Martyrdom or Bust bumper sticker. 1. Last Sunday, Kim Jong-Il dropped by for brunch.How about that poor Senator Craig from Idaho? ... Oh, man. He gets arrested in a mens room there at the airport in Minneapolis. Here is the deal now. He is in stage one of a political sex scandal, defiance. Stage two, stepping down to spend more time with his family. Stage three, Im gay and Im proud.Top Ten Things I Have Learned Working At The Late Show 9. All the Late Show merchandise is made with toxic lead paint.I guess youve heard the story about Senator Craig from Idaho. Well, now, several prominent Republicans are calling for him to resign, and a couple are asking for his phone number.Hey, hey, you know what happened today? Its our 14th anniversary here at CBS. Yeah. Thats right. Thank you. Fourteen years. Im just another dumb guy without an exit strategy.Top Ten Signs You Have a Bad Job: 9. Each day, you have to find new way of saying, 29% is a wonderful approval rating, Mr. President.Top Ten Signs You Have a Bad Job: 8. Youre in charge of licking Chinese toys to check for lead paint.Monday is Labor Day and this is the weekend that millions and millions of Americans are barbecuing, because the polar ice caps just arent melting fast enough!President Bush loves the Labor Day weekend. It gives him a chance to unwind and Im thinking gosh, when does this guy wind?Over the weekend, Senator Larry Craig from Iowa resigned from the Senate. He says he now would like to spend more time not being gay.How about that Chemical Ali? ... Listen to this. Today he was sentenced to death, Chemical Ali. Yup, yup, a bad actor that guy. Oh, yeah. Its going to be tough on his two sons, Chemical Zach and Chemical Ryan.Hey, how about that President Bush. Yesterday he made a surprise visit to Iraq. ... I dont know whether it was the jet lag or whether he was just confused, but he served the troops Thanksgiving dinner.President Bush was in Iraq for eight hours. Nice to see he has an exit strategy.How about that President Bush? He makes the surprise trip to Iraq. Pretty impressive, dont you think? Yeah. And spent a couple of quick hours visiting with the troops. Then he left. It was like his days in the National Guard.According to a new book, President Bush cries when he is alone, cries when he is alone, never admits to mistakes and refuses to hear bad news. Oh, no wait, thats me.Anybody see the Republican debate last night? You know a debate is dull when the most exciting guy there is Brit Hume.Side effects of the Republican debate include dizziness, nausea and sexual dysfunction.I heard something interesting today. After he leaves office, George W. Bush is going to start a think tank. A think tank. Its like Michael Vick opening an animal shelter.Yeah, the Bush, George Bush think tank. It only has a shallow end.You know what Sunday is? Always something big and exciting in New York City. Farm Aid Sunday here in New York City. ... Because when you think farms, you think New York City.Top Ten Britney Spears Excuses: 7. I was distraught after reading General Petraeuss Iraq report.Anybody see the MTV awards? And the Britney Spears things, did everybody see Britney Sears. Well, they said she appeared sluggish. They said she was glassy eyed. ... Although General Petraeus thought it went quite well.But critics and insiders are saying that bin Ladens new video is only a sad attempt to try to stay relevant. That is the same thing they are saying about me going on Oprah.Well, earlier today the big Iraq report. General Petraeus, he says that these troops can start coming home next summer. I believe his exact words were, And then its Hillarys mess.In the big game on Sunday the Patriots and the Jets, the New England patriots were secretly videotaping signals from the Jets sidelines? Maybe we should put these guys in charge of looking for bin Laden.The Chinese government has now agreed to ban the use of lead paint on toys. ... But now wait a minute. They will continue to use it on sweet and sour chicken. So be very careful.Hey, Happy Rosh Hashanah, ladies and gentlemen, the Jewish New Year. ... Today down in Washington, D.C., a confused President Bush carved a pumpkin.Earlier today, President Bush announced to the nation that he promised to have Lindsay Lohan out rehab by next summer. That will be good.Top Ten Signs Youre Not Going To Win An Emmy: 5. Hoping to get nominated for writing Osamas latest hate-fueled rant.You folks are here on a great week. It is Lunatic Dictator Week in New York City.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is here to visit the U.N. and also to recover some stolen sports memorabilia.And earlier today Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke at Columbia University. Oh my gosh, ladies and gentlemen, there hasnt been this many angry protesting students at a college since Ball State named a building after me.Top Ten Things Overheard During President Ahmadinejads Trip To New York City.I would like to meet Whoopi.For a blood-thirsty madman, he dressed pretty sharp.Lets go to Mahmoud on the car phone who wants to talk about Notre Dame Football.He looks more Ahmadinejad-I in person.Yes, Mahmoud, I got it-- In America you watch TV, In Iran TV watches you.Death to overpriced midtown parking garages.Instead of dealing in terror, maybe we should look into this sugar business.You call this Times Square? Wheres the porn?I thought I was a prick, but then I met Donald Trump.How about that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, ladies and gentlemen? What a guy this guy is, huh? According to this guy, he says there are no homosexuals in Iran. I guess that explains the pathetic state of their musical theater.But did you see Ahmadinejads speech at the U.N.? At one odd moment in the middle of the speech, he took a cell phone call from Mrs. Giuliani.But I would just like to say a couple of words about Ahmadinejad. How about short and ugly?Beautiful day. Am I right? ... It was so nice that the United Nations canceled its global warming conference and went to the beach.Earlier today, President Bush addressed the general assembly at the U.N., and he was coolly received by a skeptical audience. Oh, I get that every night. Big deal.California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was also at the U.N. summit. ... He did not speak. They just needed him to move a podium.You know, a couple of days ago at Columbia, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said there are no homosexuals in Iran. By the way, thats why in Iran its nearly impossible to get your dog groomed.President Bush has a new plan to stop Irans nuclear program. ... Hes going to have O.J. steal the plutonium.And while he was here, the president of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, he said there are no homosexuals in Iran. So what theyre going to do now, theyre going to develop one of their own.Yeah. No gays in Iran. That is why you have to go all the way to Turkey for a facial.Thats why you have to go to Jordan to look at drapes.Thats why you have to go to Kuwait to see figure skating.A company that makes ground beef over there in New Jersey recalled 300,000 pounds of ground beef. ... Here is what they are going to do. Theyre going to mix it with lead paint and turn it into Chinese food.Hey, heres good news. George W. Bush says that he is committed to fighting global warming. Yeah, well he nipped that in the bud, didnt he?Yeah, President Bush says hes really going to buckle down now and fight global warming. As a matter of fact, he announced he is sending 20,000 troops to the sun.Top Ten Ways George W. Bush Can Boost His Approval Rating.Release NSA wiretaps of Jessica Biels hot phone conversations.Tell everyone W stands for Whoa, this guys awesome!Help O.J. find the real memorabilia.Send 20,000 troops to stop Michael Jacksons wedding.Devote weekly radio address to discuss whats happening on The Hills.What do you mean boost? Everythings great!Co-star in a movie with a monkey.Go on television; say, You know what? I did lose in 2000; hand over the keys to Gore.Appoint blue ribbon commission to find out what happened to the Mets.The Yankees got into the playoffs on the wild card. By the way, thats also how we got President Bush.President Bush is now saying that theres a good chance well be bombing Iran, because he is convinced that they have nuclear weapons. Well, he would know. Hes been pretty good about that kind of thing.But this is good news. President Bush says hes going to take action now on global warming, because he became very alarmed when another chunk of ice broke off his mother.Hillary Clinton is a money-making machine. She is a fundraising juggernaut. She made $80 million this year, $30 million for advertising, $50 million for pantsuits.Top Ten Signs Hillary Clinton Is Getting Cocky.Canceled todays campaign appearances; went to see Good Luck, Chuck.Spent most of the last debate listening to her new iPod ? just a reminder, the new iPod Touch is now in stock at your local Apple store.Hired Faith Hill to beat up women whove hit on Bill.Assembled a Las Vegas crew to steal her football memorabilia.Calling Giuliani during speeches to say she loves him.Already issuing memos about putting White House toilet seats down. The ladies know what Im talking about here!Responds to difficult questions with Oh no you didnt!Greeted Obama yesterday by saying, Wanna be my bitch?Told Bill he can start dating again.How about that Hillary Clinton and her fundraising. Isnt it amazing? She is a fundraising machine. I mean honest to God, $80 million. Now, according to New York law, $12 million of that goes to Leona Helmsleys dog, but still.Here is how they break that down -- $30 million for advertising, $50 million for pantsuits.Beautiful day here in New York City. Isnt it lovely? So beautiful today President Bush said, Maybe I wont do anything about global warming.Hey, Happy Columbus Day, ladies and gentlemen. As you know, the day we honor President Columbus. ... Hillary Clinton says although she supported Columbus going into America, she didnt have any idea he would stay indefinitely.But they were celebrating Columbus Day down in Washington, D.C. and President Bush was apparently a little confused. Earlier today, he pardoned a lasagna.Top Ten Answers To The Question How Hot Is It?: 3. Its so hot, Al Gore says civilization will be destroyed in our lifetime.Top Ten Surprises In Yesterdays Republican Debate.Debate was held at Chi-Chis in Dearborn.The part where Giuliani slugged an audience member was odd.Mitt Romney proposed a big tax cut for guys named Mitt -- now thats crazy ? whos ever heard of such a thing like that?Candidates greeted each other with a long, passionate kiss.No number 5 ? writer seeing hilarious remake of The Heartbreak Kid, in theaters now.Tom Tancredo admitted even he doesnt know who the hell he is.Eddie Brill claimed the audience was one-third foreigners.Wayne Newton was voted off.Time limit enforced by Cheney with a shotgun.Anybody see the Republican debate last night? ... The whole thing was late. If you saw it, it was late getting started. They had to go through the bags under Fred Thompsons eyes.Now here is what I dont understand. Rudy Giuliani had three wives and hes not the Mormon candidate. Is that right?Top Ten Signs Theres A Ghost In The White House.Rattling chains and agonized screams make the place sound like Gitmo.Someones been reading the intelligence memos.Mysterious force keeps pulling Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthornes pants down.Bush looks scared even when hes not looking at poll numbers.Halliburton has offered a $3 billion contract to the Ghost Whisperer.Medical documentation proves Cheneys been dead since 96.Actually, with Bush on vacation, its like having a ghost in the White House ? am I right, America?Laura saw Saddam Hussein wearing underpants and eating Doritos.Mysterious banging and moaning noises in Oval office, but Bubba aint there.Top Ten Signs Youre Not Going To Win a Nobel Prize.Only thing you ever won was a rib eating contest.You spent 3 years trying to prove the formula: macaroni + cheese = delicious!The only A on your report card was when your teacher called you A moron.You graduated from Harvard, but its the Harvard in Mexico.When watching Jeopardy! you answer every question with, Who is Larry Hagman?Every time you see an airplane you scream, Run for your lives -- giant metal bird!Devoted your life to studying global cooling.Youre known for invading Iraq without an exit strategy.Youre on Letterman playing with a bunch of spring snakes.Its...Bill and Hillary Clintons 32nd wedding anniversary. Congratulations to the Clintons. And its kind of sweet, even after 32 years Bill planned a very romantic evening. Candlelight dinner, dancing, and then home to Hillary.Top Ten Messages Now On Al Gores Answering Machine.George W. Bush here. Congratulations on your Latin Grammy.Its Larry from Toyota. This global warming paranoia is great for business.Put on Letterman ? some idiot is going to jump over interns.This is Hillary. If you run for president, Ill snap your neck.Hi, its Jets coach, Eric Mangini. Can you play quarterback?Ann Coulter here. Any way we can blame global warming on the Jews?Im calling from the EPA. Turns out there is no global warming; youre just sweating because youre fat.This is Jimmy Carter. Want to use our medals to score some babes?Its Cheney. Watch your back, Jack.Congratulations to former Vice President Al Gore, who won the Nobel Peace Prize. How about that? And this should make up for not getting The Price Is Right job.Al has won an Academy Award. ... He has won an Emmy Award and now he has won the Nobel Prize. But what he really wants now is the Latin Grammy.He won the Nobel Prize for his work on global warming. And heres what he gets for the Nobel Prize. He gets one and a half million dollars and a brand-new Hummer.I hope the show goes well tonight. Last week, did you hear about this? Retired General Sanchez, he called this show a nightmare with no end in sight.Top Ten Questions President Bush Asked The Dalai Lama.Is there a peaceful way for me to bomb Iran back to the stone age?I got one for you -- why do we drive on a parkway and park on a driveway?Wheres Mrs. Lama?Are you that Japanese guy my dad threw up on?Is it true yoga is the new oil?What the hell is happening on Lost?Hows business in Dollywood?Have you ever met Dr. Phil?I know your cousin Barack OLama.Today the Dalai Lama visited the White House. He rang the doorbell and Bush answered and said, Let me get some candy.Bush spotted a bald guy in a robe and thought it was Cheney.China though is upset with Bush because he met with the Dalai Lama. I just hope they dont start putting lead paint in our toys.Are you folks excited about the upcoming election? You know, in one month it will only be a year away.Hillary Clinton so far for her campaign has raised $35 million. Whoa! Heres how they break that down -- $5 million for advertising, $30 million for pantsuits.She raised $35 million in three months. Thats the most money ever raised by a woman. If you dont count what Oprah has made since lunch, because thats a whole different deal.Yesterday Hillary Clinton was a guest on The View. ... Just when you thought that panel couldnt get any hotter.The Mayor is planting one million trees in New York City. ... Today the $3 billion tree contract went to Halliburton.Did you hear about this? Turns out that Dick Cheney and Obama are cousins. ... Strange, isnt it? In a related story, 20 years ago, turns out Rudy Giuliani was briefly married to himself.Yes, yes. Obama and Cheney are actually cousins, but Barack did not inherit the family sneer.Top Ten Reasons Joe Torre Quit. 4. Wants to go someplace more peaceful ? like Fallujah.Heres something odd that we heard about just a couple of days ago. Turns out that Barack Obama and Vice President Dick Cheney are cousins. Did you hear this? Honest to God, imagine how terrible it would be to find out that you are related to a cranky old guy. I mean, just ask my son.And now Lynne Cheney, Dick Cheneys wife, is getting all wound up. She says she would be uncomfortable with Hillary Clinton running the country. Lynne is uncomfortable with Hillary? And Bill said, Join the club.Hey, by the way, congratulations to Al Gore for winning the Nobel Peace Prize. I thought this was sad. Al had the Nobel Peace Prize Less than a week, and O.J. broke in and stole it.Listen to this. Aides told President Bush that he should congratulate the Red Sox. This...poor guy is so confused, he went to the top drawer of his dresser.Alex Rodriguez is not returning to the New York Yankees. The announcement was made at a fake FEMA press conference.FEMA faked a press conference and earlier today President Bush strongly condemned it at his own fake press conference.We thought this day would never come but guess what, ladies and gentlemen, hes at it again. Good for him. Vice President Dick Cheney is pheasant hunting again in upstate New York. The hunt went pretty well. Dick drove back to the hotel with a hunting buddy tied to his fender.You know, we made a lot of jokes about Dick Cheney and hunting and shooting his buddies in the face. But he...really is a great sportsman. I mean, before he shoots the pheasant, he makes it dig its own grave.Top Ten Things Overheard During Dick Cheneys Hunting Trip.The crisp air is giving me goose bumps -- no, wait, its another heart attack.My pacemaker also makes bird calls.This cant end well.I want that quail taken alive ? lets find out what the son of a bitch knows.Bush was supposed to come, but his father got him out of it.Condi, grab a shotgun and go get yourself a man.No number 3 -- writers making picket signs for upcoming strike.You shoot one old guy in the face, avoid talking to authorities, delay taking a blood-alcohol test and youre labeled a bad guy.Duck!Top Ten Least Popular Halloween Candies: 4. Al Gores Melted Sno-Caps.Anybody see the Democratic debate last night on television? Tough night for candidate Bill Richardson. During the entire debate the only question Tim Russert asked him was, And you are? And your name is?How about that Dennis Kucinich? During the debate he claimed he once saw a UFO. ... Not only that, he claims aliens introduced him to his hot wife.But Dennis Kucinich says he once saw a UFO, and Im thinking to myself, saw one? My God, he looks like hes been riding one.Top Ten Signs You Wont Win The New York City Marathon: 2. Made your own steroids out of Red Bull and Super Glue.Top Ten Demands Of The Striking Writers. (Editors Note: The list was read by 10 striking writers - including ones from Late Night With Conan OBrien, The Daily Show With Jon Stewart and The Colbert Report.)No rollbacks in health benefits, so I can treat the hypothermia I caught on the picket line.Full salary and benefits for my imaginary writing partner, Lester.Members of the AMPTP must explain what the hell AMPTP stands for.No disciplinary action taken against any writer caught having an inappropriate relationship with a copier.Id like a date with a woman.Hazard pay for breaking up fights on The View.Im no accountant, but instead of us getting 4 cents for a $20 DVD, how about we get $20 for a 4-cent DVD?I dont have a joke ? I just want to remind everyone that were on strike, so none of us are responsible for this lame list.Producers must immediately remove their heads from their asses.The Writers Guild strike does continue. ... Let me simply this for you. Heres what the writer want. Tell me if you dont think this is fair. They want a share of internet revenues and four more years of President Bush.Ladies and gentlemen, there are caucuses today in Iowa. Caucusing. Isnt that what got Bill Clinton impeached?And...Saturday is the Wyoming caucus for those that find the pace of Iowa just too hectic.Top Ten Signs Your Presidential Campaign Is In Trouble.Youre often described as John Kerry without Charisma.Many of your supporters have been hospitalized because you ordered your campaign buttons from China.Youve been running negative ads about yourself.Only endorsement youve received was from Burrito Afficionado magazine.When reporting caucus results, media refers to you as Other.Meet the Press appearance turns ugly when you put Tim Russert in a headlock.Budget director blew most of your campaign funds betting on the Knicks.Youve primarily been campaigning in Canada.You often ask, What would George W. Bush do?Boy, its warm outside again, isnt it, ladies and gentlemen? It was so warm today, Al Gore got another Nobel Prize.It was so warm today, I saw a writer fanning himself with his picket sign.Did you folks see the debates in New Hampshire over the weekend? Oh my God, dull. ... I mean, they were so dull that today, and it was official, I saw it in the paper, that New Hampshire changed its state slogan from Live Free or Die to Please Shoot Me.Because of the writers strike, they show reruns of the Reagan-Mondale election.Exit polling question: Did you have trouble finding the exit?Three candidates each received 50% of the votes.Top half of screen shows election coverage, bottom half is American Gladiators.Pundit says its looking unlikely Bush will be re-elected.Its 3 hours of Dog the Bounty Hunter yelling racial slurs.Correspondent spends most of the evening hitting on Kucinichs hot wife.Wolf Blitzer wanders on set screaming, Top story ? daddys drunk!Still havent projected winner from Iowa.John McCain is leading in New Hampshire. McCain really, really wants to be president. As a matter of fact, its number two on his bucket list.President George Bush is in Israel right now. But he...doesnt really fit there. He showed up today wearing, oh, I guess it was like a ten-gallon yarmulke.When you take George Bush out of his own environment, when you take him out of his own culture, like in Israel, for example, he makes mistake. And anybody would. Earlier today, he was speaking it a group of people in Jerusalem and he finished up by saying, Ich bin ein Jewish guy.But theres no getting around it. George Bush is confused. He thinks a Jewish settlement is Ellen Barkin taking $20 million from Ron Perelman.How about this? Hillary Clinton won the New Hampshire primary last night, huh? It was a surprising victory and today she is denying that she used human growth hormone.And political experts...or pundits are now saying that Hillary got a boost by showing flashes of actual emotion. You know, when she broke down and was teary eyed, and I was like, geez, I wonder if that could work for me?Top Ten Things Overheard on George W. Bushs Trip To The Middle East.Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, its me, the guy who rammed democracy down your throats.Is the war over yet?I know your names Mahmoud, but Im gonna call you Manny.Gas up Air Force One -- W. wants to go to Reno.Tell Cheney he doesnt have to call me every time he has a heart attack.I wonder if Jackoway hammered out that interim agreement with Hamas.Thats not a kitty, sir, its a Sphinx.Its nice to finally put a face to the devastation Ive created.My next stop -- the Middle West!President George W. Bush is in the Middle East. Hes over there right now because his approval rating is higher.Bush would like to settle the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hes so confident about doing this that he is already unfurling the Mission Accomplished banner.The Middle East is a dangerous part of the world. They have warring factions, bloodthirsty fanatics, hatreds that go back hundreds of years. ... Im telling you, its like the Hollywood writers strike.The price of milk has gone up 36%. Heres what happened. The cows have joined OPEC.Dont worry. President Bush is already on the problem. He is going to fight the high cost of milk. He is planning to invade Wisconsin.Scientists in Minnesota, in a test tube with some chemicals have created...a living, beating rat heart. Now, wait a minute. This is great news because rats will now no longer have to wait for a heart donor.Scientists...have created a living, beating rat heart. ... Finally, good news for Dick Cheney.By gosh, Mitt Romney won the primary in Michigan, which, as you know, now makes him a shoe-in to become president of Michigan.Were all very proud of Mitt. Hes the only presidential candidate to come from the Channel 2 News team.John McCain lost in Michigan and supporters are blaming it on his trip to Mexico with Jessica Simpson.We finally know the name of the woman who posed for the Mona Lisa. Yup. Her name is Lisa del Giocondo. By the way, her identity was leaked by Scooter Libby.Boy, I dont know if you folks have seen a show here on CBS called Without a Trace, which had an exciting episode earlier tonight. Investigators were searching for signs of the Giuliani campaign.Because its a long, horrifying process to run for the nomination and the presidency of the United States, candidates often like to have fun on the campaign trail. And a couple of days ago...Hillary Clinton, while she was flying on her campaign airplane, pretended to be a flight attendant. But that is not all. She was so convincing that Bill actually hit on her.Heres big news for TV viewers, American Idol is coming back. Fantastic show. Its a tremendous, honestly. In terms of entertainment, its just one step above karaoke. Honestly. You know the American Idol features a group of self-deluded pretenders and publicity seekers; its just like the presidential race. Thanks. Thank you so much.New York city mayor Bloomberg may run for president. Are you aware of that? Its on his bucket list.Pundits say that Mitt Romney may actually be too good-looking to be president. Well, thats what keeps me from running.Mitt Romney looks like he is the closer at a Cadillac dealership.Mitt Romney looks like that guy on the golf course in the Levitra commercial.Top Ten George W. Bush Ideas For Stimulating The Economy.Oprah gives everybody a new car.Turn Grand Canyon into a giant national Have a penny, leave a penny jar.Cheney threatens to shoot treasury secretary in the face.Plans to fix economy in third term.Replace Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke with briefcase babes from Deal or No Deal.Send elite team of economists to rob Mick Jaggers apartment.Ahhh -- somebody help...Cloverfield monster...Run for your lives!Maybe not spending a billion dollars a month in Iraq?Forget the economy -- why doesnt someone try stimulating Condoleezza?Are you folks worried about the economy? Stock market crumbling. Everybody is crazy about this. Dont worry. George W. Bush says hes got something in mind to give it a shot in the arm. If that doesnt work, Cheney is going to give it a shot in the face.Anybody see the presidential debate last night on CNN? Whoa! It was great. It was exciting. Sparks were flying. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama kept arguing, going at one another. ... Honest to God, John Edwards looked like the moderator on Family Feud.But during the argument between Obama and Clinton, security guards had to be brought in. You could hear Hillary screaming, Dont tase me, bro!And I dont know if you heard this or not but Fred Thompson has dropped out of the presidential race. Dont worry about Fred. He can always go back to his prestigious fake law firm.Mitt Romney looks like a weekend weather man, doesnt he?Mitt Romney looks like the neighbor who spends way too much on his lawn.How about the presidential race? Exciting, isnt it? And how about that Mitt Romney, huh? I mean, this guy looks like he should be selling fruit dehydrators on cable.Mitt Romney looks like the guy who tells you how to buy real estate with no money down.Mitt Romney looks like a cosmetic surgeon who gets ambushed on 60 Minutes.Mitt Romney looks like the photo that comes with the frame.By the way, if Mitt Romney is elected, he will be the first president ever sworn in on a copy of GQ.Osama bin Ladens son is now doing TV shows. He was on the Today show the other day. ... I mean, is that ? Im almost too embarrassed to be on my own show.But this guy goes out and hes now saying his dad is very sorry for attacking the United States. ... He says, Dad is very sorry about that whole attack thing. Well, thats good enough for me.But apparently, and its not hard to believe, this guy, Omar bin Laden, had a troubled childhood, a difficult past. When he was 17 -- and this is true, I looked it up -- when he was 17, he wrecked his dads camel. He wrecked his camel!Top Ten Barack Obama Campaign Promises (Read By Sen. Barack Obama).I will double your tax money at the craps table.Appoint Mitt Romney Secretary of Lookin Good.If you bring a gator to the White House, Ill wrassle it.Ill put Regis on the nickel.Ill rename the tenth month of the year Barack-tober.I wont let Apple release the new and improved iPod the day after you bought the previous model.Ill find money in the budget to buy Letterman a decent hairpiece.Pronounce the word nuclear, nuclear.Three words: Vice President Oprah.On TV highlight earlier tonight right here on CBS, the hit show Without a Trace. Every week they go looking for something that has disappeared. And earlier tonight investigators tried to locate the Giuliani campaign.I think you can tell that Rudy Giuliani is a little desperate because now he is saying that while he was Mayor, New York City was never attacked by a giant lizard.How about that Mitt Romney? Am I right about this guy? Yeah! I mean, he looks like the guy on TV selling life insurance, doesnt he?Mitt Romney looks like that guy on a Fathers Day ad for Norelco.Mitt Romney looks like a guy on cable urging you to tap your home equity.Mitt Romney looks like an American president in a Canadian movie.Mitt Romney looks like the medical expert in a Victoria Principal infomercial.Mitt Romney looks like the spokesman for Senior Lending Networks.Mitt Romney looks like the guy who promises accident victims hell get the money they deserve.Mitt Romney looks like the guy on the Just for Men bottle.Top Ten Rejected Titles For The George W. Bush Movie.The Lyin King.The Departed As Of January 20th, 2009.Stop Or My Vice President Will Shoot.Dial M For Moron.Das Boob.When Sally Met Cheneys Daughter.White Men Cant Govern.The Nightmare Before Hillary.Raging Bull****.You know Sylvester Stallone is Rambo again. Its the fourth Rambo movie and it opened this weekend. And it happens to everybody. Rambo is a little older now so he gets an AARP discount on ammo.You know what happened earlier tonight? It was the annual State of the Union address. ... By the way, this is President Bushs last State of the Union address. The next one will be given by co-presidents Bill and Hillary Clinton.It will be like Bill and Hillary will be the Presidents of the United States, and Im thinking this is going to be tremendous because it is going to be like Regis and Kelly.But you know, President Bush is standing there giving his State of the Union, and behind him you can see Dick Cheney and Nancy Pelosi sitting right there, looking like a married couple waiting for their divorce to be final.But during the State of the Union address, whoa, what a rowdy crowd. ... At one point Cheney had to fire a couple of shots in the air.You know what happened on Saturday? The Miss America Pageant, and the winner, Kirsten Haglund, is the prettiest thing to come out of Michigan since Mitt Romney.The Florida primaries were today. And to accommodate...the senior citizens voting, the polls are staying open late -- 5:00 p.m.And this is kind of sad, moments ago Al Gore demanded a recount.Last night was President Bushs last State of the Union address. ... And he said what he will miss most about the State of the Union address are the fake standing ovations.But the experts are saying that the State of the Union address was very...ambitious. President Bush said he plans to introduce dozens of bold new mispronunciations. So look for that.But during the speech, President Bush was optimistic and upbeat about Iraq and the economy. So apparently hes drinking again.Its a frightening proposition to be alive walking around this planet in 2008. Listen to this, a 20,000 pound satellite has burned out. Its out of its orbit, with no power. The thing is just junk. And its going to crash into us. Its already starting to plummet and soon it will explode and theres going to be a fire and the thing is just going to hit the -- oh, wait a minute. Sorry, Im thinking about the Giuliani campaign.How about this presidential race. Its getting crazier and crazier. ... Yesterday in Florida they had the primary. Rudy Giuliani came in third, so he dropped out of the presidential race. But dont worry about him. Hes already busy looking for wife number four. So hes got his hands full.How about this? John Edwards also dropped out the race today. He said he wants to spend more time with his haircut.Dont worry about Edwards. Hes going back to host Wheel of Fortune, so hell be fine.And the Florida retirees didnt go for that Mitt Romney, either. No, he reminded them...of a guy who tries to get a hold of their nest egg.Mitt Romney reminded Florida retirees of a guy who sells subdivision in the Everglades.Mitt Romney reminded Florida retirees of the guy who pitches overpriced cemetery plots.Mitt Romney reminded Florida retirees of the pharmacist who doesnt accept their prescription plan.But this is a time in the campaign where everybody is crazy about the endorsements, the big endorsements. Listen to this. Janet Reno...has endorsed Hillary Clinton. However, this endorsement is slightly tainted because, as you know, Janet Reno was mentioned in the Mitchell Report.Let me ask you something, ladies and gentlemen. Do you like celebrity birthdays? Who doesnt? Vice President Dick Cheney is 67 years old today, and friends got together and threw a big party for him. And then Cheney tortured the cake.Everyone at Cheneys party enjoyed playing Shoot the Tail Off the Donkey.But, you know, not only will Bush soon be out of a gig, Cheney will also be out of the office. Dont worry about him. After leaving office, he has it all lined up. He is going to be doing a one-man show right here on Broadway called The Angina Monologues.Top Ten Overheard At Dick Cheneys Birthday Party.Thats nice -- a card from Osama.He must be happy ? hes sneering from ear to ear.MMMMM! Chocolate cake with Lipitor frosting.Clear!Dick, you dont look a day over 93.Hey, his daughter is making out with Condoleezza.Instead of a pi?ata, were gonna beat a Gitmo inmate.How about a rousing chorus of For Hes a Miserable Old Prick!Duck!Anybody see the Republican debate last night? ... Nasty, nasty debate. At one point, Mitt Romney got so upset, so...agitated, so worked up, that his hair cracked.Mitt Romney doesnt look like a president. He looks like a ring master.Mitt looks like a guy wearing a golf shirt in an Eddie Bauer catalog.Mitt looks like the desk clerk in a Peninsula Hotel who tells you your rooms not ready.Mitt looks like a guy at a party who gives you his card.Mitt looks like a tennis pro at a restricted tennis club.Mitt looks like a JetBlue pilot who comes out to greet the passengers during the delay.And then earlier tonight, by gosh, at the Democratic debate, there was a tag team format. You had Hillary and Bill versus Obama and Oprah.And the Democratic debate took place in Hollywood. And Hillary arrived wearing a...sequined pantsuit.Speaking of Hollywood, this is exciting. Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger has endorsed John McCain. Uh-huh. ... Arnold made his announcement in primitive sign language from his cage.And then on Tuesday, Arnold will go into the voting booth and pull the lever with his feet.Happy Groundhog Day, ladies and gentlemen. Its funny. Earlier today in Washington DC, a confused President Bush pardoned a turkey.You know tomorrows Super Tuesday, are you aware of that fact? ... How about that Mitt Romney? Am I right about Mitt Romney? He looks like the guy that would approve your check at a supermarket.Mitt Romney looks like the piano player at an upscale department store.Mitt Romney looks like a guy who winks when he shakes your hand.Mitt Romney looks like a guy who is married to an over-the-hill actress.Mitt Romney looks like a guy who would brag about his cholesterol.Mitt Romney looks like the owner of the steakhouse who keeps interrupting dinner to find out how things are going.Top Ten Ways To Make Super Tuesday More Exciting.One lucky voter wins a romantic Bahamas getaway with Mitt Romney.Add a showcase showdown.Postpone it 24 hours so you can rename it Super Hump Day.Replace Mike Huckabee with his cousin Huck Mikeabee.Ballot-countin monkeys.Eat poopy.Halftime entertainment by Dennis Kucinich.Invite Sean Young to appear at victory speech.Put a Manning on the ballot.Hi, welcome to Late Show. Im Super Tuesdave.By the way, while you were applauding, Osama picked up six more Kennedys. ... That would be Obama, ladies and gentlemen.Well, Super Tuesday is all over now. Hillary can remove the duct tape from Bills mouth.Theyre saying Hillary may have a conflict of interest. Apparently, she owns a piece of a pantsuit company.But, by God, I wish that John McCain a great deal of luck. Im telling you, at my age, Im just happy to see a president whos older than I am, you know what I mean?How about that Mitt Romney, huh? This guy looks like a lawyer who advertises on the back of a bus.Mitt Romney looks like an American actor whos popular in Germany.Mitt Romney looks like a contractor youd have to sue.This Mitt Romney. My God. He looks like the neighbor with the neat garage, that Mitt Romney.You remember Mitt Romney from the 80s? He was Mr. Goodwrench, do you remember that?Top Ten Signs John McCain Is Getting Cocky.Spent the afternoon roughing up Romney supporters.Last night, he blew half campaign war chest playing internet poker.Already working on his 2012 re-election strategy.Plans to campaign for the next three days in Vodkachusetts.Recently told voter Keep that ugly ass baby away from me.Now refers to Mike Huckabee as Mike Suckabee.Has started yelling, Bingo! when he doesnt even have bingo (come on, folks, hes old!).Renamed his campaign bus the Bite Me Express.Went to Mexico with Jessica Simpson.Anybody go and vote in the big Super Tuesday elections? ... You ever have problems with the voting machines? I mean, there was a time I yanked on the lever and turned the whole damn thing over. So this time, I pulled the lever, and a Snickers bar comes out.John McCain got the black vote, while Mitt Romney got the well-tanned vote.But dont worry about Mitt. He can always go back to playing Dr. Miles Windgate on General Hospital.Mitt looks like the guy your mother points to and says, Why cant you be more like him?He looks like a former Tarzan, Mitt does.Mitt looks like a Tom Cruise handler.Mitt looks like a tour guide at the Nixon Library.Mitt looks like the guy that shows you around Total Fitness.Mitt looks like the honorary mayor of Sherman Oaks.A big day for Hillary Clinton, who won in Samoa. And coincidentally, thats where shes hiding Bill.But it was a tremendous victory for John McCain. They had a big victory party last night at McCain headquarters, where they celebrated...with champagne he picked up cheap from the Patriots.Wants to devote more time to rap persona P. Mitty.Polls show public doesnt want a president who looks like a casino greeter.Just couldnt compete with the Ron Paul juggernaut.Unveiling a new line of honey-roasted Romnuts.That bastard Zogby had it in for him.Apparently, America is not ready for a white male president.No number 3 -- writer suffering from Mitt withdrawal.There was that little problem of nobody voting for him.Lost all of his money betting on the Patriots.Did you hear that Mitt Romney has dropped out of the race? But do not worry about Mitt, because hes going to go back to playing Stuart Chandler on All My Children.But technically speaking, Mitt did not drop out of the campaign. He suspended his campaign. ... You know, the same way Elvis suspended his career.But if he suspends his campaign, Mitt gets to keep his delegates. And Im thinking, whoa, how would you like to be those five guys?Mitt looks like a guy who says he met Marge on eHarmony.Mitt looks like the guy that goes to the restroom when the check comes.Mitt looks like the guy who tries to sign you up for Herbal Life.Mitt looks like a Beverly Hills cop.Mitt looks like a golf commentator fired for an off-the-cuff remark.Mitt looks like a guy who forgot to remove his teeth whitening strip.Mitt looks like a guy on a barber shop photo.Its Fashion Week in New York City. ... And everybody in New York gets into Fashion Week. As a matter of fact, Hillary Clinton today was wearing her strapless pantsuit.I thought this was interesting. Rudy Giuliani is announcing his own line of clothing, which comes apart at the seams.How about that Mitt Romney? Do you like Mitt Romney? ... He looks like a doctor with a miracle cure for arthritis.Mitt Romney looks like one of those guys whose cologne you smell long after hes gone.Mitt Romney looks like a lawyer in a yellow pages ad, Im telling you.Mitt Romney looks like a guy who says, Everything I tried -- creams, lotions, ointments -- nothing worked.Mitt Romney looks like a guy who calls you Scooter.Mitt Romney looks like a guy on a cruise ship who teaches your wife how to cha-cha.How about that presidential campaign, huh? Mitt Romney now has suspended his campaign, but dont worry about Mitt. Hes already gone back to playing Ridge Forrester on The Bold and the Beautiful.I think Im going to miss Mitt Romney. He looked like the white hunter who ignores...Tarzans warning.It looks like now Hillary Clinton is trailing Barack Obama. And so, Hillarys campaign is dealing with a little bit of desperation now. And earlier today, she fired her campaign manager, as well as her pantsuit designer.Top Ten Things Abraham Lincoln Would Say If He Were Alive Today.Id like to emancipate Angelina Jolie.Sweet merciful Lord, these Applebees riblets are delicious.I hope the writers strike is over! I need my Desperate Housewives.The framers of the Constitution would care less about who injected what in their ass.Im here to unite our great nation over unbelievable deals on brand-name mattresses.Good heavens, McCain is still around?Whats with the freakishly short hats?Speaking of ancient dead guys, hows Letterman doing?Seriously, what the hell is happening on Lost?It was so...cold here in New York City that Al Gore wasnt answering his phone.Boy, talk about a black eye for baseball. You know whats happening today? Congressional investigations into Roger Clemens and the steroid use begin tomorrow. And its interesting, you know? We didnt get bin Laden but by God, were nailing this guy.But Roger Clemens is expected to testify that a size 48 neck is completely normal.Today...is the ninth anniversary of Bill Clintons acquittal on impeachment charges. ... I wonder how those crazy kids celebrated.And of course Mitt Romney dropped out of the race, and Im going to miss him. Romney looked like a close personal friend of the late Bob Crane.Romney looks like a guy who says to the bartender, If I wanted a glass of tonic, I would have ordered it.Romney looks like a guy you just met who uses your first name too much.Mitt Romney looks like a cavalry officer who has no intention of honoring the treaty with the Apaches.I like Mitt Romney and Im going to miss him because he looks like the archeologist who ignores the curse of the mummys tomb.Romney looks like the dull fianc?e Julia Roberts dumps for the co-star.Romney looks like the author of the book on seven keys to success.Romney looks like a guy extolling the virtues of buying a lap pool.Romney looks like Elizabeth Taylors husband.Romney looks like a guy who wears a wig and sneaks on to the lifeboat.You know whats going on down in Washington, D.C., ladies and gentlemen? Our tax dollars at work, Roger Clemens testifying before Congress about steroids use and human growth hormone and stuff. Clemens vehemently denied using steroids. At one point he got so angry that he snapped the Washington Monument in half like a twig.President Bush says if John McCain is the Republican nominee, he will campaign for him. Well, you cant do better than that.And how about Mitt Romney, you know, he resigned. He dropped out of the campaign. He put it on hold. He suspended his campaign that is the word, he suspended his campaign. A lot of you folks are worried about Mitt. Dont worry about Mitt. He has already gone back to playing Trevor St. John on One Life To Live. So Ill be fine.Romney looked like the guy who filled in for the Broadway star the night you have tickets.Out in California they found out that something was haywire with the beef, so they recalled, listen to this, 143 million pounds of tainted beef. ... That is one triple stack burger at Wendys.Over the weekend. Barack Obama and John Edwards got together and Edwards may endorse Obama, although his hair is still leaning toward Hillary.John McCain...seems reinvigorated, doesnt he? And he has a brand-new campaign slogan. Its Hell lead you into the 21st century. And I like it better than the old slogan, which was Hell lead you into assisted living.But I like John McCain. He looks like an old guy in a coffee shop who is still complaining about the designated hitter.McCain looks like the guy who asked the driver if he is on the right bus.McCain He looks like the guy who is always saying, What was that? Nothing? Thats what I thought.Top Ten Reasons Fidel Castro Is Retiring.Achieved his goal of getting Cubas unemployment rate under 83%.Wants to spend more time interrogating his family.Just got Season One of Gilmore Girls.Caught injecting human growth hormone into his wife, Debbie Castro.Too many tacos.He was adopted by Angelina Jolie -- honestly, how crazy would that be?Always promised himself hed quit torturing when it stopped being fun.Jane Fonda called him a blank.Forty-nine years at the same job? Who am I, Letterman?Well, heres some sad news coming from Havana, ladies and gentlemen. Fidel Castro has resigned. A lot of people thought it was because of his health, but Castro is actually resigning because he wants to spend more time with his beard.Castros retirement will not change the relationship Cuba has with the United States. Cubans still will not legally be allowed to enter the United States unless they have an overpowering fastball.Experts believe that now that he has resigned, Castro will either be succeeded by his brother, Raul, or by his idiot son, Fidel W. Castro.How about the primary in Wisconsin? Hillary Clinton is desperate to win in Wisconsin. As a matter of fact, today, she was campaigning wearing a cheese pantsuit.But I think the pressure is getting to the Clintons and the Clinton campaign. In Wisconsin, earlier today, Bill...got into a screaming match with a cow.How about this John McCain? Whoa! My gosh. Doesnt he look like the old guy at the barber shop?McCain looks kind of like a Wal-Mart greeter.McCain is the guy who is always early for the early bird special, thats what he looks like.McCain  he looks like a mall walker, ladies and gentlemen.McCain looks like the guy at the supermarket who is confused by the automatic doors.McCain looks like the uncle who pretends to remove his thumb.How about that Hillary Clinton campaign? You know, theyre...worried and a little bit nervous. Theyre campaigning in Texas today. To give you an idea how nervous Hillary is, she showed up in a pantsuit and chaps.And last week in Wisconsin, she showed up in a cheese pantsuit.Yeah, theres already trouble down there in Texas in the primary. Bill, of course, got into a shouting match with an oil well.But the United States military is thinking about shooting down Hillarys campaign before it falls to Earth and hurts somebody.How about that John McCain, though? ... He looks like the guy in front of you at the movies whose wife has to repeat everything, doesnt he, a little bit?McCain looks like the guy who has to always be told somethings on his chin.McCain looks like the guy who still has a rotary phone.McCain looks like the guy who backed over his own mailbox.McCain looks like the guy whose sweater is always mis-buttoned.McCain looks like the guy that always tells you hes 72 years young.McCain looks like the guy who brags oatmeal has lowered his cholesterol.McCain looks like the guy who should be co-hosting with Kelly Ripa.Did you read about John McCain? Well, according to The New York Times, John McCain may have had an inappropriate relationship with a young blonde. That sounds like presidential material to me!I like that John McCain. He looks like a guy who gets ticketed for mowing under the influence.McCain looks like a guy with a collection of movies he bought at the car wash.McCain looks like a guy on the beach with a metal detector.McCain looks like the guy who is still confused by the phone answering machine.McCain looks like the guy who calls his grandson when he screws up the remote.Big news, of course this week, President George Bush was in Africa, where hes wildly popular. That is like David Hasselhoff being popular in Germany. Nobody knows why.This just in, ladies and gentlemen. Barack Obama says he has a plan for getting us out of the Academy Awards.Top Ten Ralph Nader Campaign Promises.Give the presidency a rumpled, Walter Matthau quality.The freezing over of Hell should solve our global warming crisis.Get those people off that island in Lost.Send Gary Busey in to annoy and confuse our enemies.Can fill out a pantsuit better than Hillary.Will hover in polls between 1% and Statistically Insignificant.Force Starbucks to identify their sizes Small, Medium, and Large -- am I right people?Will not sleep with lobbyists, or for that matter anyone else.Get Bush re-elected like in 2000.Ralph Nader is running for president. Im like you. I think this really could be Ralphs year. I like Ralph Nader. He looks like a guy who comes into town once a year for supplies.Nader looks like a guy you would see sitting on his front porch watching for out-of-plate states.Ralph Nader looks like a postal worker who doesnt know whether to retire or start shooting.But seriously, how about that John McCain, huh? John McCain looks like a guy whose head you can barely see over the steering wheel.John McCain looks like the guy who thinks the nurses are stealing his stuff. Dad, why would they take your socks? It doesnt make sense.Earlier tonight, another big Democratic debate in Ohio. And the format for this one was a little different. Both candidates were sitting on dunk tanks.Hillary Clinton now is trailing Barack Obama, and shes very desperate. ... Shes starting to get desperate. Today, she accused Barack Obama of attending a party at Jose Cansecos house.Ralph Nader is running for president, and he is 74 years old today. So happy birthday to Ralph Nader! ... No, wait a minute; 74 is how many votes hell get. Im sorry.How about that Ralph Nader, ladies and gentlemen. He looks like the night manager of a creepy motel, doesnt he?Nader looks like a guy whose compound would be raided by ATF agents.How about that John McCain, huh? John McCain looks like the kind of guy who brags that his new denture adhesive allows him to eat corn on the cob.McCain looks like a guy who parks his RV overnight at Wal-Mart.But getting back to Ralph Nader. ... I mean, this guy looks like a guy out of UFO documentary.Nader looks like a guy at a gas station who gives you bad directions.What do you guys think about John McCain? How about John McCain? He...looks like a guy at a restaurant that says, Im leaving 10%. Thats good enough.McCain looks like the guy that goes to the curb for the paper and locks himself outside of the house.Ralph looks like a shady horse track doctor.John McCain, on the other hand, he looks like the guy that walks up to the mound to settle down a young pitcher.John McCain looks like the guy who picks up his TV remote when the phone rings.But if you want to know something, that Ralph Nader, whoa! Doesnt he look like the cranky guy at a hearing on the new traffic light?Nader looks like the guy who cant find his table after he goes to the salad bar.Hillary is down there campaigning in Texas. She is a little nervous, doing everything she can, pulling out all the stops in Texas today. She was campaigning in a raw hide pantsuit.And how about Ralph Nader, running for president? I like Ralph Nader. He looks like the doctor you go to and have the bullet removed.Ralph Nader looks like an accountant for a small town circus, really, when you think about it.And then of course you have John McCain. I like John McCain. He looks like the guy whose daughter takes him to the mall once a year for new Rockports.But you know, I was thinking about Ralph Nader. Now heres what Ralph Nader looks like. He looks like the guy that gets up every day early to check his traps.John McCain, on the other hand, he looks like the kind of guy who uses the word my a lot, you know? Like, Well, I get up and I have my coffee. Then I read my paper. Then I have my oatmeal. And then I take my nap.But no, Ralph Nader, have you seen him lately? He looks like the kind of a guy thatd be the night manager of a big box store.Ralph Nader looks like the guy thatd be forced to cut a diamond for the mob.But I like John McCain. Did I mention that? McCain looks like the kind of guy who goes to the post office and asks for the new Gerald Ford stamp.John McCain looks like the guy standing in the grocery store aisle comparing high fiber cereals.I think the world of John McCain. He looks like the kind of guy who still talks real loud on a long-distance phone call.McCain looks like the guy you are waiting for to stop gabbing with the teller, you know.McCain looks like a guy who sits at his dinner tray and watches The Beltway Boys.McCain looks like the guy whose wife forced him to go on a cruise.McCain looks like the guy you have to nudge when his name is called.McCain looks like a freelance crosswalk guard.Top Ten Eliot Spitzer Excuses.Hookers is fun.Just trying to help the economy.Have you ever been to Albany?Its part of my new MTV prank show Spitzd.Havent been myself since Roy Schieder died.Uh, tainted beef?Whether its a hooker or your wife, youre always paying for it -- you married fellas know what Im talking about.Wanted to be known as the Charlie Sheen of politics.I thought Bill Clinton legalized this years ago.The big news scandal here in New York City just breaking a couple of hours ago is that New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer was caught in one of those sting deals. They caught Spitzer...with a wire, recording him soliciting a prostitute. And Im thinking holy cow! We cant get bin Laden but by God, we got Spitzer. We got Spitzer!John McCain and his campaign received a serious setback a couple of days ago he was endorsed by President Bush.I like that John McCain. He looks like a guy who waits all day for the mail to come.McCain looks like a guy who is dating your mom.Top Ten Messages Left On Eliot Spitzers Answering Machine.Its Barack Obama. Remember our conversation about being my running mate? Never mind.Ralph Nader here. Glad to hear Im not the only politician who has to pay for it.Hi, Im calling from the New York Post. Would you rather be known as Disgraced Governor Perv or Humiliated Whore Fiend?This is John McCain. If it makes you feel any better, I once got caught having sex with Lincolns wife.Its Dr. Phil. Call me if you need any horse@#*@ advice.This is Senator Larry Craig. Do you ever go through the Minneapolis Airport?Its Wolf Blitzer. Call me if you ever want to have a hot Spitzer-Blitzer three-way.Paris Hilton here. I would have done it for free.Its Arnold Schwarzenegger. Thanks, Im no longer Americas creepiest governor.Its so sunny and bright outside that earlier today, Eliot Spitzer came out of a brothel squinting.I guess everybody knows about this by now. New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer caught with a high-priced call girl. Ladies and gentlemen, there but for a declined MasterCard go I.But, you know, Spitzer, now, listen to this. Spitzer was told about the evidence against him on Friday, and Im thinking, wow, somebody had a worse weekend than I did.Spitzer, a regular customer of the call girls, was known as client 9. It looks now like client 9 will soon be looking for wife number 2.You know, Im a half full kind of guy. I always try to positive spin on stuff. Sure, its a horrible story. On the other hand, Spitzer was supporting New Yorks number one industry.Top Ten Surprises During Eliot Spitzers Resignation.Opening line: Are you a cop?Spent a few awkward moments seductively stroking the microphone.Reaffirmed his policy of bros before hos.His decision not to wear pants.Admitted he also once made out with former Governor Pataki.Credited downfall to fast-paced lifestyle of Albany.He was kinda pitchy, dawg.Said he thought the Emperors Club was a Chinese restaurant.When reporters asked how much he paid per hour, his wife said, Believe me, he doesnt need an hour.I guess you heard the big news. Governor Eliot Spitzer, governor of New York, resigned today. Yup. He left his resignation on the night table with a $300 tip.He waited about the resignation and finally he had to. He couldnt get a pardon from Oprah, so hes gone.Of course, this is a big story, with a lot of polling. Listen to this. Four out of five New Yorkers wanted him to go. ... Myself and the writers, we, of course, wanted him to stay.But theres a...very somber mood here in New York City. ... As a matter of fact, even the hookers in Times Square were wearing the black armbands.But heres the deal. Now Spitzer will have to pay women to call him Governor.This is how politics works, you know. Eliot Spitzer was a Hillary Clinton superdelegate. Do you know what that means? Neither do I. But he was Hillary Clintons superdelegate, and also Spitzer was on Hillary Clintons...possible vice president list. ... Boy, she can pick em, cant she?Top Ten Least Popular Dr. Seuss Books.Osamas In Pajamas.How The Grinch Stole His Sports Memorabilia Back At Gunpoint.One State, Two State, Red State, Blue State.The Hump Known As Trump.If I Ran The Knicks.The Cat In The Hat That Fell In The Applebees Deep Fryer.Oh The Places You Wont Go Because Of Tougher Immigration Laws.Horton Hears A Who Via An Illegal Government Wiretap.Hop On Spitzer.How about that...Eliot Spitzer? ... He stepped down as governor of New York and he apologized yesterday. We dont know what he apologized for. I think...its probably steroids.The drinking water in New York City, have you heard about this? I mean, like we dont have enough problems; 15 different...prescription drugs, in our drinking water. You need a doctors prescription to turn on the faucet.One of the drugs in the drinking water here in New York City is an anti-anxiety drug. Well, you know, that makes perfect sense. Youve got to have that or we couldnt live here.Dont kid yourselves, ladies and gentlemen, things are bad. Weve got an unpopular war, we have high energy prices, and a slumping economy. I just hope...the President doesnt find out.What do you think of John McCain? I like John McCain. He looks like the guy at the bakery who doesnt hear his number called.McCain looks like the guy who likes to watch the plumber work.Hillary Clinton says she is the best one qualified to answer the phone at 3:00 a.m. ... And not only that, Hillary says that she will slide down a firemans pole into a paint suit. At 3:00 a.m.I feel bad when this kind of stuff happens but they were celebrating St. Patricks Day down in Washington and of course President Bush was so confused. He comes out on the White House lawn and pardons the corned beef.But how many of you folks go to the St. Patricks Day parade here in New York City. ... Well, a lot of Irish dignitaries at the parade. You had OConnor, you had OHare, you had Obama -- what?I dont know if you are aware of this, but tragedy at the St. Patricks Day parade. Mayor Bloomberg was marching in the parade, and he was hit...by a jumping stockbroker.But are you folks worried about the market? ... It dropped another 4,000 points or something today, but luckily for me, Im not in the stock market. Yeah. I have all of my money in a chain of Amy Winehouse hair salons.But President Bush is concerned about the economy. He admitted today that the economy is a little sluggish...right now. Yeah, in the same way Elvis is a little sluggish right now.A lot of American dignitaries visiting the Middle East. ... Senator McCain, running for president, visited Iraq. Of course, he remembers Iraq when it was known as Mesopotamia.Vice President Dick Cheney also paid a surprise visit to Iraq. And Cheney, is very popular in the middle east. I mean he flashes them that nice warm sneer, and they just...go crazy.And in that part of the world, Cheney is known as Lawrence of Arrhythmia.On Monday, right after being sworn in, the new governor...of New York, David Paterson, he announces that he cheated on his wife. Im thinking, this guy didnt waste any time, did he?And...not a minute too soon, theres a quiz that you can take to tell if your spouse is cheating. Question number one. Is your spouse a governor?But its gotten crazy. The only politician in New York City thats not having extramarital sex is Ulysses S. Grant.Vice President Dick Cheney. You know where he is right now? Hes in Baghdad. He visited there. While he was in Iraq, he said its a successful endeavor. At least I think thats what he said. It was hard to hear over the explosions.How about the economy? ... George Bush earlier today reassured the country about the economy. He said, Im on top of it, and I said to myself, Well, thats good enough for me.There was one bit of good news for the economy earlier today. At the last minute, a large investment bank was rescued when it was adopted by Angelina Jolie.Top Ten Reasons To Watch The New Season Of Battlestar Galactica. 1. Watch me lead us into war against the Cylons without an exit strategy. (Editors Note: The line was read in character by Edward James Olmos, who plays Commander William Adama on the show.)John McCain recently said he supports George Bushs Iraq policy. I said, Well, sure, slice me eight more years of that, will you? Lets go!I do like John McCain. He looks like a guy who thinks he is sheriff of the neighborhood, you know? Youre going to have to trim back those hedges.McCain looks like the guy who is a regular at the paint store.McCain looks like a guy who walks by the house with his arthritic dog.Are you folks excited about March Madness? You know, here is how it works. We go from 65 to 32 then to 16 and then to eight and -- well, know -- no, no, thats -- those are Hillary Clintons superdelegates.Top Ten Signs The Government Is Spying On You.While youre ordering pizza, mysterious voice on the phone tells you to forget the mushrooms.Theres been an ice cream truck parked outside your house for nine months.Your dog has an antenna.You came home early and found an agent dusting your wife for prints.Your cat has an antenna.After eating a falafel, your name was added to the Do Not Fly list.Drudge Report features exclusive news about your breakfast.CIA Director Hayden calls and says, Judging by these surveillance photos, you should get that thing on your ass looked at.During the State of the Union, President suggests you ask your doctor about Levitra.Two State Department employees were fired...because they were looking at Barack Obamas passport file. ... Not only that, but the same people were also looking at John McCains Civil War records.It was such a nice day in New York City that the new governor of the state of New York, Governor Paterson, was using drugs in the park.Heres news from Hollywood. You know Pamela Anderson? Well, she recently had her marriage annulled. The marriage lasted two months. I mean, she goes through husbands like New York goes through governors.I like John McCain. He looks like the guy who gets frisky with the new waitress at IHOP.McCain looks like the guy who watches his Cadillac go through the car wash.McCain looks like the guy in the supermarket yelling into his cell phone, Im in aisle 3, Marge! I cant find the brownie mix! I dont see it anywhere!Did you hear about this Hillary Clinton? Apparently now they caught her exaggerating about a trip to Bosnia a few years ago. Do you hear about this? Well, people, when they heard her explanation of the trip, became suspicious because she said when she got to Bosnia she had to have shrapnel removed from her pantsuit.Yesterday down in Washington DC, President Bush threw out the first pitch at the Nationals game. ... He...left in the seventh inning and I thought, Well, great, at least he has an exit strategy for that!I get a kick out of John McCain. He looks like the guy who cant remember if he took his pill.McCain looks like the guy who goes to bed after Andy Rooney.McCain looks like the guy who has his exhaust pipe tied to his rear bumper.You folks been following the presidential race. You know, Hillary now is behind in states, behind in delegates, behind in the popular vote, and also...behind in the polls. And today, she said to Obama, Are you ready to throw in the towel?And they make a big deal out of everything. She was talking about visiting Bosnia years ago, and they had to crawl to the airport under sniper fire. And then they dig out the footage and everything was Hey, how ya doin? Nice ta see ya. Well, she says the reason she said that was because of sleep deprivation. ... So Im thinking, well, shell be great on those 3 a.m. phone calls, wont she?But dont kid yourself, this campaigning for president is rugged stuff. And theyre saying now that Hillarys campaign is having money troubles. ... As a matter of fact, its ugly. Earlier today, a repo guy...confiscated her pantsuit.I hear Hillary Clintons campaign is out of money. As a matter of fact, it may be true. Earlier today, she was shopping at Pantsuits For Less.You know who I like is that John McCain. Do you folks like John McCain? He looks like the guy at the hardware store who makes the keys.McCain looks like the guy who...cant stop talking about how well his tomatoes are doing.McCain looks like the guy who goes into town for turpentine.McCain looks like the guy thats always got wiry hair growing out of new places.McCain looks like the guy who points out the spots they missed at the car wash.Hey, here is good news, ladies and gentlemen, the circus is in town at Madison Square Garden, and earlier today, Hillary Clinton claimed that once she was shot out of a cannon.Hillary is getting knocked around pretty good here lately. Every time she says something, people are jumping all over her. She compared herself to Rocky Balboa, and Im thinking if shes Rocky, John McCain is the old cut man in the corner.I like John McCain. He reminds me of a guy who spends a lot of time in the yard with a hose.McCain is looking for a vice presidential running mate, and he needs a guy who is conservative, understands the economy, and knows how to operate a defibrillator.Hillary...lately has been comparing herself to Sylvester Stallones Rocky Balboa. Yup, she calls herself Rocky. And today she was wearing an Everlast pantsuit.Are you familiar with the Hillary Clinton 3:00 a.m. Phone call commercial that she has been running during her campaign. The idea is if the phone rings at 3:00 a.m., who would you want to be president. She has another one. The phone rings at 3 a.m., Hillary...picks up the phone and says, Stop bothering me, President Obama.And John McCain...has one of those 3:00 a.m. campaign commercials. In this one, it is 3 a.m. and he just gets up to go to the bathroom.I like John McCain. He looks like a guy who spends a lot of time on the lawn with the hose.Everybody filed their taxes? I saw a thing today in the paper where the United States government takes a third of your money. ... I mean, my God, it is like being married to Heather Mills.Top Ten Ways Trevor Immelmans Life Has Changed Since Winning The Masters: 6. President Bush called...to congratulate me on winning Wimbledon. [Editors note: The list was read by Trevor Immelman.]Northwest Airlines and Delta Airlines are planning to merge. ... Their goal, of course, is to be able to cancel more flights than American Airlines.The Pope is coming to New York City, but he arrived earlier today in Washington DC. But when he was getting on his flight in Rome, he was almost not allowed on the aircraft because he tried to bring on more than three ounces of holy water.Beautiful spring day here in New York City. ... It was so nice...that Barack Obama could not find anyone who was bitter.Earlier tonight, there was another debate between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. And Hillary...is getting a little desperate. So before the debate, she sneaks over to Barack Obamas podium...and buries a Michael Dukakis jersey.The Pope is in the United States. Flew in to Washington, DC. Hillary Clinton declined to meet the Pope at the airport, because she was worried about sniper fire.And coincidentally, today is the Popes 81st birthday. ... President Bush greeted the Pope, and he knew it was his birthday, so he gave him a gift card to Big and Tall Hats.And at the White House, this was great. The Pope was greeted by a 21-gun salute, 22 if you count Cheney.Top Ten Questions President Bush Asked The Pope.How long have you been Poping?Jessica Alba or Jessica Biel?Have you ever tried eggs benedict?Could you perform an exorcism on Dick Cheney?You on spring break?What are you doing for Passover?Could you record a wacky greeting for my voicemail?Can I come up to visit you and Rudolph at the North Pole?Could you do something about my approval rating?These international trips are tricky, and often there can be some confusion and perhaps some embarrassment. They had an episode today in Washington, everybody is laughing about it now. But at the time it was not funny. The Pope, after the mass, accidentally gave the last rites to John McCain.The Pope, God bless him, got on the Pope-Mobile after the mass. And then, President Bush followed him in the Dope-Mobile.Hillary Clinton now says over the weekend that shes pro gun, likes guns, and loves to hunt ducks. Here is what Hillary...likes to do on weekend. She likes to squat in a duck blind wearing a camouflage pantsuit.Scientists, I believe in Norway, have located, identified, and verified 8,000-year-old Norway spruce trees. ... The oldest living things on the planet. The good news is that takes some of the heat off John McCain.Top Ten Signs President Bush Has Too Much Time On His Hands.Stops by Cheneys office every five minutes to see if hes still alive.Calls leaders of foreign countries yelling, Baba Booey! Baba Booey! (Listen to The Howard Stern Show exclusively on Sirius Satellite Radio.)Sits on the White House lawn and waves at cars.The man is a walking encyclopedia on The Hills.Gives the 3pm White House tour.Earlier today, he washed and waxed Air Force One.Doing a three-episode stint as a sexy assistant on How I Met Your Mother.President is on the Trampoline isnt Secret Service code, hes actually on the trampoline.Finally catching up on unread intelligence memos.The primary tomorrow is in Pennsylvania, and Hillary Clinton is trying to appeal to the working class so today she was campaigning in her blue collar pantsuit.Do you like John McCain? John McCain looks like the kind of guy that doesnt pick the phone up until the 12th ring.McCain looks like the kind of guy who thinks the cleaning woman will love any crap hes tossing out.You know the Howie Mandel blockbuster...game show Deal or No Deal? Earlier tonight, appearing on Deal or No Deal, President Bush. ... Meanwhile, over at ABCs Dancing With the Stars, Dick Cheney collapsed.But...Bush was on Deal or No Deal. Apparently, he didnt feel he was ready for Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?How about the presidential campaign? ... Im no political expert, but here is the problem with what the Democrats are doing. Theyre spending too much time attacking one another and not enough time trying to rig the election.Hillary Clinton is trying to convince the people in Pennsylvania that shes a hunter. Shes been campaigning all month in Pennsylvania, so she shows up the campaign events wearing her beaver pelt pantsuit.Well, today is Earth Day. In honor of Earth Day, Im doing tonights program with absolutely no energy.Top Ten Ways George W. Bush Can Improve His Approval Rating.Replace Hail To The Chief with Black Sabbaths Iron Man.Send FEMA to rebuild Knicks.Change name to Barack W. Obusha.Show America youre not some stiff workaholic by blowing off work sometimes.Jump Snake River in rocket powered Sky-Cycle.Become trapped in an elevator until January 20, 2009.Less of this (VT: Bush dancing in New Orleans).Ask father for tips on how he achieved his 31% approval rating.Hide Cheneys medication.How about the price of gasoline. Isnt it making you crazy? ... I spent $80 at the gas station today, and that was just to fill my lighter.The Democratic presidential race is dragging on and on and on, but the Democrats are trying to put a good face on this. They say now absolutely they will have a...nominee by McCains second year in office. So theyre ready to go.Hillary is very confident. She says shes ready for the 3:00 a.m. phone call and McCain says hes ready for the 3:00 p.m. nap.It was a big victory for Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania. Talk about your back to the wall there. I mean, my gosh, and she wins by 10 points. And so now, she went crazy at the celebration. She downed a shot and fired a gun in the air.Top Ten Signs Hillary Clinton Is Exhausted.Barely has enough energy to lie about battling Bosnian snipers.Last night, spent 2 hours debating a coat rack.Agreed not to dispute Florida and Michigan delegates in exchange for a nap.Announced a new tax break for kitties.Greeted Philadelphia voters with, Its great to be back in Tacoma!Shes mismatching her pantsuits -- man, she must be exhausted!When asked how shed fight terrorism, she said two words: Iron Man.3 AM phone call? Let the machine get it.So tired, she actually crawled in to bed with Bill.Ladies and gentlemen, this just in. Barack Obama was cleaning out his campaign headquarters in Pennsylvania, you know, after the primary there. And he found a buried Ralph Nader jersey, yeah.Have you been following the Democratic presidential race? Crazy, isnt it? I mean it goes on and on and on. And now Hillary has the big comeback win in Pennsylvania, and she is getting a little cocky. ... She is now saying if she gets that 3:00 a.m. phone call, shes going to let it go to voice mail.How about John McCain? ... I like John McCain. He looks like a guy who goes grocery shopping and yells at the bag boy. ... Put the eggs on top, Junior.He looks like a guy who still calls the TV the idiot box. What are you watching on the idiot box, Junior.He looks like a guy you take shopping and you have to yell into the changing room, Everything all right in there, Pop?You folks excited about the big presidential campaign? ... Heres a big endorsement. Barack Obama has been endorsed by Bruce Springsteen. Yup. Im not done. Earlier today, John McCain was endorsed by Yani.I like John McCain. ... He looks like the guy that forgets to roll up his windows at the car wash.McCain looks like the guy who yells, Okay, who touched the darkness control on the toaster?!Are you sick and tired of the...Democratic presidential primary. I mean, well, Hillary, of course, wants another debate. ... She says shes got nothing more to say really, she just wants to show off a new pantsuit.How about that John McCain? ... I like John McCain. He looks like the kind of guy that walks into Circuit City and says, Do you have typewriter ribbons?The Super Bowl champion New York Giants met with President Bush at the White House. The Patriots, who the Giants defeated in the Super Bowl, were not at the White House. However, as you know, they sent a guy to videotape it.Big week for President Bush. Tomorrow, he meets with the girlfriends of Roger Clemens.David Blaine, that street magician guy, was on the Oprah show, where he held his breath while he was underwater for 17 minutes. ... Underwater for 17 minutes without breathing, or as Dick Cheney calls it, interrogation.Top Ten Surprising Facts About Barack Obama (Editors note: The list was read by Sen. Obama).In the Illinois primary, I accidentally voted for Kucinich.When I tell my kids to clean their room, I finish with, Im Barack Obama and I approved this message.Throughout high school, I was consistently voted Barackiest.Earlier today I bowled a 39.I have canceled all my appearances the day the Sex and The City movie opens.Its the birth place of Fred Astaire. (Sorry, thats a surprising fun fact about Omaha.)We are tirelessly working to get the endorsement of Kentucky Derby favorite Colonel John.This has nothing to do with the Top Ten, but what the heck is up with Paula Abdul?I have not slept since October.Top Ten Reasons Hillary Clinton Loves America (Editors note: The list was read by Sen. Clinton).Canadian bacon: soggy and chewy; American bacon: crisp and delicious!Thanks to the Internet, I can order new pantsuits 24/7 ? theres your pantsuit joke, Dave. Are you happy now?232 years and not one cookie shortage.TiVo.Did I mention the soup? Mmmm, soup.Did you know former President Teddy Roosevelt was an American?Where else can you get a car painted for $29.95?Is this the part where I say, Live from New York, its Saturday night!?Apparently anyone can get a talk show.How about the presidential Democratic campaign, the primaries? Whoa, are you kidding me? Today theyre in Indiana. My home state. And also...North Carolina. And then, after that, they go to Canada. And then after the Canadian primaries, they go to Europe, they do the European primaries, and the election is still three years away.Jenna Bush is getting married this weekend at her fathers place in Crawford, Texas. And this is no surprise -- the $2 billion ice sculpture contract is with Halliburton.Hillary Clintons campaign is running out of money. ... As a matter of fact, today, and this very sad, a collection agency repossessed her pantsuit.So here is what happened on Tuesday. Hillary Clinton barely won my home state of Indiana. And she lost in the state of North Carolina. But here is the good news. She has a substantial lead in the state of denial.Im no pundit, but it occurred to me that Hillary Clinton has one thing in common with President Bush. Neither of them has an exit strategy.Now heres what I dont understand about government and politics and stuff like that. ... Earlier today President Bush...asked Congress to okay an additional $50 billion for his daughters wedding.This weekend...at the Bush family ranch, one of President Bushs daughters will be getting married. ... And I thought this was cute. The groom went to President Bush and asked...for his daughters hand in marriage. And president Bush said, Well, its okay with me, but you got to run it by Cheney.I was going to send my mom something special for Mothers Day, and then I realized that shes already getting that economic stimulus check.Jenna Bush is getting married tomorrow in Crawford, Texas, and Vice President Dick Cheney will be there, so its going to be a shotgun wedding.And I Dont know if youre aware of this, but theres a fairly serious rice shortage. So, wedding guests will be throwing baked potatoes.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Thats very nice of you. ... Really, that makes up for not being invited to Jennas wedding.Mothers Day this weekend. ... I love my mom and I got her a lovely gift, a  $25 Exxon Mobil gift card.Oh, how about that presidential race? Hillary Clinton just wont quit, but her campaign is running out of money. So today, she was wearing a certified, pre-owned pantsuit.But if you look at this historically, its not that difficult to believe that Hillary would still be campaigning. Listen to this. Once a year, in his basement, Al Gore gives a State of the Union address.Anybody go down to the Crawford ranch for the big Jenna Bush wedding over the weekend? It was a lovely affair, but do you know there is a rice shortage? ... So after the wedding, they threw caramelized onions.At the reception, President Bush danced with his lovely daughter. Its the first time he has led in eight years.Bush danced with all the guests. And then Cheney shot the cake.Now lets talk for a second about the presidential race, the Democratic campaign, the primaries -- its getting a little tiresome, dont you think? And the election is still three years off. And they have all the Canadian primaries left. Then of course they go to Europe.And it takes a lot of money to elect a president. In fact, Hillary Clintons campaign, right now, this very minute, $20 million in debt. Now when she gets that 3:00 a.m. call, its from a collection agency.But theyre not even pretending. Hillary Clinton is so broke now, some friends of mine spotted her in the middle of the night last night at a laundromat...with a hamper full of pantsuits.President Bush is in Israel...today. He is there looking for knishes of mass destruction.You know who was in town this morning, John McCain. Do you like John McCain? He was on...the Regis and Kelly program this morning. And I dont know, maybe he was tired, but he seemed a little confused. He kept calling Regis, Maury.Heres the reason. The day before, John McCain was in the Pacific Northwest, and one of the things he did, he strolled through a redwood forest. And you know what, folks? He was the oldest thing in the forest.How about this Democratic presidential campaign? Dont you want it to stop? And the election is what, three years away?And once they finish up in the United States, then they go to Mexico and campaign. Theyll be campaigning in Mexico for another six months.And Hillary won big in West Virginia, but...her campaign is broke. Theyre out of money and  $21 million in debt. ... And heres how desperate it is. Today, Hillary is so broke, she was shopping at Bobs Discount Pantsuits.Hillary Clinton, I mean God bless her, and it looks like now there is no possible way she can win the nomination. So shes not dropping out.Because you know, West Virginia earlier this week she won big, won like no delegates but still she won big. And then now they go to South America and they continue the campaign in South America. Just keeps going and going and going.Her campaign is $21 million in debt. $21 million in debt. So her campaign is the worlds most expensive fantasy camp. Look at it that way.Hillary thinks there is a chance. She is counting on her stimulus check to keep her going.Its sad because shes doing anything she can to raise money. Earlier today I saw her outside with a sign wearing a sign that read, Will drop out for food.But finally some good news for Hillary. ... And a bit of strategy now that I think could make Hillary Clinton unstoppable. Today, listen to this, today a wealthy industrialist, a wealthy industrialist built her an iron pant suit.Top Ten Surprises In The New Osama Bin Laden Audio Tape.Kept promoting weekly iTunes terror podcasts.Hes a little pitchy, dawg.232 years and not one cookie shortage.Its just an infomercial for his new Lean, Mean Goat Grillin Machine.Complains Greys Anatomy has totally jumped the shark.Hes interrupted three times by the blind sheik yelling, Baba Booey!Background noise suggests hes clearly at a bowling alley.Announced his engagement to Star Jones.Even he cant believe Bush hasnt caught him.Im trying not to be too depressed about this, but how about...the price of gasoline in this country? You know what theyre saying now? By Labor Day, it will probably be $20 a gallon. Oil is now $125 a barrel, a very, very high price. But if return the barrel, you get a $2 deposit back. So thats not so bad.Ladies and gentlemen, President Bush is back from his trip to the Mideast. And he did accomplish one thing. He found the crystal skull.But while President Bush was in Egypt he did ride a camel. So if you are scoring at home, thats three humps.Now heres whats troubling to me. This Osama bin Laden, remember when he was wanted dead or alive? Remember that? That was like eight years ago. And now he is still recording and releasing audiotapes and videotapes. It is not right, I tell you, ladies and gentlemen. In fact, there is a new audiotape from Osama bin Laden and you can tell, you know, you can tell this one is current because in this tape he takes credit for making that guy fly in the JetBlue restroom.I thought this was shocking. In the new Osama bin Laden tape, bin Laden admit that in the 70s he had an affair with Barbara Walters.Are you folks following the presidential campaign? Here is what I think. When will it be over? Because, as you know, the election is still three years away. And when they get done, I think the next one is in Kentucky. Then they finish up and go to Canada. Then they have the primaries all across Canada.But the Hillary Clinton campaign -- this is crazy. They are running out of money fast, and it is a serious thing. I mean, as a matter of fact, earlier today a couple of guys repoed her pantsuit.Top Ten Signs Youre Not Going To Win American Idol. 6. Even Dick Cheney thinks what you do is cruel and inhumane.Top Ten Signs Youre Not Going To Win American Idol. 2. Even Hillary admits you have no chance.But dont discount Hillary because shes nothing if not shrewd also. These people are professional politicians. Dont ever forget that. Hillary has a back-up plan. First, nothing but superdelegates. Remember when we heard all about the superdelegates? Now she has another back-up plan to get to the White House. Shes going to marry John McCain.Oh, I dont know what to say about this anymore, the presidential campaign. The sad thing here is that the Hillary Clinton campaign is  $21 million in debt. ... And so now, when she gets that 3:00 a.m. Phone call, its a loan shark.I mean, youve got to hand it to her-- she keeps showing up for the primary. She won...big in Kentucky. The next primary is in Puerto Rico, and Hillary is ready for that one. She plans to campaign in a skimpy, two-piece pantsuit.Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See The New Indiana Jones Movie. 5. If Indiana Jones wants to defeat evil, he should go after the oil companies -- zing!Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See The New Indiana Jones Movie. 4. Yes, Harrison, youre eligible for the senior citizen discount.Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See The New Indiana Jones Movie. 2. If I want to see an old guy running around, Ill go to a McCain rally.Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See The New Indiana Jones Movie. 1. Shouldnt you be at the White House, Mr. President?John McCain is going to be the Republican nominee for president, so he is now auditioning candidates for vice president. And theyre visiting at his home in Arizona, which I believe...is called the Lazy Artery. Wait, I believe its a ranch. I think it is the Double Hernia, or maybe it is called the Rancho Prostateo.Dick Cheney gave a commencement address at the Coast Guard Academy, and he really enjoyed speaking to the graduates. But his favorite part of the ceremony was waterboarding the valedictorian.Memorial Day weekend is also the opening of the barbecue season. You folks like to barbecue? I mean, lets face it, the polar ice caps just arent melting fast enough, so lets get out there and barbecue.You know, the big Indiana Jones movie opens up this weekend, and the star of the film...is a little older now. And hes really not much of a treasure hunter any more. In the big scene...in the movie, he goes out to his mailbox to look for his stimulus check.I hate to brag about stuff, but here in New York City, it is 78 and sunny, just like Hillary Clinton.Lets talk about the presidential Democratic primary. Over the weekend, I guess you know this, Hillary Clinton won the Puerto Rican primary, so she is now president of Puerto Rico.But the...real test coming up next week is the Mexican primary.And get ready because the election is only three years away.Hillary now says that she is winning the popular vote. ... And Al Gore said, Yeah, well, a lot of good that does.Top Ten Things Overheard At Hillary Clinton Campaign Headquarters.Hillarys changing onto her concession pantsuit.This is more depressing than a Mets game.So theyre nominating the guy with most delegates, superdelegates, and states won? Outrageous!Did you hear? The marquee melted on Letterman.Help us, Iron Man!!The Senator is in intense negotiations with Jim Beam.Theres a guy here to repossess the watercooler.Its not the end...You can always get fat and make a global warming documentary.Is Obama still hiring?Our Vice President, our old friend Dick Cheney, apologized for a joke he made about West Virginia. Nothing yet on the Iraqi war.So, yeah, Hillary may be dropping out of the campaign and the campaign is broke. Dont kid yourselves. Theyve spent a lot of money there. In fact, the campaign is so broke that today, Hillary was wearing a certified, pre-owned pantsuit.Yeah. Campaign is so broke that a collection agency repoed all her pantsuits.Hillary is desperate to raise money. Today, she entered a wet pantsuit contest.Hillary is nothing if not an optimist. She sees that the pantsuit is half full.You know, when Hillary was campaigning in Puerto Rico, she was wearing a skimpy, two-piece pantsuit.When Hillary was campaigning in Wisconsin, she was wearing a cheese pantsuit.When Hillary was campaigning in Texas, she was wearing a pantsuit with chaps.Welcome to New York City, where it is 71 and hazy. You know, kind of like John McCain.No, it is 67 and gloomy, like Hillary Clinton.Youre not going to believe this, but a bunch of people in Italy are turning Al Gores documentary, An Inconvenient Truth, into an opera. ... A lecture on global warming. I mean, cut me a slice of that. Lets go.Listen to some of the great songs in the Al Gore Inconvenient Truth opera. You Make Me Feel So Hot, thats one. Come Fry With Me. Call Me Biodegradable.Well ladies and gentlemen, the Democratic primary is over. Who wants to tell Hillary?Yep. Hillary lost, and she said today, Im not going anywhere. Ive already purchased my inaugural pantsuit. So shes here to stay.Top Ten Questions On The Barack Obama Running Mate Application.Do you have any crazy clergymen we should know about?Will you help your oil company buddies achieve record profits by screwing consumers?How many friends do you have on Facebook?Can your charisma and vitality match the high standards set by Dick Cheney?Why the hell was Billy Crystal on Letterman talking about Soap: The Complete Series, now available on DVD?Do you think the Yankees should move Joba back to the bullpen?Any idea what happened on the season finale of Lost?Have you ever slept with Barbara Walters?By any chance, do you know where Osama bin Laden is?The presidential candidates are taking the weekend off. John McCain will be resting at his ranch, the Rio Magnesia.McCain will be on his ranch, the Double A RP.John McCain will be relaxing at his ranch, the Lazy Colon.Hillary Clinton...has announced that she will be officially ending her campaign on Saturday. ... Shes going to wait until Saturday because tomorrow is the Honduras primary.But you know, in the larger sense, Hillary Clinton ending her campaign is really kind of sad, because it means the Clinton dream of being a two impeachment family goes right down the drain.Top Ten Signs Your Neighbor Is an Alien. 1. Hes bald, gray and creepy, but hes not Dick Cheney.But...they had some trouble and they have postponed the opening of that opera. Apparently, the composer is having trouble finding a rhyme for low emission hybrid.Top Ten Answers To The Question How Hot Is It? 9. Its so hot, President Bush fanned himself with unread intelligence memos.Top Ten Answers To The Question How Hot Is It? 8. Its so hot, Scott McClellan has written a scathing book criticizing the sun.Top Ten Answers To The Question How Hot Is It? 7. Its so hot, Exxon is charging $4 a gallon for ice.Top Ten Answers To The Question How Hot Is It? 4. Its so hot, Hillary Clinton announced shes running for president of Antarctica.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. That was about as sincere as an endorsement from Hillary Clinton.Heres how hot it is today in New York City. ... Its so hot, over the weekend, Barack Obama enjoyed the chilly meeting with Hillary.It is so hot that Hillary Clinton conceded she was sweating.Its 105 and miserable. You know, like John McCain.Top Ten Signs an NBA Game Is Fixed: 3. The team loses even though it led in points, delegates and the popular vote.NASA has announced a plan to take a trip to the sun. ... So, apparently, the search for bin Laden continues.Heres what NASA wants to do. They want to get to the sun, find the thermostat, and turn it down!George W. Bush is traveling in Europe, and he spent the last couple of days in Italy. He went to Venice and he thought the streets were flooded. And he said, Dont worry, FEMA is on the way. Hang on. Well be right there.You cant eat tomatoes because theyre tainted with...deadly salmonella. Yeah, now listen to this. First, of course, we went through tainted lettuce. ... Now, tainted tomatoes. Who would have thought that the healthiest part of a BLT would be the bacon? Honestly, what is happening?!Sunday right here on CBS, the annual Tony Awards. Vice President Dick Cheney received a Tony nomination for his performance in The Angina Monologues.Well, thankfully the presidential candidates are taking the weekend off. And John McCain will be resting at his ranch, Rancho Sciatica.Yeah, that ranch is located right outside of Denture Springs.John McCain is going after the Hillary Clinton female voters. Yes, and as a matter of fact, today, he was campaigning in a pantsuit.John McCain is actively courting women over 60. And Im thinking, well who does this guy think he is, Ashton Kutcher?President Bush is thinking that hell write his memoir. ... Unfortunately, the problem with the President writing his presidential memoir, I mean, I think before you write a book, you have to have read one.He tells people the problem is he has writers block. ... Of course he does. Its that thing between his ears.Top Ten Ways The New York Mets Can Turn Things Around. 7. Convince superdelegates to put them in the playoffs.Top Ten Ways The New York Mets Can Turn Things Around. 6. Ask President Bush how he was able to turn things around in Iraq.Top Ten Ways The New York Mets Can Turn Things Around. 3. Before every game, feed other team tainted to-maters.Al Gore has endorsed Barack Obama for president. ... Medical experts say this is great because it gives the Obama campaign a much needed shot of boredom.Al Gore. Think about it. If he endorses you, youre getting an endorsement from a guy who has received an Academy Award, received a Grammy, and the Nobel Prize. Oh, and Gore...also won a competitive eating contest.And now, of course, going head to head, you have Barack Obama and John McCain. Theyre already putting together debates. Heres how it will be. Barack Obama says after each question, he wants a one-minute response. And John McCain says after each question, he wants a five- minute nap.A couple of days ago, NASAs Mars Lander has found traces...of ice and salt on Mars. Wait a minute. Theres more. Right now, its searching for tequila, which will come in handy because the Lander also found an old blender.Theres...your tax dollars at work: 36...million miles to find traces of salt and ice, which is available at 7-Eleven.Gay couples, gay people, are now allowed to marry in the state of California. And guess what? Today, Iron Man married the Hulk.President Bush has ordered...his troops now to find Osama bin Laden. Yep. Boy, he really jumped on that one, didnt he?Well, here it goes. Were heating up the presidential campaign, and John McCain and Barack Obama are already bickering about what to do when they catch Osama bin Laden. ... Obama wants to bring him to trial, but McCain wants to shoot him. Both really good ideas, but I said to myself, Guys, guys, how about somebody finding him first?I mean, thats like the New York Mets putting together their starting lineup for the World Series.Barack Obama has apparently started a fashion trend, and Italy is designing clothing based on how Barack Obama dresses. And I said, Well, yeah, thatll connect him with the angry working class voters.But...John McCain has also inspired a new line of clothing. And I believe if you want some of the John McCain stuff, its being sold at the Very Old Navy.Top Ten Things Overheard on Hillary Clintons First Day Back at Work.Did you win?We chipped in for a welcome back pantsuit.Should I take the Madame President nameplate off your door?Hillarys choking another superdelegate.On the bright side, you can once again partake in endless debates about agricultural subsidies.Senator Clinton, please stop throwing wads of paper at Senator Obamas head.I cant believe your shrill message of fear didnt resonate.Please stop taunting her, Senator Kerry.Well begin as soon as Senator Craig returns from the restroom.Thank you for being here, but, you know, I dont need any of this. I own a gas station in Mexico.Californians now driving across the border to get cheap gas in Mexico. Heres another tip. Instead of gas, try using Rite Aid vodka. Much cheaper, and about the same mileage.How about this, ladies and gentlemen? Hillary Clinton is out campaigning with Barack Obama. ... She says if it goes well, shell consider making him her running mate.I dont know if you know this, but John McCain has now got a bandage on his head. ... Apparently, he tried to answer the iron.Heres good news. Bill Clinton will be out on the campaign trail getting people to vote for Obama. Uhhh...Isnt that what he was doing for Hillary?But Bill Clinton is campaigning for Obama. President Bush is campaigning for McCain. And Im thinking, wow, this could really be the year for Ralph Nader.Top Ten Ways Kim Jong Il Can Improve His Image.Next time Regis is on vacation, co-host with Kelly.Open popular pizza chain Papa Jongs.Do a hilarious ventriloquist act on North Koreas Got Talent.Figure out a way to get us out of Iraq.Have advisors in Pyongyang come up with a new big summer idea.Adopt new catchphrase, Im a bad wittle dictator.Four words: Tan In A Can.Step 1: break leg. Step 2: Win major golf tournament.Improve? Well, hell, hes more popular than Bush.Big ruling coming out of the Supreme Court. They have ruled individuals have the right to carry guns. But do not think you can just go into a gun store and buy a gun. No, no, no. There is still a strict 15-minute waiting period.But when the decision was read, it created pandemonium. Court Justice Scalia had to fire two warning shots to settle people down.And then at the White House, just for fun, Dick Cheney went out and peppered a buddy with some bird shot.Were learning more and more about both presidential candidates. For example, John McCain doesnt work on weekends. ... He spends his time at his ranch, the Casa Varicosa.But ...on the weekends, John McCain likes to sit on the porch in front of the house looking for out-of-state license plates.On this day in 1963, JFK was in Germany and he said, Ich bin ein Berliner. Do you remember that? ... I am a Berliner. And...you know, Im thinking about it. Now, it would be nice if we had a president who could speak English.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear At The Beach. 9. Forget about sharks, I thought I saw a tomato in the water.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear At The Beach. 8. Due to the mortgage crisis, were foreclosing your sandcastleTop Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear At The Beach.  2. Are you here for the Al Qaeda summer picnic?You know whats not too far from now? Fourth of July. ... My family gets together...at my place every Fourth, and last year was a pretty big success. We were able to isolate the outbreak of E. coli to Moms side of the family.A lot of folks from out of town, am I right about that? Youre here at a good time in New York City because next month, all the hookers leave for Minneapolis for the Republican Convention.Hillary is now campaigning with and for Barack Obama. During the day, they will attend...various functions on the campaign trail. Then at night, they go back to separate hotels. So you -- now wait a minute. No, thats Hillary and Bill.He had his annual checkup, had his annual physical, Dick Cheney, Vice President. Went well. During the checkup he only had three heart attacks.Well, you know, were in the middle of a banking crisis. Today on television, President Bush assured Americans that he is taking steps to resolve the financial crisis. Well, thats good enough for me. Come on, lets go to the park.Brett Favre says he has reconsidered his decision to retire and he wants to get back in the game. Today Hillary Clinton said, You can do that?Listen to this, John McCain has now vowed to capture Osama bin Laden. Well, by God, Im glad thats settled.Not to be outdone, Barack Obama announced he will get us out of the All-Star game.Yesterday down in the White House lawn President Bush and all the boys got together and had a T-ball game. ... And the T-ball, they had really great time. Everything was going well until Vice President Cheney water boarded the umpire.They are playing T-ball on the lawn of the White House. George Bush and the Vice President and Condoleezza, all the folks down there playing T-ball. Beautiful summer day, playing T-ball. Lets see, bank failures all over the United States. Record oil prices. A war with no end in sight. Well sure, lets play some T-ball.Happy Birthday, Senator Larry Craig, who turns 63 years old on Sunday. ... He has a big party planned. Earlier today, he shoved invitations under all the stalls.But if are you going to Larry Craigs birthday party, it will be easy to find. Just look for the airport mens room with the balloons.Top Ten Questions Asked Of Barack Obama On His Trip Overseas.Seriously, why the hell do you want this job?Are you looking for a great deal on a used camel?If you want to visit a war zone, how about the Alex Rodriguez marriage?So is Lindsay Lohan actually dating that chick?Can you explain the feels like number?How many Obamas still living in Ireland?If youre elected, will you be an entertaining dumb-ass like Bush?Can you do anything about Andy Dick?Do you know Batman?It is so hot today that Vice President Dick Cheney replaced his pacemaker with an icemaker.I like that John McCain. He looks like the guy theyd send out to the mound to settle down a young pitcher.McCain kept asking Giuliani, Whens DiMaggio coming up?Former Attorney General Janet Reno is 70 years old today. ... She looks great and she feels great. And as a matter of fact, shes even thinking about playing again for the Packers.Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi is calling the Bush Presidency a total failure. ... I think hes done okay, if you dont count Iraq, the economy, the environment, Afghanistan, the mortgage crisis, the deficit, gas prices, Hurricane Katrina, illegal wire tapping, the national debt, tainted food, failure to catch bin Laden, CIA Leak. Other than that, I think its been pretty good.John McCain...said recently that Iraq and Afghanistan share a common border, and I thought, well no wonder we cant find Osama bin Laden. Weve been searching an imaginary border.Oh, by the way, the trial for Osama bin Ladens driver has begun. The charges are terrorism, conspiracy, and making an illegal left turn.But this driver was a very devoted employee, and you could often see him. I saw him, I think, one time at the airport...holding up a sign up that read deranged lunatic.Do you like celebrity birthdays? Former Attorney General Janet Reno has a birthday. She is now 70 years old. Like everybody else, Janet is getting older. This could be her last chance to win a gold medal in shot put.Did you realize that Osama bin Laden had a driver? Well, they caught the guy and they arrested him and hes now on trial. But this guy loved working for Osama bin Laden. And maybe you saw him at airports waiting for Osama bin Laden. He was the guy holding the sign that said, fanatical whack job.Barack Obama is in the Middle East, and today, he met with the leaders of Israel and Jordan, and not to be outdone, earlier today, John McCain was in the park playing checkers with Ed Koch.But people in the Middle East love...Barack Obama, and I think the reason that they love the guy is because...finally, they have found a guy that can pronounce Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.Well, I dont know if you know this or not, but right now Barack Obama is in the Mideast. And when he was over there, he met with the Israelis, also met with the Palestinians. But...not to steal the spotlight, John McCain also had a very busy day. He spent the entire day in the waiting room of Just Tires.Top Ten Ways John McCain Can Appear More Youthful.Instead of Lincoln, pepper speech with quotes from Broday Jenner.Get his Miracle Ear pierced.Stop yelling at reporters to get off his lawn.Play breakdancing vice principal in High School Musical 3.Take a page from Jason Giambi and grow a cool moustache.Wrestle a gator.Change name of Straight Talk Express to J-Dawgs Booty Wagon.Stop promising a Packard in every garage and a goose in every icebox.Never hurts to nail a few interns.Over the last ten days, Barack Obama was traveling overseas, campaigning in Europe and everywhere. And this trip was so successful that Obama is actually thinking about campaigning here in the United States.But while Barack Obama was campaigning in Germany, John McCain wasnt laying around. No, no, John McCain was out driving in his driveway and he backed over the mailbox.But there was one little episode while Barack Obama was overseas. He was in Jerusalem, and he was heckled. And hes not used to being heckled, because everybody...likes the guy wherever he goes so nobody heckles him. And this woman was just furious and nasty and heckling him, and finally he said, All right, Hillary, knock it off!Top Ten Signs Barack Obama Is Overconfident.Offered Bush 20 bucks for the Mission Accomplished banner.Asked guy at Staples, Which chair will work best in an oval-shaped office?The affair with Barbara Walters.Having head measured for Mount Rushmore.Guy sits around eating soup all day.Hes voting for Nader.Offered McCain a job in gift shop at Obama Presidential Library.Announced his running mate will be Andy Dick.Been cruising for chicks with John Edwards.Now you think Im exaggerating, but they had a practice today in Beijing for the Olympics and a javelin thrower...threw the javelin up into the air and it stuck.Top Ten Jerry Lewis Excuses. 10. Rehearsing for my new film, The Nutty Terrorist.Top Ten Jerry Lewis Excuses. 7. No shampoo on planes I understand, but guns? What is this, Damascus?Top Ten Jerry Lewis Excuses. 6. Was whacked out on some stuff I got from Amy Winehouse.Top Ten Signs Your Cat Is Too Fat. 6. He has had more heart attacks than Dick Cheney.Top Ten Signs Your Cat Is Too Fat. 6. When he goes outside, people say, Can I get your autograph, Mr. Gore?Theres a new campaign ad, kind of an attack ad, from John McCain. In the ad, McCain, compares Barack Obama to Paris Hilton and Britney Spears, and McCain has been criticized for this. Reporters tried to contact McCain to get his response to the criticism, but McCain could not talk because he was busy having his dinner on a TV tray watching Jeopardy.Top Ten New Words. 10. McCaincient.Top Ten New Words. 7. Osama Mia!Top Ten New Words. 1. Presidork.President Bush will be in China for the Olympics. ... And also, while hes there, he will be searching for lo mein of mass destruction.But I think the US is going to do well, particularly in swimming, where Dick Cheney...looks great in the...freestyle waterboarding.Top Ten Things Overheard at Barack Obamas Birthday Party.Hillary, get me another drink.Brett Favre hasnt decided if hes coming or not.John McCain has demanded we start drilling for oil in the punch bowl.Is Senator Craig still in the mens room?Wheres Paris?This is the Barackiest birthday party Ive ever been to.No number 3 -- writer watching swimming doggies.Mr. Gore, please put your shirt on.Spitzers here and he brought whores!John McCain had a great weekend. He met with his ham radio club, and then he played horseshoes at the senior center.They say John McCain is 71, but people are now saying he may be older. No one knows for sure because his birth certificate was destroyed when the wagon train was attacked.President Bush...will be spending the entire week in the Orient, as opposed to his usual location, the Disorient...Thank you!Everybody in Beijing...has Olympic fever. ... Or, as its also known, bronchial asthma.But yesterday, kind of an embarrassing moment in Beijing. The United States Olympic bicycle team gets off the plane, and theyre wearing...those air filter masks on their faces. The only way, they say, that theyre going to be able to get fresh air is to suck it out of their tires.But theyre the same masks that kids have to wear when they play with Chinese-made toys.Well, the big debates are coming up. Barack Obama wants to debate about foreign policy, while John McCain wants to debate about the big band era.You know, I like John McCain. He looks like the guy that hangs out at the driving range, always giving you unwanted tips. ... Youre topping the ball. Youre top -- give me the club. Youre topping the damn ball!But how about this? John McCain was at the big annual motorcycle rally in Sturgis, South Dakota. While there, McCain suggested that his wife could compete in the rallys topless beauty pageant. That reminds me of is the time during the campaign when Bill Clinton suggested that Hillary should compete in a wet pantsuit contest.The guy who used to be Osama bin Ladens...driver has been found guilty of supporting terrorism and using an expired EZ Pass.President Bush arrived in Beijing earlier today. And before stepping out of the plane, he tested the air with a canary.But they got together, the Chinese, and threw a big steak dinner for President Bush in his honor. They served Peking lame duck.And President Bush, he doesnt know what hes doing over there. He turned to the president of China, and he said, General Tso, I love your chicken.Today was the opening of the Chinese Olympics in Beijing, and the opening ceremonies earlier tonight were just tremendous -- 10,000 performers...reenacted the history of communist China. I mean, cut me a slice of that!Beijing Olympics ? its two weeks of competition to see which country has the best pharmacists.President Bush, now sometimes I feel sorry for President Bush. Sometimes I get the feeling hes in over his head, because hes at the opening ceremonies, and hes trying to, you know, pretend like he knows what hes doing. So he turns to the president of China and he says, I love your chicken, General Tso.Top Ten Ways To Make The Democratic Convention More Fun.Every night, one lucky lady gets to go home with John Edwards.In honor of party mascot, serve assortment of delicious donkey and mule treats.Each delegate gets a kitty, superdelegates get a super kitty!Special appearance by the exhumed remains of Lyndon Johnson.Call the Pepsi Center something crazy like the Birds Nest or the Water Cube.Give John Kerrys crazy wife five minutes to say whatever she wants ? remember her?Kick things off with a song from Dennis Kucinich.Five words: hot volleyball babes in bikinis.Try to squeeze Al Gore into the same suit he wore at the 2000 convention.We go from one exciting thing, the Olympics, to another, the Democratic Convention in Denver. The theme of the Democratic Convention is unity. Unfortunately, they cant agree on how that works.Yeah, the Democratic Convention is in Denver, and security is tighter than Nancy Pelosis face.But at the convention, Nancy Pelosi will give a speech tonight. Then theres a film about Joe Biden, then there is a tribute to Denver by Mayor Hickenlooper. And Im telling you, break out the dip! Come on!Speakers include Sen. Claire McCaskill, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, and former Rep. Lee Hamilton. I mean come on, cut me a slice of that!Joe Biden is Barack Obamas running mate. ... Yeah, nothing says change like a guy whos been in the Senate for 35 years.Top Ten Things Overheard At The Democratic National Convention.The decorations are made from John Kerry 2004 bumper stickers.I think the Chinese delegates are underage.No, Mr. President, you belong at the Republican convention.Sen. Biden, do you think youll shoot an old guy in the face?Shut up! Im trying to listen to Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle.No number 4 ? writer at screening of House Bunny.Coming up next, a look at Democratic candidates greatest concession speeches.Yes, at midnight theyre going to tase Andy Dick.Hey, its a giant Al Gore balloon! Oh, wait. Thats Al Gore.It was so nice today in New York City that John McCain is buying a house here.Last week, they asked John McCain...how many houses do you own? And he says, Ill have to get back to you. And I was thinking about this. I have two houses. Well, actually three, if you count the champagne room at Flashdancers.I dont know if you know the line-up of speakers, at the Democratic convention, but today, they had Dennis Kucinich, Sen. Bob Casey, and a keynote speech from former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner. Wow! Break out the Budweiser!And of course today Hillary Clinton spoke at the Democratic National Convention. And Bill Clinton was there, cheering and applauding. So was his date.Top Ten Democratic National Convention Pickup Lines.Somethings rising and its not the national debt.Im stiffer than John Kerry.Lets go someplace and release our delegates.Care to join the wife and me for a little bipartisanship?Ill make you scream like Howard Dean.Now thats what I call a stimulus package.Im gonna Barack your world.Wanna pretend were Republicans and have gay bathroom sex?Hi, Im John Edwards.Everybody been watching the Democratic National Convention? It is fun to watch. As a matter of fact, here is the list of the speakers for tonight. Youre going to have Sen. Harry Reid, former New Hampshire Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, and Charles Schumer, senator from New York. Im telling you, fire up the TiVo!By the way, if the presidential election were held tomorrow, who would vote for Barack Obama, and who would vote for John McCain? They are, as you probably know, ideologically speaking, they are two completely different nominees. For example, one offers you hope, the other offers you a dish of hard candy.And how about Hillary Clinton last night at the Democratic convention in Denver? Wasnt that amazing? She...wore a bright-orange pantsuit. Looked like a Caltrans worker or the Hollywood Freeway.But Hillary...gave a rousing speech. It was so passionate and emotional. Im telling you, Nancy Pelosis face almost moved.And then earlier tonight, her husband, Bill Clinton, spoke at the convention, and what a great speech. ... He got four standing ovations, and five phone numbers.Top Ten Surprises In Barack Obamas Democratic National Convention Address.Wants to change October to Barack-tober.Most of speech was devoted to his Labor Day barbecue cole slaw recipe.Outlined plan for America, then took calls about the Broncos defense.Kept saying to John Kerry, Hey, why the long face? ? its funny every time!Twelve-and-a-half minutes of, Testing-one-two.Performed hilarious ventriloquist act with Dennis Kucinich on his lap.Promised to make Pluto a state.Plans to bring peace to Lo and Audrina on The Hills.Also pronounces nuclear, nucular.Last night, Barack Obama was officially nominated Democratic candidate for President of the United States. ... And I want to tell you something. I really think things are starting to look bad for Hillary.Former President Bill Clinton spoke at the convention last night. And it was sort of sad when in the middle of Clintons speech, John McCain wandered out on stage...in his bathrobe.Sad. I do like that John McCain though. John McCain looks like the kind of guy who turns his business over to his son but still shows up at work once a week. Hey, Randy, let me, uh ? Randy, can I see the invoices? Randy?Oh! This is exciting. John McCain now has finally decided on his vice president. Yeah. The only question now is from which house will he make the announcement?I dont know if you are aware of this or not, but this Democratic convention, theyre trying to be environmentally friendly. Even the confetti...that they drop, thats actually shredded Clinton subpoenas.And John Kerry...said, Well this time, were going to win. Hey, thats good enough for me.And then tonight, Barack Obama speaks to the convention, and they moved it to the stadium there in Denver. Theyre getting, like, 75,000 people. And Im telling you, the construction crew has been working around the clock, painting the stadium, scrubbing the stadium, plastering. Its the same team that works on Nancy Pelosi.And this was cute. Barack Obamas daughters had a sleepover in the hotel. They had 15 girlfriends sleeping in their hotel room. Coincidentally, so did Bill Clinton.Last week a reporter says to John McCain how many homes do you own. Seems like a straightforward enough question. And John McCain says, Im going to have to get back to you on that. Like there is a deal hanging in the balance? It could be eight, could be nine. We Dont know.And so we looked into this. And we did some research and we found out John McCain lives out there in Arizona. He has a number of ranches. I didnt realize this. He owns a number of ranches. For example the Casa Angina is one of his.The lazy colon, have you ever been there? Its beautiful. The AARP, that is a beautiful spread. At Rancho Mylanta. The fort Maalox. Or the Casa Sciatica.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear On Your First Day Of School. 10. Please rise as we pledge allegiance to North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Il.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear On Your First Day Of School. 2. I taught George W. Bush.How about the Republican convention? Here is the roster of speakers tonight. George W. Bush, Joe Lieberman, and Fred Thompson. ... Cut me a slice of that! Yeah!The convention kicked off with a big mixer for Republican delegates in Senator Larry Craigs airport restroom stall. It was easy to spot because it had balloons hanging over it.And, of course, the big news is that John McCain has selected Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice presidential candidate. Apparently, he was turned down by his first choice, Bonnie Hunt.McCain felt that what this nation really needs now is a vice president who looks like Tina Fey.But were learning more and more about Sarah Palin. Boy, are we! And listen to this. It turns out that she and her entire family once had a chair-throwing brawl on Jerry Springer.And youve got to love this. Sarah Palin is an avid hunter. ... A vice president who likes guns. Well, what could go wrong there?And by the way, heres good news, ladies and gentlemen. The Palin family crisis that we were talking about on Sunday and Monday, that has been solved now. And today, the baby is being adopted by Angelina Jolie.Have you been watching the Republican convention on the TV? ... I want to tell you something -- and I made a mistake about this -- the Republicans actually have a lot of ethnic diversity. They do. For example...uh. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Uh...Joe Lieberman?John McCain lasted five and a half years in a POW camp in North Vietnam. Even he couldnt get through Joe Liebermans speech.By the way, if youre wondering about this, Dick Cheney did not attend the Republican convention in Minnesota. No, he did not. Yup. Apparently, he had already scheduled a heart attack, so...he wont be there.Is it just me, or does Sarah Palin look like a model for LensCrafters?You know, Sarah Palin, the vice presidential running mate on the Republican ticket, likes to shoot assault rifles. Ill say this for her daughters boyfriend. The kids got guts.And earlier tonight, Sarah Palin gave a tremendous speech to the Republicans, though some are claiming it was actually her daughters speech.Delegates were captivated by Palins speech. At one point while she was speaking, the room got so quiet, you could hear Larry Craigs toilet flush.Say what you will about this Sarah Palin, women love this candidate. ... As a matter of fact, last night at the convention, security had to restrain Dick Cheneys lesbian daughter. It was crazy.How many of you folks saw...Sarah Palin last night? She looks like the weekend anchor on Channel 9.Palin looks like the hygienist who makes you feel guilty about not flossing.Palin looks like the relieved mom in a Tide commercial.Palin is from Alaska, where there are rugged, individualist people. In fact, Palin herself has some wild ideas. ... She wants to change the US currency from dollars...to pelts.A lot of biographical information about Sarah Palin last night. When she was 24 years old, she eloped with her boyfriend. Yeah. And I believe the last governor to elope with a boyfriend was, well, Jim McGreevey.And then, after the Sarah Palin speech, John McCain comes on stage. And you thought, whoa, something dramatic will happen. But it turns out he was just looking for his glasses.And then earlier tonight, John McCain had his big acceptance speech, but I didnt watch and Ill tell you why. If I want to see an old guy...struggle with a teleprompter, then Ill watch Regis.Top Ten Ways To Make The US Open More Exciting. 1. Even though she has no experience, put Sarah Palin in the finals.Fashion Week here in New York City. ... And a sure sign that its Fashion Week, all of the guys in the Village are dressed as Sarah Palin.But John McCain and his VP Sarah Palin, bonding, getting together, really enjoying one another. As a matter of fact, today, she took him to the mall for new Rockports.You know, Sarah Palin is the Governor of Alaska, you know that. And shes a lifelong member of the National Rifle Association. So great, is what Im thinking, another vice president that shoots a drinking buddy; just get ready.John McCain turned...72 years old last Friday, but the Chinese are making him a birth certificate that says hes only 33 and then hell be ready to go.Not getting tapped as vice president was disappointing for...Mitt Romney, but dont worry about Mitt. Hes going to continue doing just fine. He will be playing Palmer Courtland on All My Children.Top Ten Signs Youre Talking To A Fake Kim Jong-Il.Hes 65, 250 pounds.Introduces himself by saying, Hi, Im Gary -- uh, crap, I mean Kim Jong-Il.He seems Kimmy and Jongy, but not quite Illy.Your wife recognizes him as the Kim Jong-Il look-alike who stripped at her bachelorette party.Keeps using the phrase, Chillax, bro.He pays for drinks -- honestly, folks, whens the last time that man picked up a check?Wont shut up about the new 90210.Hes only half insane.Keeps referring to himself as just a hockey mom.Everybody in New York City has Fashion Week fever. ... As a matter of fact, the Statue of Liberty earlier today was wearing a pair of those hip Sarah Palin glasses.Well, anyway, everybodys out there campaigning. And today, in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sen. John McCain was there with Sarah Palin. And they were having lunch at a diner, and I thought this was so sweet. She was cutting his meat for him.McCain was sitting there at the counter, wearing his Diamondbacks baseball cap, muttering about hippies.John McCain is old. In fact, he is so old that his blood type has been discontinued.I do...kind of like that Sarah Palin. She looks like the flight attendant who wont give you a second can of Pepsi. No, youve had enough. Were landing.Sarah Palin looks like the waitress at the coffee shop who draws a little smiley face on your check.If the show tonight doesnt go well, guess what? The Federal government is bailing me out.We had a wet, rainy day right here in New York City today. And along those lines, John McCain admitted today that he doesnt know how many umbrellas he owns.And how about that Barack Obama? They are saying for the first time hes starting to slip in the polls, but dont worry. Hes got a plan. Hes going to go back to campaigning in Europe.How about that Sarah Palin and John McCain? What a ticket. ... Well, theyre out on the campaign trail, and today, she took him for a haircut. A little trim. Come on, Dad, lets just...drop right in.When Sarah Palin and John McCain make an appearance together, theres always a brief hug, but no kissing. ... Its just like Bill and Hillary.I like that Sarah Palin. She looks like the lady in the dental office who gives you the keys to the restroom.Sarah Palin looks like my selection of the week on eHarmony.com.Sarah Palin looks like the woman in the department store who tries to spray you with perfume.Sarah Palin refuses to come on The Late Show, or as she calls it, the bridge to nowhere.Reporters asked Sarah Palin if she could ever be president and commander-in-chief, and she said, Ya, sure, you betcha!Touch of autumn in the air, and the leaves are falling. Today, as a matter of fact, John McCain admitted that he doesnt know how many rakes he owns.Boy, did you hear about this? Rumors coming out of North Korea that dictator Kim Jong Il may be...really sick or dead. ... Now, if thats true, North Korea will now be ruled by Kim Jong Ils brother, Mentally Il.On the program tonight, Senator Barack Obama is here. Its the first time weve had 80,000 people in the Ed Sullivan Theater.And as a matter of fact -- I dont know if youre aware of this -- all New Yorkers have Obama fever. ... Everybodys very excited about him being in New York City. New York City cab drivers, by the way, are offering their Barack Obama special ? theyll gladly accept change.Meanwhile, in Virginia today, Senator John McCain and Sarah Palin were campaigning. Do you like Sarah Palin? ... I like her because she looks like the lady at the bakery who yells out, 44! 44! 45!Sarah Palin looks like a real estate agent whose picture you see on the bus stop bench.Sarah Palin looks like the lady who has a chain of cupcake stores.Sarah Palin looks like the mayor of a small town thats banned dancing.People...are now asking the question is Sarah Palin ready to be president? ... If, God forbid, something happens to John McCain, is Sarah Palin ready to be president? I dont think we need to worry about that because Bush has lowered the bar so tremendously, I mean, Im ready to be president.Jack Hanna is on the program this evening, ladies and gentlemen. Jungle Jack ? Im very excited. Jack is going to put lipstick on a pig. That will be good.Tonight and tomorrow night, Charles Gibson over there at ABC going to interview Sarah Palin. And I believe itll be her first big time interview. And Charles Gibson, the first question he asks her, he says, Are you ready to be President? And Sarah Palin said, Oh, fer sure!But, no, seriously, the interview went very well, and during the interview, Sarah Palin actually gave birth to her sixth child.Do you like Sarah Palin? Yeah. I...like Sarah Palin. She looks like the dip sample lady at Safeway.Sarah Palin looks like the nurse who weighs you, then and makes you sit alone in your underwear for 20 minutes.Sarah Palin looks like the Olive Garden hostess who says, Im sorry, your tables not ready yet.Sarah Palin looks like the infomercial lady who says she made $60,000 a month flipping condos.Matt Damon says he believes that Sarah Palin would be a disaster in the White House. ... Now wait a minute, wait a minute. I think Ill wait to hear what Ben Affleck has to say.Oh, and tomorrow, talk about tremendous viewing. Tomorrow on The View, John McCain...will be a guest. But be careful, John, because that place is like a North Vietnamese prison with Botox. So just watch yourself.Hi, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the program. Im Dave Letterman, a pit bull with lipstick.That John McCain, by gosh, did you know this he was on The View earlier today. Yup. And I thought to myself, well...hasnt this man endured enough torture? Honestly.But that John McCain is a great guy. And when he was finished at The View, as a thank you gift, he bought everybody on the show a house.But how about that ticket, John McCain and Sarah Palin? ... Political insiders told me that Sarah Palins main job...on the ticket now is to tell John McCain when hes got something on his chin.Well, how about that Sarah Palin? I like Sarah Palin. She looks like the phone operator...in the commercial who pretends that shes standing by for your call.But were learning more and more about Sarah Palin, who was Mayor of a town called Wasilla, Alaska. ... I went to looking at it. Theres only one store in Wasilla. They have a Bed, Bath and Way Beyond.Wasilla, Alaska, is so small, if you pick up the towns guide book, called Things To Do In Wasilla, it reads, Youre doing it.Everybody was excited about the Emmys, including John McCain, who, during the Emmys, said, Uh, Gunsmoke win anything?The economy is in big trouble, but the Bush Administration is now running it. So finally some good news.John McCain is introducing his running mate, Sarah Palin, to the world leaders over at the United Nations. And it was nice. It looked like Bring Your Daughter to Work Day.By the way, as the campaign goes on, were learning more and more about Senator John McCain, who apparently...has 13 cars. But he cant remember where he parked any of them.Top Ten George W. Bush Ideas For Fixing The Economy.Drill Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for loose change.Sell cupcakes in front of the White House.Flip all them charts upside down.Encourage Americans to spend more. If they dont, Cheney peppers them in the face.Most things seem better after half a bottle of Jim Beam.Lets just say the Lincoln Memorial is now the Tostitos Lincoln Memorial.Invent a car that runs on root beer. Come on, we have an unlimited supply of root beer. And we make it here in America. Am I the only one thinking?Put on a pair of glasses and shoot a moose.Is Hillary still available for a 3am phone call?Exciting stuff going on over at the United Nations earlier today. President Bush addressed the UN General Assembly. Apparently, his father couldnt get him out of it.Iranian President Ahmadinejad also spoke at the UN earlier today. ... This is a guy who hates Jews and gays. Boy is he in the wrong town. Good luck.And all these world leaders, while theyre in New York city over there at the UN, in their free time, they are doing some shopping. The Japanese premiere, for example, earlier today got a great deal on Morgan Stanley.Actually, John McCain has been now endorsed by Donald trump. Sarah Palin, on the other hand, has been endorsed by LensCrafters.Some hackers hacked into Sarah Palins email. Yep. The same kind of...thing happened to John McCain when somebody broke in and stole his Clapper.Top Ten Questions People Are Asking the John McCain Campaign.Its Sarah Palin -- does this mean Im Parsdent?Cant you solve this by selling some of your homes?Hi, this is Clay Aiken. Is McCain single?Do you still think the fundamentals of our economy are strong, genius?Are you doing all this just to get out of going on Letterman?What would Matlock do?Hillary here -- my schedule is free Friday night.Is this just an excuse to catch up on napping?This is President Bush ? whats all this trouble with the economy?Sen. John McCain was supposed to be on the program tonight, but he had to cancel. He is suspending his campaign because the economy is exploding. But nobody told his vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, who is still circling the theater in the white minivan, waiting to pick him up.After McCain canceled being on the show, he rushed right back to Washington to deal with the economic crisis, and I thought, whoa, well, he sure nipped that in the bud, didnt he?McCain is also canceling the presidential debate on Friday. ... So that means Barack Obama will now have to debate Regis.Yup, John McCain said to me the economy is about to crater. ... You folks worried about the economy? Whoo! Not me. Not me. Ive got all my money in secondhand FEMA trailers.And she was at the General Assembly, Sarah Palin was, and somebody said, Look, over there. Thats the President of Georgia. And Sarah Palin said, Wow, Jimmy Carter.And then Sarah Palin said, Boy, I hope to I get to meet Queen Latifah.You know who else is in town at the UN? Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, and I believe this is his first visit to New York City since his 1970s affair with Barbara Walters.I would like to say a couple of words about Ahmadinejad, those words being short and ugly.Top Ten Surprising Facts About Sarah Palin [Editors Note: Ten residents of Wasilla, Alaska, read the list.]She stole that sexy librarian look from me.Recently passed legislation to build a bridge to Funkytown.Does great impressions of Tina Fey.Favorite meal: Moose nuggets and beaver jerky.Working on a Knight Rider spin-off about a talking snowmobile.Favorite book? The Late Show Fun Facts -- available at fine stores everywhere.Once spent a week in the hospital after attempting to put lipstick on a pit bull.To improve her foreign policy experience, she recently went to the International House of Pancakes.Only person I know whos not afraid to go hunting with Dick Cheney.Youre here on a good night. So far, none of our guests have cancelled.Paris Hilton is on the program tonight, unless she needs to rush to Washington to fix the economy.A lot of people dont know this, but Paris Hilton was actually McCains first choice for running mate.I felt bad about this, because we were all ready to go with John McCain and with an hour to go he cancels. And I was thinking about this. John, John, heres how it works. You dont come to see me, well, we might not see you on Inauguration Day. Thats how it works. You see?McCain wants the presidential debate postponed until after the big government bailout, you know. Sarah Palin wants the vice presidential debate postponed until after the election. But thats a different deal.But you know, John McCain and Sarah Palin were in town all week over at the UN. And he was introducing her to all of the world leaders. It was like Take Your Daughter To Work Day.The president of Pakistan actually told Palin that she was gorgeous. But you know, he said the same thing to Joe Biden, so I dont know what the deal is.I was watching the news on television earlier and George Bush says the economy is in danger. Nothing gets past this guy! Wow!As you know, President Bush has summoned both Obama and McCain to the White House. And what are they going to do, T-ball?Top Ten Surprises in the Presidential Debate:McCain answered every question by cupping his ear and saying, Hows that?Opened with closing statements, closed with opening statements.McCain said he had more fun at the Lincoln-Douglas debates.Everybody was talking about the new Late Show Fun Facts book available at bookstores everywhere.McCain pledged to fill entire cabinet with sassy, underqualified hockey moms.Obama said hell be on next seasons Dancing With The Stars -- this guy will do anything.Both had uncomfortable restroom stories involving Senator Larry Craig.They picked some guy out of the audience from New Jersey to read a Top Ten list.The winner -- Tina Fey.Earlier tonight, the first presidential debate, which was about foreign policy. And my favorite part of the debate was the name that dictator lightning round.But the presidential debate had an unusual format. After blowing a question on Bosnia, John McCain was told to extinguish his torch and leave the island.Actually, McCains big mistake was not knowing the name of French President Sarkozys hot wife.The three presidential debates...will be held in three different states -- Mississippi, New York, and Tennessee. And fortunately, John McCain has a home in each one.You can tell its autumn in New York City. Leaves are falling. Also bonds, stocks, everything.But the economy is in sad shape but good news. President Bush says that he is working hard on the economic problems of this country. Well! Thats good enough for me, ladies and gentlemen.Top Ten Features Of The Rejected $700 Billion Bailout:If this bailout fails, promise of another $700 billion bailout to bailout the bailout.To give Americans a break, this week gas is being lowered to 9 bucks a gallon.For $20 you can bail yourself out with the hilarious Late Show Fun Facts book available now!A billion dollars to rebuild the Mets bullpen.Instead of securities, theyre now called insecurities. Hey, youve been great. Enjoy Richard Lewis.For some reason, Halliburton gets $500 billion.No number 3 -- economy so bad writer sold computer.Everything west of the Mississippi will be sold to China.President Bush must send every American a Sorry Im a dumbass card.Rough day on Wall Street. You went down there; you could see all of the brokers taking a smoke break out on the ledge.A group of...mathematicians have discovered the largest prime number, which has 13 million digits. ... Coincidentally, that is the price tag on the Federal bailout.But President Bush now says that the taxpayers could actually make a profit on this bailout deal. Well, thats good enough for me. Lets go, come on!If you believe President Bush, I have Yankees and Mets World Series tickets.Sen. John McCain is in favor of the bailout. He loves bailouts. He bailed out on me.You folks like celebrity birthdays? You know whose birthday it is today? Kelly Ripa. ... Little known fact about Kelly Ripa -- she was John McCains first choice as a running mate.Top Ten Signs Your Bank Is In Trouble:Once a week, bank president is led away in handcuffs.Four out of five bank tellers are kitties.Was a Savings and Loan; now a Savings and Loan and Chicken Shack.Vault is the trunk of a late model Chevy Malibu.When you check account balance, ATM screen reads, What money, sucka?They tell bank robbers, Sorry, the CEO beat you to it. It makes you laugh and it makes you think, people!They tried to borrow money from you.When you ask where your money is, they say in an adorable Alaska accent, Ill try to find it and Ill bring it to ya!Instead of a mint, teller offers you an anti-depressant.Happy Rosh Hashanah! Its Jewish New Year. Down in Washington DC, a confused George Bush today pardoned a bagel.I guess you heard the news that the House killed the bailout plan. So Washington failed to act? Oh, I didnt see that coming. Wow!Right now the only winner in this economic mess is...vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin, who has all her money in pelts.But...we have the big vice presidential debate coming up on Thursday, and Sarah Palin is busy preparing. Right now, for example, she is practicing her caribou caught in the lights look.Actually, Sarah Palin is currently rehearsing for the debate, but insiders tell me its not going that well because she keeps saying, Id like to buy a vowel, Pat.Yesterday the stock market...suffered its biggest one-day drop in history, falling 777 points. Im telling you, boy, its a good thing John McCain blew me off to go save the economy.Top Ten Things Overheard at Sarah Palins Debate Camp:Can you try saying Yes instead of You betcha?Hey, I can see Mexico from here!Maybe well get lucky and there wont be any questions about Iraq, taxes, or healthcare.Were screwed!Can I just use that lipstick-pit bull thing again?We have to wrap it up for the day -- McCain eats dinner at 4:30.Can we get Congress to bail us out of this debate?John Edwards wants to know if youd like some private tutoring in his van.Any way we can just get Tina Fey to do it?On this date, ladies and gentlemen, in 1881, you know what happened? The New York Stock Exchange moved to a newer, larger location. And earlier today, the stock market moved to a basement apartment in Queens.Do you follow all of the stock indices, like the Dow Jones? ... You take a look at the chart of the Dow Jones, it looks like an OJ Simpson lie detector graph.Hugh Hefner...asked Sarah Palin to pose naked for Playboy magazine. I know, but its quite an honor, honestly. The last vice presidential candidate to be asked to pose naked was Lloyd Bentsen.But Sarah Palin will be in tomorrow nights vice presidential debate, also known as the Debate to Nowhere.Have you been watching the Sarah Palin interview with Katie Couric on the CBS Evening News? Pretty interesting. Sarah Palin could not...remember the name of a newspaper or a magazine that she reads. And I...was thinking, wow, possibly a leader of the country who doesnt read. And then I thought...its worked pretty well for George Bush.But Sarah Palin is nothing if not diligent. Shes working hard on preparing for the debate with Joe Biden. In fact, we just heard that earlier today in Arizona, Sarah Palin shot a donkey.But I dont know if Sarah Palin is ready. You know youre in trouble, debating like this, when your...goal is to do as well as Dan Quayle did.But Sarah Palin is nothing if not savvy. Shes trying to change the...format of the debate. What she wants now is to guess the retail price of stuff. Thats what she would like to do.But Sarah Palin right now is training for tomorrow nights...debate in Arizona. And she says it has really helped her on foreign policy because from Arizona she can see Mexico.Top Ten Surprises in the Vice Presidential Debate:As a welcome to the candidates, St. Louis constructed a special arch to nowhere.To even the playing field, Biden wore stilettos.A confused John McCain kept stumbling onstage asking where he was.Most of discussion was what to do about the Mets.Palin bore a striking resemblance to Mitt Romney in a wig.Only thing the candidates agreed on? The Late Show Fun Facts book: 240 pages of jam-packed hilarity!Bidens insistence that from his house in Delaware he can see Russia.You could hear Hillarys muffled screams from the parking lot.Palin mentioned bombing Iran, Pakistan, and Tina Fey.I hate to bring up a sad, sore topic but how about the economy? I mean, does it stink? The economy is so bad that today, Dick Cheney was waterboarding his stockbroker.The Senate passed the bailout bill after loading it with pork. It just doesnt seem right to me to pass a bill like that on Rosh Hashanah.Have you been watching Sarah Palins interviews with Katie Couric? Last night, Palin told... Couric that she cant name a Supreme Court ruling that she disagrees with. The best she could come up with was the time Judge Judy ruled against the landlord.But Sarah Palin did say she objected to several Paula Abdul rulings on American Idol.But Sarah Palin did say there is one decision that she disagrees with. And that was the decision to do the interview with Katie Couric.But how about that debate earlier tonight, huh? Is it just me or whenever Sarah Palin was asked a question, was there...a long pause? You know, like when you have a foreign correspondent and theres a satellite delay.But...if it gets worse, John McCain has a backup plan. Hes going to dump Sarah Palin and replace her with Bonnie Hunt.But one thing about the vice presidential debate that I really loved was the back and forth arguing on both sides of the issues. And that was just Joe Biden...talking to himself.Say what you will, but I think one of the most embarrassing moments of the whole night was when Joe Biden had to say Oh, oh, Im sorry. I wasnt listening to the question. I was thinking about Sarah naked.And the pundits are already saying that she did fine. ... Yeah, okay, she did fine, but she also was very, very lucky. I mean, come on, there were three moose questions.Top Ten Messages Left On Sarah Palins Answering Machine:Hi, Katie Couric here. Have you thought of a Supreme Court case yet?Hi, its Bill Clinton. Let me know when Todds out of town.My name is Joseph Sixpack -- knock it off.Hi, Katie Couric again -- think of any newspapers yet?Buy the Late Show Fun Facts book. Its a bridge to hilarity.John McCain again; could you pick up my prescriptions?Senator Larry Craig here -- do you have Joe Bidens phone number?McCain again; do you remember where I parked the Straight Talk Express?Its President Bush. If youre at the debate, whos watchin Russia?Are you folks worried about the economy? Kind of grim, dont you think? Well, heres some good news. The bailout plan has been passed after it went from $700 billion to $800 billion, because if the plan cost the taxpayers more, there was a better chance that Congress would vote for it. So thats...what happened there.Anybody see the debate last night? They are saying that Sarah Palin actually did pretty well and that Joe Biden avoided any verbal gaffes. And Im thinking, well, what fun was that?And everybody has been asking me, Dave, did you see the debate last night. And my answer of course, is, you betcha!But you know, you see them standing there together, Palin and Biden, and they looked like the Channel 9 News team, didnt they, a little bit?Before the debate, of course, Sarah Palin goes up to Sen. Biden and says, Is it alright if I call you Joe? And he says, Is it alright if I call you smokin hot!I dont know if you saw this, but Sarah Palins family was sitting in the front row, and halfway through the debate, her future son-in-law made a run for it.And then during the debate, Palin winked, wrinkled her nose, and gave a shout out to a third grade class. That says commander-in-chief to me right there. All of that. You betcha!I dont know what this means, but after the debate, Sarah Palin received a congratulatory call from Bill Clinton. What is that all about? Whats going on there?But they say that Sarah Palin after last night has locked up the vote of the people who pronounce the word nucular.And she kept reaching out to Joe Sixpack. She kept invoking Joe Sixpack. That is because her answers make more sense after six beers.Listen to this, the debate was such a hit that today in Times Square, all of the hookers had their hair in the Sarah Palin beehive.And not only here but the people in Wasilla, Alaska, went crazy as well after Sarah Palins performance last night. In fact, a bunch of rowdy kids went nuts after the debate. They went running around and tipped over a caribou.Top Ten Ways To Make the Financial Crisis More Fun:When Dow Jones drops more than 800 points, every American gets free mozzarella sticks at Applebees.Replace Lehman Brothers with the Wayans Brothers.File for bankruptcy three times and the fourth one is free!Invest half your portfolio in liquor, the other half in strippers.Goodbye repo men, hello repo monkeys.Dont call it a bailout or a rescue, call it a fun-nancial crisis.Put it all on Ball State and give the 16 points.Enjoy blank stare when Katie Couric asks Sarah Palin what FDIC stands for.Hire O.J. and his goons to steal back your money.Should we talk about the stock market? Today, talk about your roller coaster, it dropped 800 points. Whoa, so thank you, bailout rescue plan.Yeah, the economy is going to hell but at least were getting leadership from the White House. Thats the important thing, ladies and gentlemen. Thank God for that!This just in. A backwoods hiker has found the wreckage of John McCains campaign.And now we got like 28 more days and the campaign is getting ugly. ... Barack Obama called John McCain erratic. And in response to those charges, McCain responded by yelling, Turn down that damn music!Are you excited about Sarah Palin? Well, yesterday she referred to Afghanistan as our neighboring country. Yeah. Apparently, she can see bin Ladens cave from her house.And now shes going crazy, Sarah Palin. She is ready to go, she is saying now, the heels are on, and the gloves are off. And thats the kind of thing that used to cost Eliot Spitzer a thousand bucks.Sarah Palin is very feisty and shes upset now with John McCain for pulling out of Michigan. And apparently, McCain is getting on her nerves, so earlier today she called Kelly Ripa...to get some advice for dealing with a geezer.Top Ten Signs Youre Watching A Bad Presidential Debate:Tom Brokaw leaves early to catch 9:15 showing of Beverly Hills Chihuahua.Topics fall into the categories Domestic policy, Foreign policy, and Burt Reynolds films of the 70s.Keep arguing about who has more friends on Facebook.Candidate says, Why you hatin? Other responds, Why you buggin?Its covered by CBS, NBC, ABC, and the Howard 100 News team.Candidates ignore questions and gossip about which Senate pages are sluts.The yodeling competition.Disproportionate amount of questions about The Hills.Its 90 minutes of folksy phrases and winking.Welcome to the Late Show. Im your host, Dave Sixpack.Even Donald Trump is hurting because of the economy. Today, Donald trump took that thing on his head to the pound.But here in the depressing economy, the real winner is OJ Simpson. ... Hes got 25 to life of free room and board.Did you folks see the second presidential debate? It got off to an awkward start when a confused John McCain said to Barack Obama, May I call you Joe?McCain was on stage with a hand microphone, but you could tell he was confused when he started singing Sweet Caroline.I like John McCain. He looks like the guy who thinks hes the neighborhood sheriff, you know? One of those guys. You better tie up those trash bags or were going to get raccoons. Come on. Get em! Were going to get the raccoons.But this presidential debate was held in Nashville, Tennessee, and I think according to Sarah Palin that borders Iraq.Like I said, this was the second presidential debate for John McCain and Barack Obama. Im telling you, ladies and gentlemen, things are really starting to look bad for Hillary.But Hillary Clinton is still around, still getting it done. Hillary Clinton says, America needs to be fixed. America needs to be fixed. And its the same thing she said years ago about Bill.Top Ten Signs The Campaign Is Getting Ugly:Next debate will be moderated by Jerry Springer.McCain keeps referring to opponent as Senator Barack Hussein Obama bin Laden.Sarah Palin says she can see Joe Bidens hair plugs from her house.Desperate attempt to connect Obama to the last eight years of Regis.No number 5 ? economy so bad, write putting everything he owns up on eBay.They have resorted to your Vice Presidents so dumb jokes..Obama claimed McCains irresponsibility caused the 1929 stock market crash ? hes that old, people!Even Dick Cheney thinks theyre being cruel.Obamas gloves are off, McCains teeth are out.Did you watch the debate last night? ... I gave up drinking a while ago, but I started again. And Im watching the debate last night, and I did a shot every time McCain said, My friends. And so I am just blotto.I dont know, what did you think of the debate? Anything? Anything going on there? Im not sure that John McCain actually helped himself. In fact, I think maybe he blew off the wrong show.I kind of got a chuckle out of this. Tom Brokaw was the moderator of the debate, and at one point, Tom tells Obama and McCain that theyre going to now answer questions that came in over the Internet. And you know what McCain said? Tom, is that the same as a telegraph?But they had the...town hall format, and that meant that the candidates could wander around on stage. You know, I like John McCain, but wandering around on stage there, he looked like a retiree who cant find his Buick.Sarah Palin was not mentioned during the debate and did not watch the debate. I thought that was interesting. And they said, Well, Sarah, why ? Im sorry, Miss Alaska -- why didnt you...watch the debate? And she said, Well, Im busy reading every newspaper and magazine ever published.And then there was one kind of unpleasant moment for Barack Obama when that woman jumps up. Did you see that, where the woman jumps up? And Barack Obama is momentarily taken aback. And he said, All right, look, I told you, maam, I already have a running mate. Now please sit down, Hillary.Beautiful day in New York City today, where it was 73 and sunny. John McCain, 73 and cranky.I like John McCain. He looks like a guy would you see wandering around Walgreens looking for the dye gel.John McCain looks like the guy at Home Depot who mixes paint.Things are really getting nasty in the campaign. ... Listen to this. Today, John McCain tried to link Barack Obama to the Chicago Cubs.Sarah Palin...is saying that she doesnt know who Barack Obama really is. ... Well thats interesting because she also doesnt know who Sarkozy is, Gordon Brown, Kim Jong Il, Hugo Ch?vez, Vladimir Putin, Osama bin laden, the list goes on and on.Ladies and gentlemen, the Bush Administration is taking over the banks. So, hey -- crisis over!Heres another sign that the economy is in bad shape. Earlier today, Vice President Cheney took his stockbroker hunting.Congratulations to Bill and Hillary Clinton this weekend, 33rd wedding anniversary. And you thought the Iraqi war was a never ending conflict.Hillary Clinton is celebrating 35 years of marriage to Bill, or as Hillary likes to call it, the bridge to nowhere.Barack Obama has purchased his own satellite TV station to run campaign commercials. Meanwhile, John McCains VCR is still blinking 12:00.Sarah Palin looks like a lady with her own line of cookies.Top Ten Surprises In The Sarah Palin Troopergate Investigation Report:Terminated her hairstylist after receiving a bad beehive.Palin claims she hasnt seen this kind of misuse of justice since Supreme Court case of... umm, lemme think of one here.In her adult life has never gone more than ten minutes without saying, You betcha!No number 6 -- writer looking for his hairbrush.Reports conclusion: Hey, at least she didnt shoot a guy like Cheney!Spent 8 weeks in rehab for addiction to lip gloss.When asked to respond to charges said, Instead of answering your question, Im going to talk about energy.Printed in extra-large font so McCain can read it.Palins excuse: It wasnt me, it was Tina Fey.A lot of things on sale on Columbus Day. ... You can get a good deal on a dining room set, mattresses, General Motors.President Bush, I think he said this in his weekly radio address, he said about the economic crisis, President Bush said, Its a good thing Im in charge. And I know thats what were all thinking.But Bush...says hes going to tweak the financial package. Hes going to tweak the financial bailout. Thats what hes doing now. Hes tweaking that financial bailout. Thats like the captain of the Titanic tweaking the brunch menu.Bush...is trying to reassure Americans that things are going to get better soon. And I was thinking well sure, in three months hell be out of office.Sarah Palin, John McCains running mate, over the weekend she went to Philadelphia and dropped the first puck for the beginning of the NHL season. And I thought well, I bet she probably needed a break, had to get away from reading every newspaper and magazine. Because...you dont even know how much time that takes.you can tell every now and then that Sarah Palin spends a lot of time in Alaska, because when after she dropped the first puck at the hockey game, she cut a hole in the ice and began to fish.The third presidential debate is Wednesday night, and John McCain says hes going to win. ... Of course, he also told Custer the surge was working.Top Ten Top Ten Ways John McCain Can Turn It Around:Inspire America by jumping Straight Talk Express over Snake River Canyon.Change name to Jorack McBama.Start wearing a cape.Step one: send Bin Laden free tickets to Giants game. Step two: when he shows up in East Rutherford, New Jersey expecting to enjoy some big blue smashmouth football: gotcha sucka!Sizzling tango with Cloris Leachman on Dancing with the Stars.Put more effort into budget plan, less effort into Facebook status updates.Point out his steady leadership got us through the Great Depression.Assure voters the only poll that matters is in his pants.Get Sarah Palin to illegally fire herself.This economy is crazy. Are you with me on that one? This is what I saw today. I saw a Lehman Brothers executive walking around town wearing a sign that read, Will work for a seven-figure bonus.Yesterday at the White House -- you know, George Bush is still our President for a couple of more months -- and yesterday down in Washington in the White House, he met with Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi, but Bush kept calling him Boy-R-Dee. It was awful.Russia apparently has test-fired long-range ballistic missiles. ... At least thats what Sarah Palin says she saw from her house.Theyre saying that when Sarah Palin is speaking, she blinks her eyes. People believe that those are coded messages, and Im a conspiracy nut. So I got a hold of a tape of a recent campaign appearance, and I slowed it down. And if you translate the blinks to Morse code, sure enough, right there it says, Vote for Grandpa.Did you hear what happened at a rally yesterday? Sarah Palin mistook some of her supporters for hecklers. You know, confusion happens in all walks of life. For example, a few weeks ago, John McCain mistook her for a legitimate candidate. It happens.Tomorrow night is the final presidential debate, and John McCain is going to take this opportunity to unveil his new campaign persona, his new campaign personality, to really energize the last couple of weeks of the campaign: Fighting underdog. ... And if that doesnt work, then hes going to go to sadistic yard bull.Ill tell you one thing about John McCain, the guy is an optimist. He sees the glass as half full...of his teeth.Hey, ladies and gentlemen, I got an update on Vice President Dick Cheney. He was admitted to a hospital earlier today for an abnormal heart rhythm. But hes doing fine. Hes okay. Hes already sitting up, sneering at nurses, and and hell be out shooting hunting buddies again soon.How about that Senator Barack Obama? ... Hes going door to door, knocking on doors, and I dont know if he changed any votes, but today he came home with a big bag of Halloween candy.But it was a little embarrassing when Obama rang the doorbell at two of McCains houses.The third presidential debate took place in our neck of the woods, out on Long Island. Topics they covered: Economy, foreign policy, and Billy Joels ex-wives.I watched the debate, and, honestly, there was no question...who looked more presidential. Bob Schieffer.But...theyre going right down to the wire here. You have Barack Obama and you have John McCain. And...what a soap opera this has become. Its the Old & The Restless.Did you notice how energetic and aggressive John McCain was during the debate? I mean, I think somebody added Red Bull to his Mylanta.Every debate has an embarrassing moment where one of the candidates gets confused, and it happened again earlier tonight. The candidates were sitting at desks -- that was the new breakthrough, sitting at desks -- and John McCain kept asking about a senior discount on the Grand Slam Breakfast.What is exciting me now are all these twists and turns and nuances to campaign strategies. For example, tonight, John McCain unveiled his new campaign personality, his new campaign persona -- fighting underdog. ... Now, if that doesnt work, hes going to rogue cop.And if that doesnt work, McCain will try domineering stage mother.And if that doesnt work, McCain will go with deformed bell ringer.And if that doesnt work, McCain will test out cavalry commander who breaks the treaty with Cochise.How about the Sarah Palin? Do you like Sarah Palin? Shes exciting. Shes interesting, isnt she? For example, at tonights presidential debate, she was blinking McCains answers in code.Top Ten Messages Left On Joe The Plumbers Answering Machine:Joe Six Pack calling; what are you trying to pull?Sorry, wrong number. I was looking for Larry the Cable Guy.Dude -- did you get to meet Fannie Mae?This is Sarah Palin. Do you consider yourself a maverick plumber?You had a better night than Joe the Dodgers manager.This is Bob Schieffer. Hijack one of my debates again and Ill bust your kneecaps with a pipe wrench.Joe, you gotta get a copy of this Late Show Fun Facts book -- its hilarious!Its Brian from the Late Show. Are you available tonight if McCain cancels?Its Madonna. Are you seeing anybody?Boy, you folks are here on a great night and I will tell you why. The entire balcony is filled with state troopers fired by Sarah Palin.By the way, Im your host of the program. Im Dave the plumber.I guess I dont need to tell you folks that...Senator John McCain is our guest tonight. Yeah, maybe I wont show.How many of you saw the debate last night out there on Long Island. ... I want to tell you, it was a different John McCain, wasnt it? He was electric. He electrified the crowd. And afterwards, Cloris Leachman tossed him her hotel key.The first debate was podiums. ... Then he had they had the town hall format, and last night it was desks. At the next debate, competitive eating.But there was lots of talk in the debate last night about Joe the Plumber. ... Do you remember him from the 60s Drano commercials? And I think hes also the one who ordered the hit on Sammy the Bull.Joe the Plumber is such a celebrity now that after the debate he was rushed to Washington to unclog a valve on Dick Cheney.Everybody in New York City has Joe the Plumber fever? ... I mean, even the Statue of Liberty was holding a plunger, honestly.It was interesting last night during the debate. At one point, John McCain brings up Barack Obamas relationship with 60s radical William Ayers. And then Barack Obama brings up McCains relationship with John Brown at Harpers Ferry. I thought -- wow!You know who was at the debate last night? Hillary Clinton. But I am thinking to myself, is it a really good idea to be leaving Bill home alone?Senator John McCain was on the program last night. And I dont know about this. He kept referring to me as that one.Maybe you saw the debate on Wednesday night, where McCain unveiled his new personality. He has a new personality. The new personality is fighting underdog.And if that doesnt work, the next one is going to be tyrannical sea captain.And if that doesnt work, fun loving gaucho.And if that doesnt work, expatriate saloon owner.And if that doesnt work, debonair riverboat gambler.And if that doesnt work, cruise ship gigolo.And if that doesnt work, heartless press agent.And if that doesnt work, randy stable boy.How about the new Oliver Stone motion picture that opened today, W.? Yes, and I want to tell you something. If there is one thing I cant get enough of, its the Bush family.Im proud to say that Im actually in W. .. I play the guy who gets peppered with shotgun by Dick Cheney.You know when you have a movie like that about a guy who is alive, you wonder if they took some liberties with the truth. In one scene, I dont know if this is accurate or not, President Bush is seen actually reading a national security memo. And I thought, now, is that -- I dont know.And then actor Josh Brolin said it was tough going before cameras and pretending to be a president and -- no, wait a minute. That was Bush. Bush...said that.Top Ten n Sarah Palin Excuses For Spending $150,000 On Clothes:The old man spends more on Polident.Auditioning to be Paris Hiltons BFF.Wanted to impress the American voters in the evening gown competition.Maverick, Joe the plumber, maverick, maverick, William Ayers, you betcha!I fell for the liberal retailers gotcha sales tactics.Because the dollar is so weak, its really like I only spent $50,000.Hmm...excuses? Ill find some and Ill get right back to ya!In addition to every newspaper and magazine, I also read every catalog.The difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull: lipstick, Prada shoes, a Gucci handbag, and a few $3,000 suits.Sarah Palin spent $150,000 on clothes, but she has an even higher tab at LensCrafters.Dont get me wrong. Sarah Plain is a very frugal woman. In Alaska, she makes all of her clothes out of pelts.But Sarah Palin doesnt shop at low-end stores. ... As a matter of fact, she thinks Old Navy is John McCains nickname.Sarah Palin spent yesterday campaigning with Elisabeth Hasselbeck from The View. John McCain, meanwhile, spent yesterday looking for his slippers.But they say that McCain insiders...are calling Sarah Palin an out of touch diva. They say Palin has a quick temper and ignores her staff. Its like I have a twin.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is...rumored to be ill. And hes in the hospital today. His condition has been downgraded from serious to ugly.But they say Ahmadinejad is exhausted from overwork. And you know, thank God that will never happen to George Bush.Hillary Clinton turned 61...yesterday. How about that? Hillary and Bill shared a quiet birthday dinner, followed by a quiet breakfast, followed by a quiet lunch.By the way, if you want to get Hillary a gift, you cant go wrong with a gift certificate from Bed, Bath and Bitterness.On this date in 1929, the stock market plunged 13%. ... Boy, those were the good old days, huh?Alaskan authorities were tipped off to Stevens activities by Russians whod been watching with binoculars.One week from today, the presidential election will be held. As a matter of fact, earlier this morning down in Florida, they unloaded the crooked voting machine, so theyre in mid-season form.But we have the elections next week and then the winner of that election meets Hillary in the finals.But heres how it works. Election is Tuesday, and then Wednesday is the first day of Sarah Palins 2012 campaign.McCain staffers are saying that Sarah Palin has turned into a diva and is making diva demands. Heres what theyre talking about. A couple of days ago, LensCrafters...had to stay open after hours so Sarah could shop alone.And today, Sarah Palin hit a speechwriter with her cell phone.Listen to this. I just got my 2009 Sarah Palin calendar, which has exciting, sexy photos of Sarah Palin. In one of them, I think its February, she is holding a soapy sponge, scrubbing a moose.Hey, hey, hey! Hey, please, settle down. Youll frighten Regis Philbin, who is on the show tonight. ... You know Regis, right? Regis is the old cranky guy with the hot babe who is not running for president.They...say that there may be some friction between John McCain and Sarah Palin. Staffers suspected that there was something wrong when McCain started referring to Sarah Palin as that one.Heres what happened. They say that recently, on a campaign bus trip, John McCain actually snubbed Sarah Palin. But to be fair to McCain, Palin was busy...shooting squirrels outside the buss rear window at the time.Do you like John McCain and Sarah Palin together? Its fun to see them. Yeah. They remind me of a couple of cruise ship grifters.McCain looks like the old guy taking his secretary to Las Vegas, doesnt he, a little bit?Earlier tonight, Barack Obama had a half-hour television special, which cost a lot of money. In fact, they say it was the most money spent by a Democrat for a half an hour since Eliot Spitzer.Its a little cold and windy outside, isnt it today? ... Its so cold today that Sarah Palin was putting ChapStick on a pit bull.John McCain was on Larry Kings show last night, and it got kind of awkward when Larry had to tell John McCain that 72% of his ex-wives were for Obama.But on that show, Larry King and John McCain looked like two guys who would be fighting over Cloris Leachman.And have you seen Sarah Palin and John McCain. I mean if you look at them, its kind of interesting. He looks like the elderly husband who would have her followed by a private detective. A little bit, dont you think?But...heres what I like about John McCain. Hes an optimist. ... Always sees the glass as half full...of his teeth.And how about last night, when Barack Obama had his half hour infomercial TV special. I mean, thank God! Its about time this guy got some media coverage, dont you think?But...I thought it was one of those heartwarming infomercials. It had a wonderful ending. In the final scene Barack Obama is adopted by Angelina Jolie.And...did you hear what happened down in Washington, DC, earlier today? Guards had to wrestle and apprehend an intruder who was trying to jump over the White House fence. Nice try, Hillary.Everybody is in the Halloween spirit. I love that. Even the Democratic presidential candidate changed his name. Hes now Barack-O-Lantern.You know what I like about Halloween is bobbing for apples, or as Dick Cheney likes to call it, apple boarding.Halloween is the dead walking among the living. Thats what Halloween is. You know, they come back the life and theyre dead, but theyre walking around. No, wait a minute, thats the McCain campaign.Congratulations to everybody who ran the New York City Marathon yesterday. ... And a special congratulations to this years winner, Joe the runner.Tomorrow marks the end of the presidential campaign, and Sarah Palin decided to celebrate early by charging one last $1,500 blouse to the campaign.By the way, theyre still out campaigning. John McCain was campaigning in Florida today. He was at the Wal-Mart, working the antacid aisle.But endorsements are important in a campaign, even as late as we where now. ... And John McCain was endorsed by Dick Cheney. Yeah. So things just keep getting better and better for Barack Obama.Im no pundit, Im no expert, but McCain needed Cheneys endorsement like I need more Lehman Brothers stock.How about that Hillary. Shes all upset because the McCain campaign has been making robocalls that use a recording of her criticizing Barack Obama. Hillary is furious because she wanted to make those calls herself.Theyre saying now that weather could play a huge part in the campaign. ... For example, in order for McCain to win tomorrow, hell has to freeze over.Today, Barack Obama campaigned in Florida and Virginia. McCain also campaigned in two states, panic and desperation.But I have a campaign prediction. And...like I say, Im not a pundit and I dont like doing this and I hate to go out on a limb. But I have one prediction Im confident about. President Bush will win the unpopular vote.Attention passengers, the Straight Talk Express is no longer in service.But I would like to say one thing to Sen. John McCain. Listen, Senator, you dont show up for me, America doesnt show up for you.But Republicans had a bad night all around. ... Even the crooked voting machines in Florida broke down.But right about now, Joe the plumber is meeting with his transition team. Theyre going to help ease him from obscurity back to oblivion.How about Sarah Palin, ladies and gentlemen? She is on her way back to Alaska, and Im thinking, oh, I wouldnt want to be a moose now.But on the bright side, at least now Tina Fey can spend Saturdays with her family again.Did you see the concession speech last night? John McCain was generous, he was gracious, he was statesmanlike, and I was thinking, well, he should have tried that earlier.By the way, McCains concession speech last night was so effective, so positive that he shot up 4 points in the polls.During the concession speech, every time that McCain would mention Barack Obama, people booed. ... And finally, McCain could not ignore it any longer, and he had to stop the speech. He said, All right, thats enough, Hillary.People all over the world...are celebrating Barack Obamas victory. In fact, Sarah Palin watched the Russians celebrating from her house.Welcome to the show. You folks are in a remarkable good mood today. And considering the economy, doesnt that make you sick?The hookers in New York City are offering their Obama special. $50 and you get change.Now that the election is over, people around the world are hoping that America will be less arrogant. Yeah. Ah, who the hell cares what those foreigners think?Barack Obama hits the ground running. He is already naming people to be part of the staff. He picked a guy Rahm Emanuel...Rahm Emanuel, is that the holiday the writers are always taking off?Right about now, John McCain is at home saying, If only I didnt anger Dave, if only I didnt anger Dave.And Obama believes that the election results gave him a mandate -- a mandate, that is what got that Senator Larry Craig in trouble, wasnt it?The Obama family looking for a White House dog. And you are going to think this is crazy. Earlier today the Beverly Hills Chihuahua dropped off his picture and resume.The Obamas want to adopt a stray dog from the pound. And I think that is admirable. I believe the last president to bring a stray dog into the White House got impeached.They picked up a stray and what they are going to do, the Obamas are going it to have the stray clipped, groomed and blow-dried. The same thing the Republicans did with Sarah Palin.Sarah Palin has not taken the defeat well. And it must be true because today before shooting a moose she pistol whipped it.Some kind of a woman, some kind of a whack job passenger on the American Airlines or United Airlines flight to Chicago was going crazy. And finally she got so bad that the flight attendants took a roll of duct tape and took the woman and duct taped her right to her seat. Duct taped -- hysterical woman, duct taped it her right to her seat. Please try to get over this, Hillary. Please try to get over this.Top Ten things George W. Bush Wants To Accomplish While Still In Office:Get Cheney a goodbye defibrillator.Challenge Lincolns ghost to rassle.Host farewell mixer for the detainees at Gitmo.Now that hes got nothing to lose, nail a hefty intern.Cement his legacy with a two month vacation.Put Chuck Norris on the nickel.See if Obama can take over sooner, like Tuesday.Get Condi laid.Hasnt he done enough already?Well, its Friday and the lines at the polls are finally getting shorter. Thats good news.Heres what I dont understand. The election was held Tuesday, and still 6.5% of Americans are undecided. Can you believe that?You know, Obama won but they still havent broken it to McCain. Thats what I heard. Did you hear the same thing?I feel bad for John McCain. I guess that endorsement from Dick Cheney came a little too late.Do you folks miss the campaign a little bit? Heres what I miss. I miss the sexy robo-calls from Sarah Palin.By the way, dont worry about Sarah Palin. Shes already back to selling Mary Kay products, so shes going to be fine.President Bush is getting ready to move out of the White House. In fact, he spent all...day today in the supply room, stealing stationery.And this is sad. You hate hearing about this, but staffers are saying that John McCain is depressed. And I think there is something true to the story, because I heard today that he had made an appointment with Joe the therapist.Today is Veterans Day. John McCain laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Plumber.John McCain is great by the way. Hes back at his full-time job, yelling at people who park in front of his house.I thought when the election was finished, Sarah Palin would go back to Alaska and we might not hear from her again. I couldnt be more wrong. She was on the Today show cooking the other day. ... Sure, she reads all the cook books, so she knows what shes doing.But now we see some bitterness, we see back biting, and Sarah Palin is saying that the reason they lost the election is the media. ... Well, yeah, because its their fault that she entered beauty contests instead of a library.Youre not going to believe this. Bushs approval rating has dropped to an historic low. And Im telling you now, this guy has really got his work cut out for him for his third term.Heres good news. The Bush Presidency is covered under the lemon law, so that means we could be getting our money back.President-elect Barack Obama announced hes moving into the White House with his family, including his mother-in-law. ... A mother-in-law in the White House? ... I thought this was the Administration that was against torture.You know the Secret Service that follows the candidates around and stuff? They have nicknames for the people that they work with, like Barack Obama, whose Secret Service nickname is Renegade. ... John McCain, I think they called him Maverick. And President Bushs Secret Service nickname is Occupant.Yesterday was a big day because George Bush graciously invited President-elect Barack Obama to the White House. Obama thought for a minute he was getting a 21-gun salute, but it turned out it was just Cheney fooling around.The Post Office may lay off 4,000 workers. Yeah, 4,000 workers. Unless those layoff notices get lost in the mail, and then all bets are off.Egyptian archaeologists have discovered a 4300-year-old pyramid. ... And Im thinking, theres yet another house John McCain forgot about.This is an exciting time in Washington. Barack Obama is very busy. He is meeting with his advisors and picking out a cabinet. Meanwhile, John McCain is at Applebees, blowing on his soup.Barack Obama says hell be living in the White House with his family, his two daughters and his wife, and his mother-in-law. ... Yeah, he may want to rethink closing Guantanamo, you know what I mean?Top Ten Highlights Of The Dick Cheney/Joe Biden Meeting:It was 3 hours of Guitar HeroBiden gave Cheney the number for his hair plug guy.Enjoyed a nice lunch interrupted by two shotgun blasts and a heart attack.Lynne Cheney blinking out in Morse code ? Help me. Help me. Help me.Cheney had to leave early to get Bushs head unstuck from a microwave oven.Had a heart attack during a heart attack.They agreed the Late Show Fun Facts book may just be the thing to bring this country together.For about 20 minutes, Cheneys pacemaker got HBO.Upon seeing Biden, Cheney muttered, I was hoping for the Alaskan broad.Joe Biden got together today with Dick Cheney and the girls, the ladies, the wives, they all had dinner. And the meal went great. I mean, they only had to shock Cheney back to life twice.And at one point during this meeting, Joe Biden turns to Cheney and he says, Dick, tell me, what is it like being second-in-command? And Cheney said, Hell, I dont know, ask Bush.How about that Sarah Palin? She could be appearing on Desperate Housewives, and when John McCain heard about this, he went to his staff and he said, I would kind of like to be on Bonanza.But Sarah Palin is trying to be bipartisan. She said she actually wants to help Barack Obama. And I said, Well, hasnt she helped him enough already?Barack Obama has chosen Rahm Emanuel to be his chief of staff. Obama is also bringing in Madeleine Albright to be part of the transition team. So now, it looks like what Barack Obama is doing, hes just bringing back all our favorites from the Clinton Administration, you know, except for that heavyset intern.On this date in 2000, former President Bill Clinton became the first president since the Vietnam War to visit Vietnam. ... At least thats where he told Hillary he was going.Barack Obama and his family are still looking for a dog for the White House. I hear the...Beverly Hills Chihuahua is on the short list.And earlier in the week, you know, this is historic when you think about it, President-elect Barack Obama went to the White House for a tour with George Bush, President-inept.Not much of a tour. At one point, George Bush pointed out the window and said, Over there, thats where we play tee ball. And that was it.But the Bushes are packing up. This is eight years theyve lived in the White House, and this is interesting. Theyre going to be gone in January, and the $4 billion moving contract went to Halliburton.Earlier tonight, right here on CBS, a very popular show...called The Ghost Whisperer aired. And in tonights episode, the Ghost Whisperer was surrounded by walking dead. You know, Republicans.Listen to this, AARP, American association of retired people, you know what Im talking about? Yeah. Theyre talking now, because of financial reasons, that there may be a ? they may merge with AAA. ... And if they do, it will be a brand-new organization that helps people who own old cars.You folks going to the movies this weekend? Go see the new James Bond movie. The plot of the...movie is fantastic. In this movie, Bond retires and turns his spy business over to his idiot son, James W. Bond.Top Ten Good Things About Being Named James Bond: 1. President Bush keeps calling me about capturing Bin Laden.How about this? Theyre talking about Hillary Clinton maybe becoming secretary of State. She takes that job, it means she will be spending a lot of time away from home, so today she took out her pantsuit with the travel stickers...and then she bought an electronic ankle bracelet for Bill.Now this is a tough process because when they are going to appoint to you a Cabinet level position. It is a vetting...process that involves a questionnaire. And there was some trouble because they filled out the questionnaire, running the check on Hillary. Listen to this. Turns out she was married to a guy who was once impeached.Everybody is kind of making up and getting back together. Senator McCain and President-elect Barack Obama even got together and had a nice visit. And...Obama thanked McCain for choosing that nutty Alaskan chick.And then...Obama said to McCain, Hey, Im catching up with you. I just got a second home.President-elect Barack Obama now, while he is the President, he cant use his...Blackberry. ... Fortunately the good news for John McCain, he can continue to use the Clapper.Heres something about New York City. You are going to have trouble believing it, but its true. New York City is overrun with raccoons. ... Its so bad, they are thinking about bringing in Sarah Palin.Top Ten Things Overheard During Barack Obamas Meeting With John McCain:I know a guy who would be a perfect Secretary of Plumbing.What is the deal with that Alaskan babe?Lets wrap this up; Wheel of Fortunes on.Seriously, what was the deal with that Alaskan babe?Actually, its now the Straight Talk Express and Girls Gone Wild bus.Uh John, this isnt another debate.Wheres the soup? Someone said thered be soup!I know Im trailing by 192 electoral votes two weeks after the election, but Ive got you right where I want you!Maybe youd be President-elect if you hadnt crossed Letterman.Cold here in New York City today, so cold...that Sarah Palin spent $150,000 on mittens.How about that Sarah Palin? ... A lot of people said, What will happen to her when she goes back to being the governor of Alaska? Dont worry. Book deal, $7 million. She got it through a guy named Joe the Publisher.And they said, Well, how about writing a book? She said, You betcha. As long as I dont have to read it.Seven million dollars. So maybe now she can afford her own clothing.Thanksgiving just around the corner. Do you feel like Thanksgiving, folks? You know, its a time when people can do nice things for others who are less fortunate. I hope youre planning on doing something for people less fortunate. For example, if you get the opportunity, if you have your Thanksgiving dinner, invite a Lehman brother.President Bush is opening up more air space for travel during Thanksgiving. ... Youre saying, What exactly are you talking about? Im talking about air space. You know, like between his ears.John McCain and Barack Obama met yesterday. You know, theyre going to bury the hatchet. In politics, they call that reaching across the aisle. ... Usually when John McCain reaches across the aisle, its to grab the Metamucil.Barack Obama, like many people, uses a Blackberry, but the Secret Service says this is a security hazard, so they took it away. Im thinking, well, this is not fair. George Bush, do they let him keep his Gameboy? Whats the problem?Barack Obama is putting his team together to take over the Administration. So far, hes got his mother-in-law, who is going to be living with him, and they are talking about Hillary for secretary of State. You have your mother-in-law and Hillary Clinton. Sounds like smooth sailing to me.Is it chilly outside today? ... Im telling you, coming to work today, it was so cold, I was...shaking like Sarah Palin taking a geography test.The annual People magazine Worlds Sexiest Man issue is on the stands today. Hugh Jackman, sexiest man alive. But this is odd -- Al Franken is demanding a recount.Are you excited about Hillary Clinton? It looks like shell be named Secretary of State. Theyre talking about that. And shell also receive the home version of the presidency and some other wonderful prizes.Do you like those al Qaeda guys? Theyre creepy, arent they, those al Qaeda guys? And theyre taunting us now. And this guy, al-Zawahiri, hes like the second guy in charge, he released one of those wise guy, smart alecky audio tapes. In it, he condemns the United States, just flat, right across the board. And at the end, he wants to know if he can get some of that sweet Federal bailout money.The Bush daughters...invited the Barack kids to take a tour of the White House. Thats sweet, dont you think? So the Bush girls are showing the Obama girls around, and at one point, one of the little Obama daughters saw something in the corner and said, Oh, you read comic books, too. And the Bush twins said, No, those are Dads.Little cold outside today, kids? Well, so much for your global warming, you know what Im saying.John McCain announced today that he is beginning his 2010 senatorial campaign. And Im thinking, wow! Two more years of a John McCain campaign, hey, cut me a slice of that!But there are some nice aspects during the transition period. For example, the Bush twins gave the Obama girls a tour of the White House. It was very sweet, but the Obama girls got really scared because they heard creepy organ music coming from Cheneys underground lair.And then the Bush twins grabbed a candle and took the kids on a tour of Cheneys torture chamber.Bill Clinton, what a stand-up guy. He went to Barack Obama and he said he will do anything to help Hillary become secretary of State. He said, Look, Ill remove my profile from eHarmony.com.And hes going to place all his interns in a blind trust.Well, heres some exciting television news. Tomorrow night, Ashley Dupre, who was involved with former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer, will be interviewed tomorrow night on 20/20. Unless of course she has to rush back to Washington to fix the economy.But were...coming out of the last few weeks, days of the President Bush Administration, and President Bush is changing a lot of laws so youve got to keep your eye on him. And what hes doing now, one of the things that really upsets me, hes taken a lot of things, a lot of stuff, off the endangered species list. Do you know what Im talking about? Do you like endangered species? Well, so I do. I had one for lunch.But Ill tell you, this taking things of the endangered species list is bad, its really bad. In fact, it is really bad news for that thing on Donald Trumps head.The department stores, this holiday season, are laying off...Santa Clauses. So, more bad news for John McCain.Barack Obama is busy moving into the White House. Earlier today, John McCain was blowing on his soup.Sarah Palin...may get a $7 million book deal. She is very excited because she claims she can see Barnes & Noble from her house.But she...got a tremendous deal. And she got a great guy working on the deal, Joe the agent.Thanksgiving, just around the corner. You can tell its Thanksgiving because they turn on the TV this morning, there is The Rachel Ray Show, and there is Sarah Palin stuffing a moose.But you know, its a great time of year to help the people less fortunate than we are. So this Thanksgiving, if you can, why not bring home a Lehman brother?Happy birthday to senior senator from New York, Chuck Schumer. Today is Chuck Schumers birthday. So thats why banks and schools are closed.Heres some fascinating historical info. On this date in 1620, pilgrims landed on Plymouth Rock and immediately applied for a government bailout.Top Ten Sarah Palin Excuses [For Turkey Pardoning Controversy]: 10. I can see Russia, but I cant see whats going on five feet behind me. 9. Not thinking straight after spending all night reading every newspaper and magazine. 8. Damn gotcha media got me again! 7. My Remington shotgun says I dont need an excuse. 6. Those were Al Qaeda turkeys. 5. I thought they were just torturing the little guy. 4. I mean, doggonit, you know, like we have to lower taxes, and like, it all falls under job security, and we need to drill, you know? 3. Uh, stomach flu? 2. Ill get right back to ya! Im still adorable, America. 1. Dont blame me! Blame Joe the Turkey Slaughterer!I guess Sarah Palin is back in Alaska, where she pardoned some turkeys for Thanksgiving. So she pardons them and then right behind her, someone kills some turkeys, and it was gruesome. I honestly havent seen a slaughter like that since November 4.I heard today that the federal government was raising, like, $40 billion to bail out Citigroup. ... Honestly, when you think about it, who doesnt really feel sorry for credit card companies?NASA has developed a urine machine that will convert urine into water. Well, guess what? Its on the blink. And you thought the coffee was bad where you work.And down in Washington, DC, the Capitol Hill Christmas tree arrived. And there is no surprise here. You know, theyve got to decorate the tree. So the contract to decorate the tree, a $10 billion ornament contract, went to Halliburton.Hillary Clinton is going to be secretary of State in the Obama Administration. Well, political insiders are now saying that Barack and Hillary actually have a good working relationship, but they...dont have a close personal relationship. ... No, wait a minute, thats Hill and Bill.Top Ten Signs President Bush Doesnt Care Anymore: 10. Hasnt taken off his Iron Man costume since Halloween. 9. The menu for the White House Thanksgiving dinner? Corn dogs and Beefaroni. 8. Drew a picture of Garfield on Dick Cheneys bald head. 7. Hes barely trying to ruin the economy anymore. 6. Spent the entire weekend in the Oval Office pardoning himself. 5. Saw Osama at Arbys drive-thru but didnt feel like chasing him. 4. Spends cabinet meetings scanning classifieds for next job. 3. Primary focus is surpassing Hank Paulsons high score on Guitar Hero. 2. Asking Obama, How soon can you bail me out of the White House? 1. Started dating hefty interns.Listen to this, a guy in North Carolina, a mailman, a Federal employee, a postal worker, was arrested and put in jail. You know why? He would deliver regular mail, but he wouldnt deliver junk mail. They got the guy, they arrested him, and they put him in prison. We got that guy, but still no word on bin Laden.Finally we got some good news about the economy. Barack Obama got $800 billion to rescue the economy. ... All I can say is, Thank you, Oprah.That Obama...is a smart, hard-working guy. And he has promised now to stabilize the economy, going to rebuild the infrastructure, create millions of new jobs, catch bin Laden. President Bush said, Uh, you can do that?A lot of people have forgotten about President Bush, but this transitional period is a busy time for President Bush as well. Hes busy granting pardons. ... Today, he pardoned Sarah Palin for her interview with Katie Couric.And tomorrow, President Bush will...pardon turkeys. This year, I think you know the turkeys, the Lehman brothers.Heres what I dont like about the turkeys this year, theyre arrogant. These turkeys that theyre going to pardon this year, theyre arrogant. Theyre flying in from Detroit on their private jets.But right now, right this very minute, Dick Cheney is waterboarding the turkeys.Hey, you know today is the busiest shopping day of the year. How about that, huh? And good news for the economy: So far, four shoppers have shown up.Let me give you an idea how desperate the economy is here in New York City. It is so desperate, the crack dealers...are now offering free nachos.I will tell you something, I will take money where I can get it. And I think...Im coming into some dough by the end of the year. ... I bet a friend of mine that by New Years Eve, the Dow Jones will be lower than my cholesterol.Hey, how about that Thanksgiving Day Parade. ... And of course, the culmination is the arrival of Santa and his elves. And tomorrow, as a matter of fact, theyre going down to Washington to try to get some of that bailout money.And I have talked about this before, but Thanksgiving at the Letterman house is like a Guantanamo interrogation with pie.You know Donald trump? He had a great Thanksgiving. President Bush pardoned that thing on his head.Well, the Big Three, as you know, are not selling as many cars and they have got to pay those big union payments. So they went to the government looking for some of that sweet Federal bailout money. But instead of the bailout, they should apply for farm subsidies, you know, because of all the lemons they produced over the years.Let me just say a word about these jokes that I am telling right now, ladies and gentlemen. Like President-elect Obama says, Its going to get worse before it gets better.How about this Barack Obama, President-elect Barack Obama. ... Bush ought to take his last two months worth of paychecks and give them to Barack Obama, because hes working harder than the President. Hes come up with a great initiative to create 2.5 million jobs for Americans. ... Kind of the catch is we all have to move to China.Heres something that is funny and also serious and not so funny at the same time but mostly funny. Barack Obama...smokes cigarettes. And he has tried to quit. And he quit but every now and then hes got to -- you know. ... Its hard to break old habits but it can be done. For an example, a couple of years ago, President Bush quit working. So, it can be done.But the President-elect says that he still will smoke occasionally. ... And I remember on Election Day when he smoked John McCain, so its true.But Obama says that sometimes the urge is so strong he really cant control himself and he just has to have one. And he -- no, wait, that was President Clinton. Thats a different deal.I love New York City, especially at the holidays. And speaking of the holidays, today, Sarah Palin went out and shot a Norway spruce.Heres a great story, because we had some trouble with our governor a couple of months ago, Governor Spitzer. Well, now, the governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, has been arrested. ... He wanted $150,000 to name somebody to replace senator Barack Obama as the senator from Illinois. Isnt that crazy? Yeah. One count of bribery, also one count of fraud, and also one count of blagojeviching.Spitzer was a lot more fun and a lot easier to say, too.Yeah, when former New York Governor Elliott Spitzer heard about Governor Blagojevich, he said, Hey, you call that a scandal? No, I dont think so.Well, it looks like the Big Three auto makers are going to get some bailout money. ... But the CEOs, these guys, they have promised when they get the bailout money, they cant use it to give themselves big, big year-end bonuses. They said, Well, no, of course not. Thats what the employee pension funds are for.But, you know, when the...Big Three CEOs went to Washington, they said, Weve got to have... $25 billion. Congress said, You know what? Wait right here. Let me go to the back and talk to the manager.Top Ten Messages Left On Rod Blagojevichs Answering Machine:Hello, is this the Blog-o-bloga-a-da-go-bl-vipivh residence?Hi, its O.J. Wanna be cellmates?Oh, Im sorry, I think I have the wrong Blagojevich.Hi, its Larry Craig -- did I hear something about a Senators seat being available?Im calling about your Senate seat on Craigslist. Want to trade for a futon?Hey, its Cheney. Damn, even I think youre sleazy.You really Blagojevichd your political career.Im guessing you didnt spend the bribe money on that haircut.Its Sarah Palin. Thanks for replacing me as the countrys most embarrassing governor.You folks...excited about the holidays? ... Remember Sarah Palin? She is so excited about the holidays she held a press conference today to announce that from her house she can see the North Pole.Were not kidding about this economy, which is so bad that Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich had to mark down the price of a Senate seat 40%.But did you hear about this guy? Blagojevich is charged with corruption and apparently he was stealing a lot of money, getting a lot of bribes and kickbacks and hiding them in his hair.But...you know what he was doing? Because Barack Obama is the President-elect who used to be one of the senators from Illinois, Blagojevich has got to appoint a senator. So he was calling up people, saying, Would you like to be a senator. Well, whats it worth to you? Well, I just hope to God this doesnt tarnish the fine reputation of Illinois politics.By the way, you know who is on the program tonight? Senator John McCain. ... Now he shows up.By the way, he thinks the campaign is still going on.But were happy to have the Senator on the program. And if he does well on the program tonight, CBS might give him the 10:00 p.m. slot.Golden Globe nominations out today, and Sarah Palin was nominated for one. Her category is Outstanding Comedy Performance in a Presidential Campaign.Hey, what are you folks getting for Christmas? Well, I tell you what, Illinois is getting a new governor.Theyve been doing some research into Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. Have you seen this guy? ... Well, it turns out that thing on his head actually mated with that thing on Donald Trumps head. Its getting ugly.Let me give you an idea...how cold it is here in New York City today. ... Its so cold today that Vice President Dick Cheney switched from water boarding to snowboarding.Big film opened today. Its called The Day the Earth Stood Still. It is about an alien that comes to Earth looking for some of that sweet Federal bailout money.You know today, actually, five years ago tomorrow, I believe, they captured Saddam Hussein. ... You know who gets a really big kick out of that is bin Laden. He just thinks thats the funniest thing.I hope things go better for Santa Claus this Christmas. Remember what happened last year? He was shot down over Alaska by Sarah Palin.Over the weekend, a church that Sarah Palin attended was burned. ... Very serious, disturbing, but they are looking for a suspect. They think its Joe the arsonist. Thats who they are looking for.Bush was in Baghdad...having a press conference, and a reporter from Iraq jumps up and starts heaving shoes at the guy. And in Iraqi, or Arabic, he starts screaming, Heres your farewell kiss, you dog! ... I mean it was the same goodbye I got from NBC. Do you remember that?They arrested the guy and theyre trying to find out if he is a Shoe-ni or a Shoe-ite. My five-year-old is also writing jokes.But its the same old story. You hear this over and over again. A guy, a crazy guy, goes into a Payless store, purchases a pair of Rockport shoes, and they didnt even do a background check on him.But youve got to give Bush credit. I mean, the guy moved pretty quickly. ... He reacted pretty good. Too bad he didnt react that way with bin Laden or Katrina or bin Laden or the mortgage crisis or bin Laden or Afghanistan or bin Laden or the Lehman Brothers.Yeah, it was a bit of a press conference and he was over there for his farewell thing and the guy is lobbing shoes. Bush did pretty good, though. I dont think Bush really has dodged anything like that since the Vietnam War.How about that guy that heaved his shoes at the President? ... And of course, everybody is saying, Well, what happened to the Secret Service? Good question. Where is the Secret Service? I mean, from now on, All right, take off your shoes. Its going to be that. You want to see the President? All right, slip out of those shoes.It turns out this guy was...described as a hot head. He is an Iraqi journalist and they say hes a hot head with poor...journalistic skills. ... Well, no surprise, today he was offered his own show on Fox News.But Ive got to give President Bush credit for this because hes taking it all pretty well. He says hes actually happy about the shoe-throwing episode because he says it proves finally that Iraq does, in fact, possess footwear of mass destruction.The Electoral College has officially elected Barack Obama as President of the United States. ... I dont know anything about politics or elections, but...its really starting to look bad for John McCain.Barack Obama is having a lot of press conferences. Hes having, like, one a week and hes got one tomorrow. And hes going to be announcing Lenos new 10:00 p.m. format, so thatll be tomorrow.Top Ten Things Actor Jim Carrey Will Always Say Yes To [Editors Note: List was read by Jim Carrey.]: 10. Dressing up like an Iraqi and throwing a shoe at President Bush.Anthropologists have found-- and this is crazy-- a well-preserved brain. They believe its...from the Middle Ages. ... Heres the surprise. They found it in the head of Dick Cheney.But Dick Cheney said that we made the right decision to go to war in Iraq. And I said to myself, Well, thats good enough for me, by God.Did you hear about this guy in -- George Bush is over there in Baghdad saying goodbye to the troops, and this Iraqi journalist heaves a couple shoes at the President. And we thought, hopefully thats just a one-of-a-kind episode. Unfortunately, however, the news coming out of the Middle East is that Iran...is developing a long-range loafer.Everybody looks forward to Time magazine naming their person of the year. And today, they named Barack Obama person of the year. ... Thats right. Finally, things are starting to go his way.Were talking about Sarah Palin, who has a brand new Christmas album. ... Its entitled I Can See Bethlehem From My House.Top Ten Least Popular Holiday Songs:Amy, the red-nosed Winehouse, will need a new liver soon.Im dreaming of a white Christmas, but Al Gore tells me were all screwed.Biden might do all right if his hair plugs stay in tight.Dr. Tannenbaum, Dr. Tannenbaum, is Cialis right for me?Deck the halls with illegal payoffs, Bla-Bla-Bla-Bla-Bla Blagojevich.Ahmadinejad, Ahmadinejad, Ahmadinejad, you set our heart aglow like a spent fuel rod.Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas, 1929.I have an irregular heart beat, pah-rum-puh-puh-puh-pum.Joy to the world, George Bush is done.The nice thing about the holidays is the holiday spirit. ... Let me give you an example of how the holiday spirit affects people. You know that guy that threw the shoes at President Bush? Well, today, he was throwing fruit cakes.Now heres something historical. In January, all five living presidents are scheduled to have lunch together. ... Clinton suggested the VIP room at Hooters.You folks around the country probably know this, but here in New York City its freezing cold. Its so cold today that that Bernie Madoff is actually looking forward to burning in hell.Its so cold today President Bush was ducking ski boots.Today is the second day of Hanukkah, John McCain made an appearance with Joe the Rabbi.What a rough crowd last night. Rough, they were surly. They were quiet. Im telling you. It was quiet in here. It was like a Lehman Brothers Christmas party.The suburbs are cold also. Up in Chappaqua, Bill and Hillary accidentally got into the same bed. Its that cold.Insider tip. How many folks still have cars? Anybody here still have a car? You know, you can turn them in, take them in to Washington and theyll give you your money back.And Ford Motors, by God, Ford Motors is working on a brand new car called the Fusion. Its a hybrid and runs on a combination of gas and bailout money.One percent of Americans participating in this poll believe ? believe -- Dick Cheney is the best Vice President ever. Everybody else in the poll believes that that one percent should be wearing funny hats.The shoe-tossing guy in Iraq, you know, he wrote a letter to President Bush and he apologized. He said, Dear president Bush, Im sorry I threw a shoe at you. And I was thinking, wait a minute. When is President Bush going to apologize for invading Iraq?And typically every New Years in Times Square, they drop that ball? Not this year. Not this year. Angry investors are dropping Bernie Madoff off the building.I have a son, five-year-old son. And I think this was probably the first year he kind of really got the idea what Christmas was happening, you know. And Im a little nervous because I think he was disappointed for Christmas morning. Yup, because after he opened his gifts he started throwing shoes at me.Bill Clinton, if you are up in Chappaqua, you know Bill Clinton did a lot of caroling. And a lot of racheling and a lot of michelling.Top Ten Signs You Are Watching Too Much Football: 2. Laura has to keep reminding you youre still President for two more weeks.Here in New York City, guess what, we have an acorn shortage, and it is so serious, this acorn shortage, squirrels are asking for a government bailout.Well, let me...know what you think of this. George Herbert Walker Bush...says that his son, Jeb, would make a great president. And Im thinking, a third Bush in the White House. Boy, cut me a slice of that, you know?Bill and Hillary Clinton helped drop the ball in Times Square on New Years Eve. But it was frigid. It was bitter cold, it was icy. And thats just their marriage, ladies and gentlemen.On this date in 2001, George W. Bush was certified as the winner of the 2000 presidential election. How about that? That turned out pretty well, didnt it?By the way, First Lady Laura Bush...is writing a memoir. The name of the memoir, I believe, is Im With Stupid.Tomorrow, President Bush is hosting a White House lunch for President-elect Barack Obama, former President Jimmy Carter and former President Bill Clinton. ... At least thats what Bill is telling Hillary.The new survey indicates that Barack Obama is the most admired man in America. ... But Im also on the list, thank you...very much. Im a little farther down. Im between Richard Simmons and Bernie Madoff. But Im on the list.The Secret Service has unveiled a new state-of-the-art limousine for Barack Obama. A million dollars for this state-of-the-art limousine. Meanwhile, today, John McCain closed a deal on a used LeSabre.But Obamas limousine...is massive. Its a three-ton, tank-like vehicle, or as GM calls it, a compact.But heres good news for Obama. The new tank-like limousine is shoe proof.Top Ten Things Overheard At The Presidents Lunch: 10. Sorry, youre not on the list, Mr. Gore. 9. If Hillary calls, Ive been here since Monday. 8. Laura! More Mountain Dew! 7. You guys wanna see, Paul Blart: Mall Cop. 6. Call the nurse -- George swallowed a napkin ring! 5. Hey Barack, wanna go with us to Cabo in March? Oh thats right, you have to work! 4. Kissey kissey. 3. Obama? I think hes downstairs smoking a butt. 2. Did you ever see a monkey sneezing? 1. I hope Clintons unbuckling his belt because hes full.Well, ladies and gentlemen, today is an historic day down in Washington because five living presidents had lunch together. Herbert Walker Bush, George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, all at the White House, all having lunch. What a day. And while this was going on, John McCain was at Applebys blowing on his soup.I understand the lunch went well. Only three shoes thrown.George Bush picked up the check. Bill Clinton picked up the waitress.Well, were just a couple of weeks from new President Barack Obama being sworn in. And hes been very busy naming a lot of cabinet positions. And today he announced that he wants the surgeon general...to be TV Dr. Sanjay Gupta. ... That was the kid on American Idol, wasnt it?But surgeon general, thats a tough position, and it was hard for Obama to make the choice. It was between Gupta, Dr. Phil and a guy on Scrubs.The United States Army announced that they will accept overweight recruits. ... So now when a soldier is AWOL, it means hes at Wendys ordering lunch.You know that youre an overweight recruit in the Army when you see a Dominos guy crawl into your foxhole.Top Ten Barack Obama Plans To Fix The Economy: 10. Encourage tourists to throw spare change in the Grand Canyon. 9. End our dependence on foreign owls. 8. Sell New Mexico to Mexico. 7. Put a little of that bailout money on the Ravens plus 3 at Tennessee. Come on! Its a mortal lock! 6. Rent out the moon for weddings and Bar Mitzvahs. 5. Lotto our way out of this son-of-a-bitch. 4. Appear on Deal or No Deal and hope to choose the right briefcase. 3. Bail out the adult film industry -- not sure how it helps, but it cant hurt. 2. Release O.J. from prison; have him steal Americas money from China. 1. Stop talkin and start Obama-natin!Couple of days ago in New Jersey, there were UFO sightings. ... Believe me, its not an invasion. The aliens are actually here because they want some of that Federal bailout money.Do you have your tickets for the inauguration down in Washington? I sent in early. I sent the money in. I got my tickets back, lousy seats. You know where they put me? ... Im right between Govs. Spitzer and Blagojevich.You know for each inauguration, the President adds his own little touches, his own signature note to the proceedings. For example, maybe you dont remember this but for the...first Clinton inauguration, ladies drank free.Vice President-elect Joe Biden...is already getting acquainted with his new responsibility as Vice President. And hes starting every afternoon at 3:00. He picks up Sasha and Malia from school.It looks like Barack Obama wants the surgeon general to be Sanjay Gupta, the TV doctor. Are you familiar with Sanjay? I went to see him a couple of years ago because I had an inflamed gupta.But Sanjay Gupta says if he becomes the surgeon general the first thing he wants to do is warn people about one thing -- the Regis Philbin show in high def. He said it could cause nausea and headaches.Today is Richard Nixons birthday. ... Do you remember when he looked like a bad president?George W. Bush now has a couple of weeks until hes out of office. And people are...saying, Mr. President, what are you going to do? He said, Im hoping to find something where I just get in up to my head.President-elect Barack Obama and his family have actually now moved into Washington, DC. This week, their stuff arrived via U-Haul One.And Vice President Dick Cheney is leaving Washington, and Cheney was busy packing earlier today. He bubble wrapped his water board.Hey. Heres great news. Remember Sarah Palin, John McCains running mate, governor of Alaska. Well, she has a new grandson, and the baby boys name is Tripp. Apparently, Oops was taken.Palin was very excited. She brought the grandson over to her house and held it up to the window so the Russians could get a look at it.But it was quite an event. The baby was delivered by Joe the obstetrician.Heres some bad news. A lot of Broadway things are closing. Hair Spray is closing, Grief, Young Frankenstein. But President Bush is excited. He says, Great, were winning the war on musicals.Is it cold outside? Yeah! Heres how cold it is. It is so cold in the Midwest, out there in Chicago, Governor Blagojevich had to put the ear flaps down on his hair.Its cold here in New York City. The temperature is actually lower than President Bushs approval rating.President Bush had his final press conference today, and it went pretty well. Only three shoes were thrown.After eight years, it is kind of sad President Bush had his final press conference. And you know what that means for us here at the Late Show. Were going to have to start writing our own comedy again.Barack Obama...promised his kids he would get them a dog when they moved to the White House. But President Bush is nervous. When he heard dog in the White House, he thought, Uh oh! What if he digs up all those Al Gore ballots in the back?Its cold here in New York City today, isnt it? Freezing cold. Heres how cold it was earlier today. President Bush said, We misunderestimated Al Roker.Chairman of the Fed, Ben Bernanke, says that President-elect Barack Obamas stimulus plan will help the economy. How would he know?Hey, listen to this, ladies and gentlemen. One week from today, Barack Obama becomes president and the current president becomes George W. Bush, mall cop.But I think everybody has warm feelings for George Bush now. He held his final press conference yesterday. He admitted -- it takes a big man to do this -- he admitted that a couple things didnt go according to plan. A couple of things went haywire. His first term and his second term. Those two things.But President Bush did take credit for a couple of things. He said, You know, Dick Cheney hasnt shot anybody in a couple of years.By the way, one week from tomorrow, heres whats going to happen. George W. Bush will be walking around...on the ranch in Crawford, Texas, and hell be saying, Listen to this, boys. You ought to see it. The office, its an oval. Like a circle but its an oval. Im not kidding. No corners. Its like an oval. Honest to God. I was there for eight years.Cold, isnt it, ladies and gentlemen? ... It was so cold today people were throwing shoes at Al Gore.Osama bin Laden will not go away. There is a brand new...bin Laden tape, and theyve authenticated it. They know its a recent tape because bin Laden describes Salma Hayak as smokin hot on the Golden Globes.One week, and Barack Obama will be the new President of the United States. Im telling you, things are really starting to look bad for Hillary.Today is the ninth anniversary of my quintuple bypass heart surgery, or as Dick Cheney calls it, a routine checkup.President Bush is busy saying good-bye to everybody. Last night he was on Larry King, and I think tomorrow hes making a farewell lasagna with Rachel Ray.Bush is getting nostalgic. He says hes not sure how he will feel on January 21st, but I think I kind of know how the rest of us will feel.Heres how cold it is outside. Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich was selling seats in his hair.President-elect Barack Obama plans to close...Guantanamo, you know, the big holding center, the big prison, the interrogation center in Cuba. He is going to close that down. And Dick Cheney -- I thought this was interesting -- Dick Cheney said, Oh, fine, sure, Im going to buy it and turn it into a vacation home.Bush will leave January 20th. Yes. Will it never get here?Cheney, meanwhile, said, Ill leave when I damn well feel like it. But thats another story.But I want to tell you, its so cold. ... Its so cold that Sarah Palin shot herself a brand-new coat.Take down my 14 autographed posters of Jeff Foxworthy.Pardon the Hamburglar.Finally visit Oval Office, see what all the fuss is about.Play actual game of Connect Four instead of my favorite, Connect Two.Send 1,000 pizzas to Obamas new house (get address first).Write name on South Lawn with my Prez Juice.Give the finger to every portrait thats been eyein me funny for the past eight years.Buy a lot of fruit roll-ups, then wrap myself up in them to be a big scary fruit mummy.Make one last joke to Condoleezza about brown rice.Cold outside. Lousy cold. Here is how cold it was. It was so cold today that Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts screwed up while ordering chowder.It was so cold, that thing on Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevichs head went into hibernation.By the way, today, Governor Blagojevich is being impeached. ... Of course, the state of Illinois is already searching for a new crooked politician to take his place.Did you know this? We have a brand-new Miss America, Katie Stam, from Indiana. They choose...Miss America based on personality, how the young woman looks in a swimsuit, and how she looks in...evening gowns. That is the competition. Its the same way that John McCain chooses a running mate.Boy, speaking of John McCain, what a busy week in Washington last week. How about that? Wasnt that crazy? But John McCain had a busy week too. He was at Applebys, blowing on his soup.President Bush is enjoying retirement in Crawford, Texas, maybe not as much as we are.Former President Bush is back at his place in Texas. Its known as...Rancho Inepto.Bush is not worrying about the country. No, its like hes still president.But I got to say, so far so good for the Obamas. ... The family is settled in. Theres the President and his wife and the kids and the mother-in-law. And theyre settling nicely. The only problem, the only complaint -- and they dont want to make trouble -- but the only complaint is they can still hear creepy organ music coming from Dick Cheneys dungeon.But moving out, Dick Cheney hurt his back. Did you hear about this? He was packing up his junk and...moving out of his office, and he hurt himself. So apparently, the door did just hit him in the ass on the way out.Heres a statistic I learned while watching the inauguration -- the White House has 16 bedrooms. And the only president to use each and every one of them was Bill Clinton.The White House also has three kitchens and the only president to use each and every one of them was Bill Clinton.The state of New York is now back up to full strength in terms of senators, because we have a brand new senator by the name of Kirsten Gillibrand. She is taking Hillary Clintons old Senate seat, but the appointment took so long...and it got so stupid that the people up there in Albany were actually talking about bringing back Spitzer.But congratulations to Hillary Clinton, our new secretary of state, who was sworn in holding the Clinton family Bible. And its a special edition, because Bill had removed four Commandments.Top Ten Ways Rod Blagojevich Can Improve His Image:Quit politics and become a fat, lovable mall cop.Start pronouncing last name with Jerry Lewis-like BLAGOOOOYYYYYJEVICH!Offer a Senate seat with no money down, zero percent interest.Team up with John Malkovich and Erin Brockovich for hot Malkovich-Brockovich-Blagojevich sex tape.Change his name to Barod Obamavich.Safely land an Airbus on the Hudson River.I dont know...how about showing up for his impeachment trial?Wear sexy dresses, high heels and say, You Betcha! a lot.Uhhh...resign?Cold outside right now. And Im not a weatherman, but they say this frigid weather is coming off a cold front between New York Gov. David Paterson and Caroline Kennedy. Thats causing a frost.Out in the Midwest, Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was so cold he was trying to sell a Senate seat warmer.Scary moment for Gov. Blagojevich earlier today. Several geese were sucked into his hair.Happy birthday to Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts. There was an awkward moment at the big party they had in Roberts office today when he screwed up the words to Happy Birthday.Well, it looks like that prison, that detention center, in Guantanamo Bay is being closed. And people say, Well, what are you going to do with all those folks who are down there, all those suspected terrorists and thugs and goons and nasty, awful people? ... Were going to bring them up here to the Ed Sullivan Theater and put them in the audience.But listen to this. Theyre closing Guantanamo. Thats how bad things are, ladies and gentlemen. Thats how bad the economy is. You know its tough, you know the economy is bad, when even the terrorists are being laid off.How about the Obama family in the White House? ... Have you seen them? The kids? The Obama girls love living in the White House. They think its fantastic. There was just one complaint that the girls had about living in the White House. They claim that...theres a portrait of Dick Cheney on the wall, and they claim...the eyes in that portrait actually move.But thats not all. At midnight, the Obama girls hear creepy organ music coming from Cheneys dungeon.But Dick Cheney, youve got to give him credit. Hes enjoying his first week as a private citizen. In fact, today, he was out hunting human prey.Actually, Cheney is relaxing at his ranch, the Triple Bypass.And listen to this. ... Its an amazing thing, but after eight years in office, former President George W. Bush is now in retirement. But how can you tell? Honestly. How can you tell?You folks know about this Rod Blagojevich, the governor from Illinois? Well, theyre trying to get him out of there because hes a crook. And he was having an impeachment trial, and he said, You know what, you kids go and have your little impeachment trial. Im going to New York City, and Im going to be on every TV show. Did you see the guy on TV? He was everywhere. I mean, this guy, he looks like the guy that tells you need new brake pads, you know?Blagojevich looks like an insurance salesman that keeps calling you Captain. Hey, Captain.Blagojevich looks like a guy who backs you up with his aftershave. Whoah!Blagojevich looks like a guy who disappears with your deposit after he takes your contracting contract.Blagojevich looks like the guy who tries to set you up with his wife.And President Bush, after eight years, is also in retirement. How can you tell?President Bush, of course, has a place just outside of Crawford, Texas -- Rancho Inepto.Top Ten Things Overheard at the Meeting Between Barack Obama and the Republicans:Can we wrap this up? Ive got tickets to the 4:30 Paul Blart: Mall Cop.Smoke break!You fellas really need to take it easy on the Old Spice.Mr. President: dont misunderestimate the Republicans.Another smoke break!What was the deal with Aretha Franklins hat?About that tax the rich stuff -- you were joking, right?Sir, its refreshing to have a Chief Executive who speaks in complete sentences.Senator Craigs offering his stimulus package in the mens room?Cold everywhere. Listen how cold it is. It is so cold out in Illinois, the state of Illinois impeached Al Roker.On this date in 2002, President Bush, do you remember this, the access of evil speech? Do you remember his axis of evil? Do you remember what the axis of evil was? Iran, Iraq, Dick Cheney. That was the axis of evil right there.Blagojevich was impeached today back there in Springfield. And he spoke in his defense at the impeachment proceedings, spoke for 47 minutes. And it really took its toll on the guy, because afterwards, they had to rush him to the emergency room at Supercuts.Have you taken a good look at this Rod Blagojevich? I mean, he looks like the producer of an adult entertainment awards show.Blagojevich looks like your wifes ex-husband.Blagojevich looks like the guy at the high school reunion who knows everything about you and you have no idea who he is.Blagojevich looks like the guy that goes to a family barbeque and criticizes how you arrange the charcoal.Blagojevich looks like a guy who claims to know Jon Lovitz.This Blagojevich, I would not give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. It is one headache after another for this Blagojevich. It turns out, next month, his hair goes digital.Oh, heres good news. I guess the House of Representatives has passed President Obamas stimulus package. And then I guess it goes through the Senate. And if thats passed, then that $800 billion, just disappears. Have no idea where it goes.And anybody who has kids, of course, is nervous about the Obama girls, who have had to change homes and change schools. And it is just crazy. But the good news is the girls love living in the White House. ... They do have one complaint, though. Sometimes, at midnight, when the moon is full, they can hear the squeaking hinges on Dick Cheneys coffin.But Dick Cheney, you know, hes in retirement now. But hes not just sitting around, taking it easy, oh, no. Hes...active. Hes got things going on. For example, he booked himself on the show, Sneering with the Stars.It was so cold today in New York that Gov. Paterson...spent six weeks picking out a new sweater.So cold down in Washington, DC, today that President Obama had Joe Biden go outside and take his smoke break for him.By the way, the Super Bowl will be played this Sunday. This will be Super Bowl 43, and I dont know what kind of game its going to be, but it cant be any worse than President 43.But President Bush is out of Washington. Hes back at his place in Texas. He has got a big spread just outside of Crawford called Rancho Inepto.But George Bush, dont worry about him right now. Hes very busy working on plans for his library. Because when you think Bush, you think library.And Dick Cheney is enjoying his retirement. For example, today, Dick was relaxing, feeding baby mice to his python.Im very excited and I think everybody is about the Obama Administration. I mean they get in there, theyre doing stuff. Theyre...active. Theyre not reactive. Theyre actually out there doing stuff, as opposed to being squirrelly and defensive all the time. I mean, we had eight years of defensive squirrels.But listen to this. Obama wants to reopen the crown of the Statue of liberty. ... Not only that, he plans to open that thing on former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevichs head.Right after Sundays Super Bowl, President Barack Obama placed a congratulatory phone call to the Steelers from his BlackBerry. Meanwhile, John McCain called the Cardinals from his ham radio.Youve got to love a guy like John McCain, but stuff is not going his way. He had a huge Super Bowl party, but people started clapping. And every time they did, the lights would go on and off.Today is Groundhog Day, and I dont know why this stuff always goes haywire in Alaska. ... Here is what happened. A little bit of trouble. Groundhog comes out of its hole. Sarah Palin shoots it.Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is on the show tonight, ladies and gentlemen. I hope that thing on his head doesnt bite me.I like Blagojevich. He looks like your neighbor who never returns the tools.Blagojevich looks like a guy at K-Mart who says, The best we can do is store credit.Arent you tired of bad economic news, ladies and gentlemen? Well, here is some good economic news. President Obama has a great new economic plan. Heres what hes going to do. Hes going to make all the cabinet members that he has selected...pay their back taxes.Tom Daschle has withdrawn his cabinet nomination because he had some tax problems. Forgot about $150,000. ... Remember the old days, when politicians got in trouble for having sex with pages. Those days seem pretty sweet now, dont they?Im sorry you folks werent here last night, because you missed a big show. Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was here. You know, its funny. The audience really liked him, but they impeached me.But it was fun to have Rod Blagojevich on the program, because for one night, I was not the creepiest guy on the show.Ladies and gentlemen, while you were applauding that joke, another Obama nominee dropped out.Have you been following this? Obama has now lost two nominees because of tax trouble. ... So good luck to the new Health and Human Services nominee, Wesley Snipes.How about that Dick Cheney? Hes out of office, but hes still chomping at the bit. You know what Im talking about? Daschle embarrasses Obama so today Obama gets a call from Cheney, Hey, let me waterboard him.I was stunned by the Daschle story because we dont expect Democrats to cheat on their taxes. No, we expect Democrats to cheat on their wives. Thats how this is supposed to go!I dont want to just ruin everybodys day, but there is discouraging news everywhere. Unemployment is high. Foreclosure rate is high. Michael Phelps is high.Hey, how about that Rod Blagojevich? You know who I am talking about? The former governor of Illinois was on the program...Tuesday. He looks like the guy who would sell you retractable awnings.Blagojevich looks like a guy who runs out of bullets and then throws his gun at Superman.People are sick and tired of the cold weather. Heres how cold it was today in Washington, DC. Vice President Joe Biden put his foot in his mouth just to keep it warm.Monday is the Westminster Kennel Clubs 133rd Annual Dog Show, where dogs are judged on appearance, so every dog is groomed, blow dried, and flea dipped. You know, its the same thing they did to former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich for the impeachment trial.President Barack Obama has relaxed the White House dress code. ... Hes the first president to do that since Bill Clinton, who of course, established Pants-Free Friday.Last night, right here on CBS, they aired the annual Grammy Awards, and no surprise here, the Grammy for Best Duo went to Aretha Franklin and her hat.Anybody here in New York for the Westminster Kennel Club dog show? Some unfortunate news. A Jack Russell Terrier had to drop out because of tax problems.How about President Barack Obamas first primetime press conference last night? ... He was cogent, eloquent, and in complete command of the issues. Im thinking to myself, what the hell am I supposed to do with that?I hate to be critical this early into the new Administration, but I dont know if this Timothy Geithner is the guy for the job. He may not be up to it. Turns out, he thought the Treasury Secretary...was in charge of buried treasure.How about this? Its a good example of how strange things are and how time flies. On this date in 2006, then-Vice President Dick Cheney shot his buddy in the face. Tell me again why hes not in jail? How did that work?How about this? A celebrity birthday. Today is Alaska Gov. Sarah Palins birthday. ... Im not saying how old Sarah Palin is, but from her house, she can see 50.Sarah Palin is actually 45 years old today, and just to tell you a little something about me -- Sarah Palin, I think, is the first vice presidential candidate that I have pictured naked. Well, since Lloyd Bentsen.But Sarah Palin had a big birthday celebration up there in Alaska. She celebrated by shooting wolf cubs from a helicopter. Later, she shot the cake.Top Ten Surprising Facts About The Jonas Brothers. (Editors note: The list was read by the Jonas Brothers.) 6. Osama said hed come out of hiding if wed meet his 15-year-old niece.I dont know what the deal is, but all of a sudden, we have 40 and 50 mile-an-hour gusts of wind blowing around outside. In fact, it is so windy, former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevichs hair actually moved.Happy birthday to Abraham Lincoln, who was born 200 years ago today. And to mark the occasion, former Vice President Dick Cheney, earlier today, went into a theater and shot a guy.Dont you have a feeling its going to be a long time before we have a vice president who shoots a guy in the face? Just doesnt happen that often.Top Ten Things Abraham Lincoln Would Say If He Were Alive Today:I see Madonnas still a slut.Whos that handsome sumbitch on the five?Is that free Grand Slam deal still going on at Dennys?I just changed my Facebook status update to, The ol rail splitter is chillaxing.How do I get on Dancing with the Stars?Okay, Obama, youre from Illinois, too. We get it!Hey, Phelps, dont Bogart the weed!Whats the deal with Joaquin Phoenix?A Broadway play? Uh, no thanks. Im good.Everybody has got Fashion Week fever in New York City, where they had a big 50th anniversary tribute to Barbie. Can you believe that Barbie has been around 50 years? During that time, they have had Preppie Barbie, Wedding Barbie, and Republican Running Mate Barbie.Heres something exciting. Hillary Clinton, our secretary of state, is on her first big round the world trip. Shes visiting Asia, including a stop in China, where she is trying to do something about those leaky takeout food cartons.Yeah. Hillary is in Asia, Bill is in heaven.Top Ten Things Hillary Clinton Wants To Accomplish On Her Trip Overseas:Win respect defeating Japans top-ranked sumo wrestler.Shift worlds perception of America from hated to extremely disliked.Personally thank all of her illegal campaign donors.Three words: stylish Indonesian pantsuits.Visit burial site of revered Chinese military leader, General Tso.Get drunk with that Japanese finance minister guy.Convince China to switch from lead-tainted products to mercury-tainted products.Catch Chinese screening of Benjamin Button entitled The Strange Adventures of Freaky Grandpa Baby.Pick up carton of duty-free smokes for Obama.You remember Hillary Clinton? She has been married to Bubba for quite a while. Well, she is now the secretary of state, and she is on her first big round the world tour. She is on her big Asian tour. She wants to normalize relations with North Korea. No word yet about normalizing relations with Bill.They were talking to Hillary about what Bill gave her for Valentines Day, and I thought this was surprising ? sexy lingerie. Well, he had to after she found it in his glove compartment.I want to tell you something. You think its tough in New York City, California is bankrupt. Yeah, things are so -- heres how bad things are California. Theyve canceled the next three mudslides.Heres what I dont get. President Obama was in Denver today, where he signed the $789 billion stimulus package. Thats great, isnt it? What do we do when that moneys gone? Where is that money going? Im not getting any, you getting any? No, nobodys getting any. Six months, itll be gone, ladies and gentlemen.Meanwhile, while Obamas signing the stimulus package bill in Denver, John McCain...was busy at Dennys, sectioning his grapefruit.Americas auto makers have asked the government-- Remember when Americas auto makers flew into Washington in their private jets and said, Were busted. Wed like several hundred billion dollars. Well, theyre coming back again. Theyre asking for $22 billion in additional...taxpayer money. ...I mean, these guys are like the worlds most expensive brother-in-law, you know?Hillary Clinton is on her first world trip around the world as secretary of state. Shes on tour in Asia. Hillarys in Asia. Bills in heaven.Right now, Hillary is visiting China. Shes trying to stop the proliferation of doorknob menus.Sarah Palin, the governor of Alaska, owes $70,000 in taxes, but listen to this. Shes blaming it on Alex Rodriguezs cousin.Luckily, Sarah Palin can see the IRS from her house.Top 10 Signs Your Film Is Not Going To Win An Academy Award: 7. Its titled The Curious Case Of Benjamin Bernanke.Top 10 Signs Your Film Is Not Going To Win An Academy Award: 2. Only person who made a profit from your film is Bernie Madoff.Are you like me in that because of the recession, you have no money? I mean, at first it was kind of funny, right? But now, its not funny. Knock it off. Were tired of kidding around. We would like our money back.Come on! I dont know who took the money, I dont know what theyre doing with it, but we would like it back. I have a feeling its Wal-Mart. I think they may have all the money.And this year, the Academy Award-nominated songs will be performed together in a medley. ... Its part of President Obamas pledge to end torture.Top Ten Things Heard In New York During Todays Snowstorm. 10. The snow is falling as fast as the Dow.Top Ten Things Heard In New York During Todays Snowstorm. 6. My cousin brought back some primo rock salt from the Dominican.Top Ten Things Heard In New York During Todays Snowstorm. 4. Al Gore can suck it!Well, we got a big snowstorm here in New York City. ... Whew! ... I want to tell you, that Mayor Bloomberg is up to his ears in trouble.But the good news is that the foot of snow broke the fall of jumping stockbrokers.I had so much snow in the suburbs, you cant see the foreclosure signs.They had a lot of snow in Washington, so President Obamas kids stayed home from school and played with Joe Biden.How about that President Obama? You know what Im saying? Lets get some stuff done. And I guess over the weekend he went to a basketball game, went to see the Bulls and the Wizards. And I thought, well, hell, if hed gone to a Knicks game, he could have played.Top Ten Signs Your Stockbroker Is Losing It:Assures you President McCain will lower interest rates.Buys 15,000 shares of a company called Gogle.He has a seat on the Bayonne Stock Exchange.When you ask him what he thinks about the market, he does this: meow.Last week, got into a shouting match with his calculator.Claims to be the bastard child of Merrill and Lynch.When the opening bell rings, he screams, Fire!Makes you call him mommy so he can list you as a dependent.During the day he handles your money; at night he handles your wife.Cold in New York City today, where it was 24 degrees outside. ... Wait a minute. Im sorry. That was the Dow Jones Average.Over in Iraq, Saddam Husseins buddy, Chemical Ali, has been sentenced to death for a third time. He is so upset that hes fired his lawyers. He got rid of Chemical Jacoby and Chemical Myers. Theyre gone.I dont need to tell you folks, but the economy is so bad right now that over 1,000...Americans have volunteered to become the Obama dog.President Obama -- talk about a tough gig, and talk about optimism. The guy is saying its a good time to buy stocks. So heres what you do. Instead of that latte you buy in the morning, pick yourself up a thousand shares of GM.Heres a great story. In New Jersey, somebody bought a lottery ticket and won  $212 million. ... Now, under the new Obama plan, after taxes, that person will have enough money left over to buy another lottery ticket.Hey, heres big news. Do you remember Vice President Dick Cheney? Do you remember that guy? And I dont know, in the middle of the second term or something, the PR people got together and they said, Dick, nobody really knows anything about you. So he went out and shot his buddy in the face. Do you remember that? Boom! And that was...good for about two years for us here. Well, listen to this. Cheney has now been invited to speak at the American Museum of Fly Fishing. After his speech, hes going to demonstrate how to waterboard a trout.But you say to yourself, What are these guys doing in retirement? Well, Dick Cheney is keeping busy. Today, as a matter of fact, he hooked up a digital converter box to his pacemaker, so hes ready to go.By the way, ladies and gentlemen, Rush Limbaugh is the new face of the Republican Party. And Im thinking, if I see any more of Rush Limbaugh, Im going to have to send my housekeeper out to buy me painkillers.Top Ten Reasons To Watch The World Baseball Classic [Editors note: Reason was read by Boston Red Sox second baseman Dustin Pedroia.] 8. Because its an international event, our right fielder is Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Was it nice outside today or not? Yeah! Sunny. I thought it was a very sunny day. Im driving to work today and I saw a foreclosure sign with an awning.Beautiful day. It was so sunny, as a matter of fact, down on Wall Street, the stockbrokers were applying sunscreen before they jumped.But do you know anything about the Dow Jones, ladies and gentlemen? The Dow Jones average went down to 6,000. Do you know what that means? Neither do I, but its the first time in 12 years that the Dow has been the same as Rush Limbaughs cholesterol.As you know now, Rush Limbaugh is the new face of the Republican Party, but theyll probably go with a different body.I dont want to say Rush is fat but he is a red state.Rush Limbaugh is the new face of the Republican Party, however. And he says that he can defeat President Obama in a debate. ... Im thinking maybe a competitive eating contest, but I dont know about a debate.You guys know anything about this weasel, this rodent, Bernie Madoff? He decided what he would do would be to swindle his friends. And so he did a pretty good job. He got them for... $50 billion, and now his lovely wife Ruth was able to get 69 million. And she wants to keep that. She and her husband say its not fraud money, its money they saved on gas by fully inflating their tires.Oh, big day in Washington, DC, today. Pretty boy Brad Pitt was down there talking to Congress. Brad Pitt, of course, married to the original octomom.And the current octomoms boyfriend...says that hes the father of the octuplets, and he is getting a DNA test to prove paternity. But if I were that guy right now I would be hiding in the mountainous border regions of Afghanistan, for gosh sakes.Heres a cute story. You know the Obama kids? They got a swing set there on the White House lawn. And heres the nice thing. This is what you like about Obama. He is a very conscientious guy. Thinks of everything, because the swing set didnt cost the taxpayers anything. They built the swing set out of old pieces of Dick Cheneys guard tower.So they got a swing set there on the White House lawn and I got to thinking, Wow! There really...hasnt been any swinging at the White House since that heavyset intern.Top Ten Signs Youre On A Bad Spring Break: 7. Hotel overlooks the strip -- the Gaza Strip.Hey, you know what it is this weekend? On Sunday, it is Daylight Saving Time, when you are going to lose an hour of sleep, but so what? You pretty much lost everything else.But you know, not everybody sets their clocks ahead. Were you aware of this? ... On Wall Street, for example, theyve already turned back the clocks to 1929.Over the weekend, we had the time deal and moved the clocks forward. And because of that, we lost an hour, and Im thinking well hell, weve lost everything else. Who cares.A new poll indicates that Americans are now less religious than ever before. But I think people are more religious now because all you have to do is take a look at your 401(k) and you start shouting, Oh, God! Oh God!Stock market keeps going down and down and down. Today I tipped my cabdriver with 100 shares of GM stock.The New York Stock Exchange, by the way, if you are interested, is now a 99 cent store so get down there and do what you can.They say President Barack Obamas hair is already starting to turn gray. Been in office two months, hair already starting to turn gray. And so today, Alex Rodriguezs cousin injected him with Just for Men.Hey, heres some good news. Congratulations to North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il, who was re-elected with 100% of the vote. ... So things are really starting to look bad for John McCain.A guy in a competitive eating contest died. ... You know, were sure going to miss Rush Limbaugh.Thank you. As the octo-mom said, That was more than I was expecting. By the way, Rush Limbaugh, as you know, is the new face of the Republican Party. Have you seen this guy? I mean, he looks like hes carrying octuplets.Warren Buffet says the US economy has fallen off a cliff. I said, Well, who cares what that margarita guy thinks anyway?President Obama has lifted the eight-year-old ban on stem cell research. But he was emphatic about one point. He said no cloning. No cloning. Except for Scarlet Johansson.Celebrity birthday today. Osama bin laden turned 52 today, and apparently hes going through a mid-life crisis because he bought himself a bright red 1965 camel.Hey, you know Osama bin Laden? Well, he celebrated his 52nd birthday recently. Unfortunately, people think...hes starting to lose it. For example, earlier today, he walked into a cave and said, What did I come in here for?Barack Obama said he may negotiate with the Taliban. A lot of people are saying okay, but be careful. But I said this guy has experience negotiating with the enemy. For gosh sake, he lives with his mother-in-law, you know.I got kind of a moral dilemma here. Do you think, and be honest about this, do you think its too soon for me to hit on Bernie Madoffs wife?Bernie and his wife Ruth want to keep $69 million dollars. They said thats not money they swindled. Thats just money they had laying around. Thats money they saved by switching to Geico.People are now saying that the recession were in turning perhaps to a depression is not as bad as the one they went through in 1929. So what were going through now, not as bad as 1929. And I said hey, come on, give us a chance. We can make it worse.New York state is considering a tax every time you go into a strip club. A $10 tax every time you go into a strip club. For example, in my case, it would be, well, like whats 365 times 10, what would that be?Bristol Palin and Levi Johnson have broken up. Thats right. Thats right. And apparently it was not that big a surprise. Even the Russians saw it coming.I think secretly, Rush Limbaugh wanted them to fail.But right about now, Sarah Palin is in a helicopter hunting for the boyfriend with her rifle.Seriously, you folks worried about the stock market? Im not going to sugar coat this-- its bad. The only thing rebounding today was a stockbroker hitting the sidewalk, and thats it.A guy buys up a whole load of Girl Scout cookies and everybody thinks, great. Turns out, he paid for the Girl Scout cookies with counterfeit money. Thanks a lot, Bernie Madoff.Friday the 13th, ladies and gentlemen. A lot of people are superstitious. Other people think theres nothing to it. Listen to this and maybe this will change your mind-- earlier today the new face of the Republican Party, Rush Limbaugh -- keep in mind, its Friday the 13th -- walked under a ladder and got stuck.Its been one year since former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer resigned, one year. Its just flown by. And to commemorate that event, for today only...the hookers in Times Square are offering something they call a full Spitzer.Now, thats the difference between Republicans, when Republicans and Democrats have affairs. Democrats, its always the swanky expensive suite, Republicans, its always an airport mens room.Top Ten Ways The GOP Can Become More Hip. 10. Change mascot from an elephant to a can of Mountain Dew. 9. Buy one of them computers all the kids are using. 8. Appoint Michael Phelps chairman in charge of chillaxing. 7. They should totally start a band. 6. Change Rush Limbaughs name to Spongerush Fatpants. 5. Add highlights to combovers and hairpieces. 4. Four words: Lil Wayne for Senator. 3. Bring back this guy (George W. Bush dancing with African dancers). 2 How bout stealing and ordering hits like when Nixon ran things. 1. Fewer reactionary old white guys.Heres a guy that wont go away, that Osama bin Laden. ... We got another audiotape from...bin Laden. Have you heard it? He attacks...moderate Arab leaders, he calls for renewed jihad, and he gives his NCAA picks.And then on the tape, Osama bin Laden wonders out loud why Jennifer Anniston cant hold on to a guy.But bin Ladens new audiotape is such a hit that today, Al Jazeera offered him the 10:00 p.m. time slot.Do you remember a woman by the name of Sarah Palin? She is the governor of Alaska and she ran for vice president. Well, you remember that...one of her daughters, a very young girl, was pregnant and was going to get married to the young man that knocked her up. And the young man was saying that, You know, were just not ready for marriage. And I thought, well, that makes sense because their mother really wasnt ready to be vice president either.I want to tell you, a beautiful day in New York City. Am I right about that? ... It was so nice today that AIG gave a bonus to Al Roker.You know about this AIG? You folks know what Im talking about? Theyve...received federal bailout money now three times from the government. And now, after going broke, theyre giving bonuses to executives, the same people who wrecked the company. Theyre getting bonuses for doing a horrible job. Well, hell, I ought to get one of those.By the way, while you were laughing, AIG just handed out another $100 million in bonuses.Oh, a little health scare for former Vice President Dick Cheneys wife, Lynne Cheney. She was hospitalized briefly after fainting at home. Shes apparently okay. But heres kind of a funny thing that happened. The paramedics arrived, and out of habit they started giving CPR to Dick.March Madness. Are you excited about college basketball? The NCAA tournament starts out at 65, then it goes right to 64, then 32, then 16, then four, then down to just one. I mean, its like GM stock, really, when you think about it.Do you remember Poppin Fresh? Hes that pasty...white guy. He was certainly doughy, fat, overweight, pasty, white, doughy guy. He had a radio show with a weird political ? Im sorry. Im confused. Thats Rush Limbaugh.Beautiful day in New York City today. In fact, it was so nice, the AIG executives were counting their bonuses in the park.The Obama Administration wants to unload a trillion dollars in toxic assets. I dont know what that means, but do you know how much a trillion dollars is? A trillion dollars is almost as much as the AIG bonuses.Michelle Obama is going to put a garden in the White House out there where the Rose Garden is. Yes. A very nice idea. And shes out there digging it up, and she found three of Dick Cheneys hunting buddies.Top Ten Signs You Work For A Bad Company: 10. Workday begins with a pledge of loyalty to Kim Jong Il.Top Ten Signs You Work For A Bad Company: 4. Blew $40 billion in government bailout funds on a state-of-the-art taco bar.Top Ten Signs You Work For A Bad Company: 1. Company gave George W. Bush $7 million for his memoirs.Listen to this. George W. Bush, who was our president before Barack Obama, recently signed...a deal to write a book for  $7 million. And it makes sense because when you think George W. Bush, you think book. Dont you, really?In the book, George W. Bush will discuss his 12 toughest decisions, like should I heed Al Rokers warnings about Katrina? That would be one tough decision. Should I let Cheney carry a loaded shotgun? That would be another.Now...heres evidence of actual progress in Iraq. Iraq, as of today, is officially open to tourism. ... Cut me a slice of that.You can tell its tourism season in Iraq because today an American had to duck a pair of flip-flops.But I was thinking about this. If you want to take a trip, a vacation, to some place where theyve got sniper fire, dangerous streets, a lot of goat-based food, and random violence, just come to New York City.I have an announcement to make. This is my last night. The White House has asked me to step down.This is crazy. The CEO at General Motors, Rick Wagoner, been there for like 30 years, but President Obama says, Youre done, pal. Take a seat. Bounced the guy right out of the job. ... Hell be replaced now by Jimmy Fallon.Right after the announcement, Wagoner hopped on his private jet and flew to the unemployment office.Now heres a story. A guy in Brazil goes spear fishing, and he accidentally gets shot in his own head with the spear. Well, they operate on the guy. Hes unconscious. They pull the spear out and hes going to be fine. And you know the first thing he said when he came to was, Well, thats the last time I go spear fishing with Dick Cheney.Im so happy you people are here tonight. Thank you very much because last night, you remember those people last night? I dont know if they were dumb, but they were very quiet. Ill tell you, last night, the audience was as quiet as a General Motors showroom.You know the big story yesterday? President Obama, he goes to the GM people and he says, All right, look, guys, do you want any more dough? Youre going to have to get rid of your CEO, that Rick Wagoner. Tell him to take a hike and literally take a hike because hes not getting a car out of here. So hes gone. So he gets dumped. In addition to getting dumped, he receives a $20 million bonus to resign. Let that be a lesson to you other two big carmaker heads.But Wagoner needs the $20 million because he got a GM car.So the United States government is now running General Motors, because if theres anyone who knows anything about streamlining costs, its the US government, ladies and gentlemen.President Obama, by the way, is, I think, making his first presidential European...trip. And while hes there in Europe, he plans to fire the CEOs of BMW and Volkswagen.But you know what hes doing there? Its the G20 summit, in which the 20 major economic powers get together and meet. And sadly, this year, the US just missed the cut.But...President Obama -- this is going to be big, look for this announcement. President Obama is meeting with the Queen of England. He is going to ask her if she wants America back.By golly, you know what it is? April Fools Day. Happy April Fools Day, everybody. It is crazy when you think about it. Bush has only been out of office 10 weeks and he already has his own national holiday.Anybody here got a General Motors car? Well, look out for this guy, this Barack Obama. He comes in, doesnt like what he sees at General Motors and tells the CEO, Rick Wagoner, to take a hike. Wagoner, however, got a $20 million bonus. ... But the good news is the 20 million was in GM stock.But they got rid of Rick Wagoner, so GM has a new CEO. Frederick Henderson is the guys name...and you wonder if they looked into this guy. He didnt come to work. His first day on the job and he didnt come to work. You know why...the new head of GM didnt come to work today? ... Carsick.Barack Obama is in London now, meeting with the G20 countries, and the only thing that they have agreed on so far is that French President Sarkozy has a smokin hot wife!A lot of excitement there, though, at the G20 summit. They are giving away a door prize. ... Yeah, this year, its Iceland.I like to contrast what President Obama is up to and what John McCain, his opponent in the general election, is up to. For example, Obama met with 17 political leaders from 11 nations. He will attend five summits in different countries around Europe. Today, comparatively speaking, John McCain watched his 89 Caddy go through the car wash.Britains prime minister, Gordon Brown, asked President Obama if he ever played darts. ... And Obama said, Sure I play darts. How do you think I picked my Cabinet?President Obama visited Buckingham Palace and he met with the Queen of England, and heres what they did. They briefly shook hands and exchanged pleasantries. I mean, it was just like my honeymoon.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About Queen Elizabeth II: 10. From 1978 to 1980, was the center square on Hollywood Squares. 9. Holds weekly talks with her United States counterpart, Queen Latifah. 8. On Facebook, lists her romantic status as its complicated. 7. Her middle name: Beyonce. 6. Worked her way up to Queen after starting in Buckingham Palace mailroom. 5. Throws left, bats right. 4. Considered a master of the five-fingered clawhammer banjo technique. 3. Takes her afternoon tea with two sugar cubes and a splash of malt liquor. 2. Constantly walking up to horses and saying, Charles? 1. Sold iPod Obama gave her for a quick three bills.The Guiding Light, a soap opera that has been on television and radio for a combination of 72 years, has been cancelled. This is bad news for Mitt Romney, because for years, he played millionaire Carter St. James.Im so happy you people are here, because, I dont know how to explain this, but some nights we get audiences that really create problems. And last night, it wasnt really an audience. It was more like a G20 riot, is what it was.President Obama, this guy has got guts. I mean he comes in, and Ill tell you something, I got a lot of respect for the guy, but he doesnt know what hes doing. Nobody knows what theyre doing. What an incredible mess! Weve never been in a mess like this but thank God, at least hes trying stuff. And a couple of weeks ago, the GM CEO, Rick Wagoner --- adios, hes gone; fired him. And I dont know. Sometimes you think is Obama going power crazy? For example, today, he fired the CEO of Hot Wheels. What...good will that do? Honestly.But this is a fascinating story. This CEO at General Motors, largest corporation in the world, most powerful corporation in the world and they said, Okay, you know, well do business with you guys, but you, take a hike. But they gave him $20 million to step down. And Im thinking well, we should have tried that on Bush.Top Ten Signs Your Kid Is In Al Qaeda: 10. His name: Mike Jenkins -- now goes by Mike bin Jenkins. 9. Runs inside for cover whenever a satellite flies overhead. 8. His chemistry tutor? Chemical Ali. 7. If he doesnt like whats for dinner, he throws a shoe at you. 6. On invitation to his birthday party, he wrote No Kurds. 5. Hides in his room and communicates through randomly-released audiotaped messages. 4. Yearbook declares him Most likely to defeat the American jackals in the name of Allah. 3. Asks to go to sleepaway camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. 2. Happiest day of his life: When Ayman Al Zawahiri showed up at his Bar Mitzvah. 1. Instead of Hannah Montana, he has a crush on Pooja Fallujah.They had a...big Easter egg hunt in Central Park yesterday. And the kids, as usual, were great at finding stuff. They ought to send them out looking for bin Laden, thats what they ought to do.And today, they had the big Easter egg roll on the White House lawn. They always have it on Monday after Easter. But this year, because of the economy, they almost had to cancel the Easter egg roll. At the last minute, though, the United States government borrowed a billion eggs from China.How about that story, with the pirates off the coast of Somalia? Man, I mean, President Obama, this guy is getting it done, you know. He rounded up the Somali pirates and the Madoffs all in the same year. Looking pretty good.So the Navy SEAL snipers...shot three pirates. They shot them at the same time, simultaneously. I mean that is sharp shooting, ladies and gentlemen. Boom, all of them gone. I mean, something like that hasnt really happened since the last Dick Cheney hunting trip.So the good news is the Navy sea captain from the United States...was rescued in that action. However, the pirates are still holding the ship comic.The pirates were trying to negotiate but it is was a tough deal. They were hoping to be adopted by Madonna.Do you remember when President Obama was President-elect Obama and he said the kids wanted a dog? Well, theyve got a dog now. And they are going to be formally introducing the dog. They chose three breeds, but two of them were eliminated because of tax problems.Right now, the dog and Joe Biden are working out who brings in the morning paper. And then theyll make the announcement.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Becoming A Somali Pirate:How am I at ducking sniper fire?Is there enough swash in my buckle?Before committing, should I temp as a pirate?Am I doing this just to get babes?Is there an all-inclusive meal plan?Will I get to meet Johnny Depp?Will I get along with Ross Ohlendorf? (Sorry, thats a question to ask yourself before becoming a Pittsburgh Pirate.)Is there more opportunity for advancement in al Qaeda?Hows the commute from Jersey?Im glad you folks are here. We had a...tough crowd last night. In fact, right in the middle of the show, I had to be rescued by Navy SEALs.How about those Navy SEALs, though? They rescued Captain Stubing, Gopher, Doc and guest star Charo.And now, there is serious trouble there off the coast of Somalia. Other pirates have vowed to avenge the death of their colleagues. Colleagues? What is this, a rotary club? What is this, a faculty meeting?Anybody been to the New York Auto Show this week? ... Ill tell you, Im worried about the American automobile industry. Are you a little worried about the auto industry? Even the cars, the American cars, when you see them at the automobile show there on the turntable, they are only getting eight miles to the gallon.How about that Obama dog? They got a new dog. ... Yeah, a little Portuguese water dog. And the dog, as you would expect, is not house broken yet. In fact, earlier today, he left a bigger mess in the Oval Office than Bush did.A new dog in the White House. I believe there hasnt been a dog in the White House since that pack of semi-domesticated wolves that Cheney kept in his dungeon.Heres something that caught my attention as I was leafing through the paper this morning. ... NBC is make a reality show starring former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich. This is the same network that didnt want me.And the mayor of New York City, Mayor Bloomberg, is going to outlaw cab drivers talking on cell phones. And are you like me? Do you hate it when you are in a taxicab and the driver is twittering the Taliban? ... Awful.I heard this coming out here a few minutes ago. Apparently, Rush Limbaughs dog said it hopes that Obamas dog fails.But the good news is we have a new White House dog, a Portuguese water dog named Bo. So welcome to the White House, Bo. Actually, Bo has only been there a couple of days, but he is already very busy. Earlier today, Bo hosted a luncheon for former White House dogs.And you know they have Bo wearing one of those electronic collars. If he strays beyond the perimeter of the White House grounds he gets a little buzz. Thats to make sure he doesnt -- no, wait a minute, thats Joe Biden.Top Ten Signs The Government Is Spying On You:At restaurant, waiter urges, Speak directly into the dinner rolls.Your cars GPS unit has an awful lot of questions.Girl Scout delivering your thin mints is 64, 270.Keep finding underpants labeled Agent Morales.Mailman warns you, This conversation may be recorded for quality control purposes.NSA sends over sexy lingerie theyd like your wife to wear.You sing in the shower, a mysterious voice responds, A little pitchy.Theres a Navy Seal hiding in your fish tank.Several times a week, you get chloroformed, stuffed in a trunk and dumped in Mexico.A lot of folks from out of town visiting New York City. Be careful, word of caution, word of caution. Never hail a cab, now Im serious about this, never hail a cab that is flying a Somalian skull and bones.Have you had a cab driver using a cell phone? Im in the cab this morning coming to work and I said, Look, look, look. Look, do me a favor, stop talking on your cell phone. And the driver said, Im not talking on my cell phone, Im on Google Earth trying to track down an oil tanker off the Horn of Africa.There are more and more states now where you can get married if you are a gay couple. For example, Vermont. Gay couples can get married in Vermont. So thats good news for Ben & Jerry.I am...trying to find a state that will ban straight marriage.George W. Bush is now in his ninth year of not being president.And Barack Obama, look at the mess that was handed to this guy. How can you possibly know what you are doing? But at least hes out there doing something. Like last weekend, when the Navy SEALs picked off those Somali pirates. Yeah. It was a horrible thing, but at least the American captain is fine. But they shot and killed those guys. But it kind of made you feel good, didnt it? You thought, yeah! I mean, it was like a Dick Cheney hunting trip.Do you think Barack Obama has traveled a lot as President? He is always traveling. ... And you think, well, guess what, hes living with his mother-in-law.But Obama recently went down to Mexico, where he was talking about...immigration and the drug cartels. And then he wanted to formally thank the country of Mexico for Salma Hayek.The Obama family finally got their dog, a Portuguese water dog named Bo. So far, the housebreaking has gone pretty well. The dog has not made any messes, not chewed any furniture. So already, hes ahead of Dick Cheney.And you know, if you have pets, this is something you should do. You can get a little microchip that you put, I think it clips on to their ear, so if the doggie wanders off, you can GPS them and go find them. And...they have done the same thing with Bo and they got the idea from what Hillary did...with Bill. Same kind of a thing.Top Ten Things Overheard In The Meeting Between Barack Obama And Hugo Chavez:Sorry, Mr. President, they dont sell Marlboros here.Lets get a picture of you shaking hands with Hugo Chavez to really piss off Rush Limbaugh.Mr. Chavez, I have a book for you too ? Artie Langes Too Fat To Fish.Does this breakup mean Lindsay Lohan is back to dating guys?Remember, you cant spell Hugo without hug.I cant believe they killed Edie on Desperate Housewives.Does Biden really think hes fooling anybody with those plugs?I think theres one thing we can both agree on ? theres a new star in the Hollywood galaxy by the name of Zac Efron.Is it too late for me to buy your Senate seat?Well, recently, that evil Hugo Chavez from Venezuela slipped President Obama a book that is printed in Spanish. But President Obama...does not read or speak Spanish. It would be like handing George W. Bush any book.Top Ten Thoughts Going Through The Somali Pirates Mind While In New York City:Its like my own episode of Gossip Girl.Maybe Madonna will adopt me.If I dont get a corned beef on rye soon, Im gonna plotz!How can I meet Zac Efron?Go Niners!Any chance of getting Jersey Boys tickets?This would be a pretty sweet trip if it werent for the handcuffs and jail.Why the hell are these people lining up to see Letterman?You charge $40 for parking, and Im the pirate?Remember those Somali pirates, those crazy guys that are hijacking boats and stuff? They got one of them here in New York City standing trial. ... And I want to tell you something, this guy thinks hes a pirate. Well, wait until he gets the bill for his New York legal team. Then well see...who the pirate is. Thats what I say.But they have the pirate locked up. And today, he met one of his idols, Bernie Madoff.Scientists are now saying that overweight people...cause or contribute to global warming. I mean, talk about embarrassing for Al Gore.How about those Somali pirates? So they bring one of the pirates to New York City so they can put him on trial. But he will also be doing some other stuff. Like, tomorrow, hes going to ring the opening bell at the stock exchange. Friday hell be on Rachel Ray making Clams Mogadishu, and he will be the starting pitcher for the Yankees. Monday, hell be on the Today show singing I Dream a Dream. And Monday night, hell be sleeping with Madonna. Thats the full schedule.But the Justice Department says they want to make an example of this...Somali pirate guy. And I thought, really? In terms of making an example, I dont think you can do much better than shooting the other three guys in the head.And oh, speaking of things like that, classified documents that were recently released show that Dick Cheney, who a couple of year ago went nuts and shot a guy, ordered Khalid Shaikh Mohammed waterboarded 183 times. ... When do you suppose Mohammed caught on and said, I know this is just horse play?But anyway, they waterboarded Mohammed 183 times, and...thanks to the information they got from this guy, via waterboarding, we were able to capture bin Laden.President Obama has kind of a happier outlook on torture. He says instead of waterboarding terrorists, hes going to put them in dunk tanks.But Dick Cheney is now criticizing President Obama, and hes saying that his recent actions around the world are disturbing and not helpful. ... Yeah, yeah, things were so much better when Cheney was president, werent they?Do you remember Eliot Spitzer, who was governor of New York? He had to stop being the governor of New York because he enjoyed prostitutes. Well, now, hes...talking about running again for governor in 2010. He also said hes looking forward to spending less time with his family.Heres a name out of the past. He used to be governor of the state of New York. Eliot Spitzer, does that ring a bell? ... Listen to this, according to a new poll, two out of three New Yorkers would like to have...Spitzer back as their governor. I mean sure, two out of three New Yorkers are hookers.The people of New York liked Governor Spitzer. I mean, the guy had a reputation for being on top of everything.Do you know who is in town? One of the Somali pirates is on trial here in the United States. But he is not just in court. No, this pirate is everywhere. For example, this weekend, hes hosting Saturday Night Live. Monday, hes attending the Tribeca Film Festival. Tuesday, hes going to launch his new fragrance. Wednesday, hes having lunch with Ruth Madoff. And Thursday hes going to hijack the Staten Island Ferry, so hes got a big, full schedule.Exxon Mobil atop the Fortune 500 list with a profit last year of  $45 billion. ... Second place, the company that makes those foreclosure signs.Im happy to report that last joke exceeded Wall Street expectations.GM is phasing out Pontiac. ... You what that means? Another $20 million bonus for the head of GM.Were getting close to President Obamas first 100 days in office, and he has had to deal with a lot of trouble, including a global financial crisis, pirates, and swine flu. Plus, Obamas got a live-in mother-in-law. ... Im telling you, this guy cannot catch a break.Yes, Obama is marking 100 days as the leader of the free world. Meanwhile, John McCain...was putting his Glen Miller records in storage today.And I think this is a first for President Obama. This weekend, he played golf, and at one point, he got stuck really deep in a sand trap. Same thing happened to George Bush. Its called Iraq.Now heres the difference between President Obama and our previous Democratic president, President Clinton. President Obama enjoyed playing a round of golf. President Clinton just enjoyed playing around.Obama is a pretty good golfer. And he missed a couple of putts, or he would have broken 90. ... Speaking of a couple of putz, anybody hear anything from Bush and Cheney?Top Ten White House Excuses For Air Force Ones NYC Flyover:Air Force One also acts as 1010 Wins Traffic Eye In The Sky.Huh?Biden had to get to New York for the Wolverine premiere.If we dont photograph the Presidents plane over the Statue of Liberty, who will know what the Presidents plane looks like over the Statue of Liberty?Its Bushs fault.Youve been Howied!Maybe the Statue of Liberty was too close to us.Cmon, lets just be cool about it... everybody stay cool... were cool, right?Swine Flu made us crazy.Well, the US government is saying look out for the swine flu, which apparently...comes from Mexico. Thank God we have an airtight border with that country. So, the US is going to be fine.Heres something else I didnt want to bring up but I have to. You folks in the balcony, be careful. You may be buzzed by Air Force One. So look out.This is, I mean, this is exciting. Air Force One was in New York City and apparently nobody knew. They didnt make the call. Hello! Air Force One comes to New York City and wants to take some pictures. ...They send it right up and start buzzing New York City. I mean, isnt this something you would expect from the Bush Administration?So, they fly Air Force One up here and take a photo of it at the Statue of Liberty. Next, the Bronx Zoo. Plane had its picture taken at the Bronx Zoo. After that, it went to Yankee Stadium and had its picture taken there. And guess what, ladies and gentlemen? Its here tonight. How about a nice hand for Air Force One? Its here.President Obama is now saying that the flyover was a mistake. If youre scoring at home, by the way, Obama still trails Bush in the mistake total by about 10,000. ... So were okay.By the way, tomorrow, I believe, marks 100 days for President Obama in office as the leader of the free world. Meanwhile, to give you an idea what else is going on, today, John McCain was waxing his Pontiac.President Obama, if you take a look at it, has accomplished quite a lot in his first 100 days. By way of comparison, take a look at George W. Bushs...first 100 days in office. This is in his memoir. So, according to that, Bush spent 100 days in the Oval Office looking for the corner.Top Ten Reasons Arlen Specter Switched Parties. [Editors Note: Because of Lettermans bad voice, band leader Paul Shaffer read reasons 9-1.]:When Barack smiles at you, the room just starts spinning.GOP wouldnt give him the day off to attend Heidi and Spencers wedding.Wanted free video iPod from Obama.Same reason 10 million other Republicans switched parties last November.Uhh, pirates?No #4 -- writer frightened by Air Force One fly-by.It was buried in the fine print when he switched cable providers.Wanted to hang out with a new group of white guys.Well, why wouldnt someone want to be associated with Rush Limbaugh and Dick Cheney?A beautiful day here in New York City, wasnt it? But it was cold, so cold that I was wearing two swine flu masks.How about that swine flu? The government is saying forget about nonessential air travel, an example of which would be...flying Air Force One really low over New York City.President Obama is celebrating his first 100 days in office. How about that? ... I dont care whether youre a Democrat or a Republican, this guy has really had quite a lot to deal with. I mean, lets take a look at the list -- recession, two wars, swine flu, runaway Air Force One. Crazy.New York City is taking every possible precaution to avoid swine flu. For example, I was over at St. Patricks Cathedral earlier today, lighting a candle, and I happened to...notice that they have replaced the holy water with Purell.Vice President Joe Biden got himself in a little bit of hot water because earlier on the Today show, hes shooting his mouth off. Hes saying that the subways in New York City are not safe because of swine flu. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Joe, listen to this -- the subways werent safe before swine flu.People magazine has published its 100 most beautiful people issue. Is it me or is People magazine starting to lose its edge. Anyway, I was on the list, thank you very much, right between Arlen Specter and Susan Boyle.Anybody see President Barack Obamas press conference last night? Well, did you know that during the press conference, three more Republicans defected?Senator Arlen Specter, though, has really left the Republican Party, which is like resigning from Chrysler.I guess in the world of politics thats very exciting, Specter switching from the Republican Party to the Democrats. But what would be really cool for me is if I could just get my mom to switch from Leno.Top Ten Donald Trump Financial Tips. [Editors Note: List was read by Donald Trump.]:When nobodys watching, I go into the 7-11 and stick my head under a soda nozzle.Save money by styling your own hair.Sell North Dakota to the Chinese.Double your money at the Trump Taj Mahal Casino, home of the loosest slots in Atlantic City.Panic.For tip number 4, simply send me $29.95.If all else fails, steal someones identity.Were screwed.The fastest way to get rich: marry and divorce me.Are you aware of the fact that President Obamas mother-in-law is living in the White House? ... And the woman has really taken to it. She says she loves living in the White House. But there was some trouble today when she took Air Force One on another flight over New York.President Obama and his lovely wife, Michelle, recently went out to dinner at a restaurant. And after dinner, they took a romantic sunset walk around the White House grounds. And I was thinking, well, Bill Clinton used to take romantic strolls, but...I think he waited until his wife was out of town.Supreme Court Justice David Souter is stepping down. Now this guy has been called a reclusive loner who is against marriage. Its like I have a twin.Souter is stepping down because he said he wants to spend more time judging his family.Good news, ladies and gentlemen. It seems as though we have the old swine flu on the run. The people down there at the CDC, Centers for Disease Control, say that it is now mild. They consider the swine flu to be mild. But they did say because today is Cinco de Mayo, today and today only, it will be spicy.They say that swine flu is not as potent as they originally thought. You know, like the Yankee pitching staff.The White House says they will not be releasing the photos that the Air Force One plane recently took of the landmarks of New York City. ... I dont know what they were doing. They were putting together a brochure, but the White House now says they wont release the photos. Is it just me or is Obama bushing it up a little bit on this one?But its nice to have someone like President Obama and his wife. Did you know this? They still take time out once a week to have a date night. ... I used to have a date night but marriage put an end to that.And Obama, so far, nobody can lay a glove on this guy because hes working so hard and doing a great job. But recently, he accidentally referred to Cinco de Mayo as Cinco de Cuatro. He apologized and said he only knows about 15 words of Spanish. Big deal. George W. Bush only knew about 15 words of English.This Barack Obama has hit the ground running, am I right on that one, ladies and gentlemen? Today, he met with the presidents of Pakistan and Afghanistan. Yes, Obama took them to lunch at Rays Hell Burger.Obama and Joe Biden went there yesterday for lunch as well. But there was kind of an embarrassing moment when they went in and found that the guy behind the counter taking orders was Rod Blagojevich.Heres what President Obama had for lunch. He had the 10-ounce cheeseburger, he had fries, a milk shake, and he finished it off with a smoke.The President bought Joe Biden lunch. He wanted to pay him back for walking the dog every morning.General Motors has reported a $6 billion loss. But once they get through bankruptcy they hope to go back making cars that nobody wants. So that will be nice.Six billion dollar loss. You know what that means? Somebody is in line for a pretty good looking bonus.Everybody is excited about the economy getting better and you kind of feel it everywhere you go. People have a smile on their face and a spring in their step. Heres how you know the economy is actually starting to turn around a little bit. I saw Donald trump earlier today, and that thing on his head was wagging.Its that time of the year again. Anybody graduating soon? ... I think about this all the time. You spend $200,000 to put your kid through college so he can listen to a commencement address from Joe the Plumber.Star Trek opened today. They have updated things a bit. In this one, the Starship Enterprise is hijacked by Somali pirates.You know what they had over the weekend down there in Washington, DC? They had the White House Correspondents Dinner. ... President Obama was unbelievably funny, so NBC has offered him the 10:00 p.m. slot.After the...dinner, President Obama was all excited and stuff, so he head-butted Rush Limbaugh.How about Major League Baseballs Manny Ramirez, huh? Ramirez tested positive for a female fertility drug. But the good news is, hes apparently expecting twins.Anybody see the White House Correspondents Dinner over the weekend? Vice President Joe Biden was funny. ... I mean, not shoot your buddy in the face funny. But he was funny, you know. He did what he could.Dick Cheney, the former vice president, said that President Obama went too far...with the jokes at the correspondents dinner. By too far, does Cheney mean like waterboarding a guy 183 times?President Obamas national security advisor says he just doesnt know whether Osama bin Laden is dead or alive. Same thing with Larry King-- we dont know.Yeah, they dont know if bin Laden is dead or alive. I was thinking, hell, our last president didnt know if Lincoln was dead or alive, either. What are you going to do?Top Ten Surprises In The Sarah Palin Memoir:Her husband Todd is a person of interest in dozens of unsolved snowmobile hit-and-runs.State troopers have been instructed to taser Katie Couric on sight.Memoir is misspelled.Not only can she see Russia, earlier today she saw the astronauts working on Hubble.The entire thing, plagiarized word-for-word from Artie Langes Too Fat to Fish.Cover shows her in a passionate embrace with a shirtless Fabio.Sworn in as governor with her left hand on a copy of Guns & Ammo magazine.Claims she had three-way sex with Michael Phelps and a stripper.She voted for Obama.Do you remember...the old guy who was running for president? John McCain. Remember him? And the governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin. Remember Sarah Palin? That was a lot of fun, wasnt it? Well, guess what? Sarah Palin has got a deal to write her memoir. Got a deal to write her memoir, yup. I believe its titled, The Book to Nowhere.But in all fairness, Sarah Plain says shes not writing the book by herself. She has hired a guy to help. Joe the Ghostwriter is helping her. Joe the Ghostwriter, thats right.Remember when we all got...excited because of Michael Phelps, the swimmer. ... And then...they had a picture of him on the Wheaties box smoking weed. And uh ? no, its not that kind of Wheaty. Well now, a stripper is reporting she and one of her friends enjoyed three-way sex with Michael Phelps. ... And I said to myself, Your move, Eliot Spitzer.Anybody graduating from high school or college right now? ... The NYU graduation speaker is Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ... You think she looks great in a pantsuit. You ought to see her in a robe.And she told the grads, Work hard. Save your money. And one day you might be able to afford to attend a Yankees game. Thats what Hillary Clinton said.Well, heres what Ive heard from Washington. The Republicans are downhearted. Theyre disenchanted and theyre worried now, the Republicans, because theyre out of office, theyre out of power. The Republicans are worried that the image of the Republican Party is downbeat and angry. ... And I was thinking, well if you ask me, honestly, all the fun went out of the Republican Party when Arlen Specter left. Are you like me, do you kind of feel, all right, the partys over!Yeah, so the Republicans are angry. And I was thinking, well you know, the time to get angry might have been eight years ago, but that didnt happen.You know what theyre doing right now, while were down here enjoying some fine American comedy? ... The astronauts got in the shuttle, and they went up and theyre tightening up the Hubble Space Telescope, doing some repair work on the Hubble Space Telescope. ... And the mission is going great. Earlier today, they buzzed the statue of Liberty.But the telescope has photographed landmarks on the planet. And its fantastic because its way up in space, and theyre looking at ancient landmarks. They took a picture of the ancient pyramids -- fantastic. Also the Roman Coliseum, beautiful from space. Great Wall of China. They took a picture of Regis.Does this name ring a bell -- evil Dick Cheney? ... Hes in New York City. Hes on another one of his stops on his Dont Say I Didnt Warn You Tour. And he is in New York City. And he has one of those crazy, embarrassing New York City moments. Hes driving in a cab. And it turns out the cabdriver is somebody Cheney had waterboarded. It was crazy.The NASA people have their own TV channel and you can watch what they are doing. So today, they flew up there in the space shuttle and changed cameras on the Hubble Telescope, the most powerful...telescope in the history of the world. ... And yet, even the Hubble Telescope can still not see how Larry King stays on the air.Hey, heres some good news, ladies and gentlemen. Signs that the economy is starting to improve. ... I got a call...from my accountant today, and he said, Good news, Dave. Im starting to lose your money again.Another sign that the economy is improving -- you know that company that makes the foreclosure signs? Well, theyre going out of business.Remember last week they had the White House Correspondents Dinner? ... You know who...was surprisingly funny, Vice President Joe Biden, Vice President Joe Biden. Oh, hes not shoot your buddy in the face funny, but he was still pretty funny. Hey, hey, Larry, duck, will you? Dang!Were learning more and more about...Dick Cheney. You know when he was in office with President Bush, and they would have tours come through? Like, one time, they had a tour of Girl Scouts touring the White House. Thats a great thing...to see how the government works. And they heard strange cries coming from Dick Cheneys subterranean dungeon. ... So they had to discontinue the tours. Rather than knock off the torturing, they discontinued the tours.So, anyway, Cheney went to see the Tom Hanks film, Angels & Demons, and through the whole movie hes screaming, Go demons! Go demons!Dick Cheney says that Rush Limbaugh is more of a Republican than Colin Powell. And I think, well, yeah, about 300 pounds more.Top Ten Classified Pieces Of Information Revealed By Joe Biden:Obama also bought his kids a kangaroo.Nixon faked his death to escape gambling debts.In case of trouble, Presidents car can turn into a fighting robot.To enter Oval Office, you must know the Presidents secret fist-bump.Biden often skips staff meetings to watch Jon And Kate Plus Eight.America will declare its going out of business next Tuesday.Obama smokes in his sleep.When Bush ran out of pate at a state dinner, he fed Queen Elizabeth week-old taco meat.Dick Cheney once caught waterboarding himself.The former Vice President Dick Cheney is in town, ladies and gentlemen, in New York city. Hes here to see all of his favorite shows ? Phantom, Wicked, Stomp.Heres something that I am very excited about. Joe Biden, the current vice president, was yakking away over the weekend. And he -- remember when Dick Cheney...was in an undisclosed location and everybody thought ? where? ... So supposedly top secret information, classified information. And Joe Biden just says, No, I know where he was. He was hiding under his house. ... Joe Biden is living proof that people can give up sensitive information without being tortured.Fascinating. I mean, on the other hand, you wonder about a vice president whos got a panic room. Its just the ice cream truck, Dick. You can come up.Yeah, the underground dungeon is where Dick and his evil monks plotted to take over the Vatican.Ladies and gentlemen, theres good news for the environment. Theyre cleaning up the Hudson River. ... It had gotten so bad that the salmon...actually had to swim upstream every year for their hepatitis shots.You know Vice President Joe Biden? ... Now theyre saying...that he apparently had a couple of drinks and he was shooting his mouth off. And he announced the location of Vice President Dick Cheney -- the old Vice President -- his hiding place. ... And Joe Biden says, Well, I know where the heck it is. He had, like, a bunker under his house. And I was thinking...if youre going to reveal secrets about something, why dont you reveal a secret about where bin Laden is hiding.If youre planning to be in Toronto next week, theres going to be a great event. Former President Clinton and former President George W. Bush are going to be debating in Toronto. I mean, believe me, theres nothing more exciting than a presidential debate that doesnt count. Whoa! Cut me a slice of that.People are saying, Well, whats the point? You know, the former presidents debating. I dont know about Clinton but for George W. Bush, its understandable. I mean, you just cant keep a natural debater like this guy out of the game.Speaking of Bill Clinton, by the way, hes been appointed...envoy to Haiti. ... At least thats what hes telling Hillary.I dont know if you folks have been following this, but you know at NASA how theyve got the shuttle and periodically they take it up into space. ... They got a call from the Hubble Space Telescope people, who said, The thing is busted. Can you send a crew up there? ... So they go up there, and...its all fixed. The Hubble Space Telescope is fixed. And now, when they finished up, they put a sticker on the telescope that says, Objects may be closer than they appear.How about that Dick Cheney. I mean talk about a guy whos gone crazy, you know? ... Talk about a bearcat, a bulldog. I mean, hes ? he gave a big speech today on terror in the United States and how the Obama Administration better be careful, they dont want to go soft on terror. And the speech was, I dont know, I guess it was well-received. And Cheney was so excited, at the end of the speech he goes out into the lobby and he waterboarded folks.But the speech went over pretty well. I mean, Cheney was interrupted five times by applause and 50 times by people screaming, Stop! Ill tell you everything! What do you want to know? Just stop, please! Dont go on!Got her start as a WWE wrestling referee.In spare time, she enjoys stealing neighbors mail.Once stayed up for five straight nights to win NASCAR tickets.Impressed Obama by putting gavel in her mouth.From 1983 to 1987, was married to Motor City Madman Ted Nugent.Been known to bust the glass and steal Twix bars from courthouse vending machines.Chambers are decorated to look like helm of the Starship Enterprise.Has already asked not to be seated next to Clarence Thomas.Demonstrated impeccable judgment by watching Conan.Beautiful day here in New York City, am I right? So nice today that General Motors sold a convertible.It was so sunny today, that GM executives came out of bankruptcy court squinting.General Motors filed for bankruptcy. Said they owe $175 billion, filed for bankruptcy. You know what that means, ladies and gentlemen? You know what it means, GM filing for bankruptcy? Ill tell you what it means. It means another enormous bonus for their CEO. Thats what it means.Yeah, the taxpayers are going to be lending bankrupt General Motors $30 billion. Taxpayers money. Exactly, right. I mean, GM has become Americas brother-in-law. You know what I mean?Over the weekend George W. Bush ? you remember George W. -- and Bill Clinton, Bubba -- you remember Bubba. They had a debate up there in Toronto, Canada. Up in Toronto. Yeah. The last time they were both in Canada, I think, was when they were trying to get out of Vietnam. Is that right? Do you remember? Something like that. I dont know.Were you aware of this, ladies and gentlemen, folks visiting from out of town? New York City is now presidential date USA. Huh? Yeah. Over the weekend, the Obamas, Barack and his wife Michelle, visited New York City, went to a show, then they had dinner at a restaurant down in the Village. And kind of an embarrassing moment. Did you read about this? At one point, the Secret Service -- and these guys are really jumpy, you know? They cant relax for a second. And it was very embarrassing. They jump up, they run to the table, and they wrestle a pepper grinder to the floor. Did you hear about that?And then talk about another awkward moment. Barack Obama, the President, decides hes going to pick up a baby and kiss it. ... And it turned out, guess what? It was Mayor Bloomberg.But the highlight of the big weekend date for Michelle Obama, at the end of the day, she got to plant a vegetable garden in Donald Trumps hair.But you know, people get upset about everything. People are already screaming. They say, You know what that little date that the President and his wife went on in New York City, you know what that cost people? Twenty four thousand dollars. ... It lasted four hours and it cost $24,000. And former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer said, Thats about right.Top Ten Messages on Dick Cheneys Answering Machine:You feelin okay?Hey, its Rumsfeld -- do you think anyone knows about us?Is your Tony Awards party still on for Sunday?This is Blockbuster. Your copy of The Good, The Bad and The Oily is nine days late.Loved the window treatments in your secret bunker.Hi, this is Kevin. Howd you like a heart attack youll never forget?Thanks for condoning same-sex marriage, but could you do it without the sneer?Senator Larry Craig here. I knew it...Hi, Im looking for Dick.How about that Dick Cheney? Do you remember Dick Cheney? Now heres a guy we didnt really think much about until he goes hunting one day. And everything changed. I mean, he became Dick Kaboom Cheney. He is now saying that Saddam Hussein had no connection with 9/11. Well, no harm done.And Cheney now is criticizing the Obama Administration because theyre trying to close Guantanamo Bay. ... He says they dont have a clear plan for closing Gitmo. Thats what Cheney says to the Obama Administration. And I was thinking, well, you know, Cheney is right, because that Iraq war thing was so well thought out.Then Cheney is on television yesterday. Hes giving an hour-long speech. In the...speech, hes defending waterboarding. ... I thought, boy, thats a tough call -- would you rather be waterboarded or listen to Cheney for an hour?And then Dick Cheney said he supports same-sex marriage. And then he floated away in his house.Hey, how about General Motors? Oh, my gosh. Its crazy whats going on. General Motors, bankrupt. Biggest corporation in the world and now they still want money. They still want billions more bailout money. I think I speak for all Americans when I say, You want more money? Wait here while I talk to the manager. Ill be right back.What a tough week for General Motors. First the bankruptcy and then earlier today, I dont know if you heard about this, Mr. Goodwrench eloped with one of the Pep Boys. Thats a true story.This was kind of cute. You remember when President Obama, before he was elected, he said if he won the election and they moved to the White House he would get the kids a doggie? They finally got the kids a doggie and its a Portuguese water dog and the dogs name is Bo. Today...President Obama is with the reporters. Hes running through the tricks that Bo does. ... And then Bo, to show you how smart this dog is, went and retrieved a tennis ball that was hidden in some ivy. Pretty good, huh? And then Joe Biden says, Wait a minute. Thats my job. Come on. What am I supposed to do?You know about that North Korean madman dictator Kim Jong Il. Well, theres word he may be letting go and stepping down. And apparently to get the guy to relinquish power, in order to get him to step down and leave his office, they offered him the 10:00 spot. I just heard that. And they think he could be replaced by his son, Kim Jong W Il.Top Ten Signs Its Time For Kim Jong-Il To Retire:Instead of dear leader, now insists on being called Petey.Hasnt stopped sobbing since Susan Boyle lost.Plans to spend summer following Coldplay.Eager to appear in new reality show, Im a Murderous Dictator...Get Me Out of Here!Hardly ever updates his erotic blog.Spends all day watching classic episodes of Miami Vice on Hulu.Hinting he wants to play quarterback for the Vikings.Republic already named his successor, Conan Jong-Il.Having trouble getting his missile off the ground, if you know what Im sayin.Have you been following this North Korea situation with Kim Jong-Il? You know Kim Jong-Il? The guy is nuts. And hes apparently threatening nuclear missiles and so on and so forth. And hes getting to be a little older, so now hes appointed his son to take over for him when he steps down. And his sons name is Kim Jong-Un. Thats his name, Kim Jong-Un. And I think the son is weird also, because hes already announcing plans that hes going to turn North Korea into a disco.Everybody thinks about it, you know, having a son who will one day take over. But this Kim Jong-Un...may not be that smart, because a couple of times a day he asks people over there, Uh, so is this North Korea or South Korea?Talk about a guy who wont go away. How about Osama bin Laden? I mean, come on. Come on with this guy. And theres another one of those aggravating tapes that he sends out from time to time and they put them on the Al Jazeera network. Theres a new tape and people say, Well, how do we know this is a current tape? Well Ill tell you how you can tell that this...is a current tape. At the end of the tape, he wishes Jay luck on the new 10:00 p.m. show.And in the new tape, its a long, crazy man, lunatic rant condemning President Obama. Oh no, wait a minute, thats Cheney. That was Cheney doing that.Very strange tape from Osama bin Laden. He claims that American Idol was fixed, number one. And then he demands the release of Phil Spector.How about that Dick Cheney? Hes really quite busy here lately. Hes talking. He says now that Saddam Hussein, listen to this, think about this, Saddam Hussein, who used to be the guy running the show there in Iraq, said Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with 9/11. Whoa. And to get that information, Cheney admits that he had to waterboard himself.Yeah, Cheneys all hot about it. He says America is now less safe. He said Obama is making America less safe. And then to prove his point, Cheney...shot a hunting buddy in the face. Thats exactly what he did.But now -- and this could be pivotal -- President Obama is in Saudi Arabia. Were you aware of that? Yep, hes in Saudi Arabia. He spent the night at King Abdullahs ranch. He has a ranch there. Its the Lazy Camel.Think about this. Obama is in the Middle East trying to straighten out the world, trying to make things better than they were. And talk about pressure, talk about a guy whos being busy, talk about a guy, every move is being scrutinized. Meanwhile, on the other hand, you have John McCain. Hes at a bakery waiting for his number to be called.And Obama, you know, when he travels, its a big deal. He arrived at the Saudi Arabia airport there with a plane load of staff, a plane load of press. Im telling you, this is costing more than a date with his wife Michelle.But listen to this. Now, I knew this was going to happen. They do this to everybody. They start digging around and they get these reporters and they go nuts and they want to write books and they publish newspapers. And I think, well, why dont you just mind your own business? Thats what I think. And they found out now that back in 2000, there was some marital tension in the Obama marriage. Some marital tension. Hey but, I mean, come on, who hasnt had a little marital tension? Am I right? Yeah. I am the epitome of marital tension. Just take a look at me. Take a look at the wreck I am.Rush Limbaugh, you know Rush Limbaugh? The new face of the Republican Party, Rush Limbaugh. He says now, listen to this, he says now that he might support Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor. Yes, depending on how much OxyContin he can get his hands on.Limbaugh is not sure about that endorsement. However, he does wholeheartedly endorse the baby-back ribs at Chilis.Remember John McCain? John McCain, he was running for president against Barack Obama? And Barack Obama right now is in the Middle East trying to settle things there. ... And by comparison, John McCain is at Applebees, blowing on his soup.John McCain said he may not endorse Sonia Sotomayor. He said he may not endorse her for the Supreme Court. And then he floated away in his house. Its just fun to say.By the way, I think this is good news. The CIA announced that they have a new lead on Osama bin Laden. ... They think that hes been hiding out in the $2,500 dollar seats at Yankee Stadium. They think thats where he is.How about that Korean dictator, Kim Jong-Il? Oh my gosh, whats the deal on that guy. Hes a little squirrelly, right? Am I right? And hes going to step down. Hes no longer going to be running North Korea. Hes turning power over to his son, Kim Jong W-Il. ... But that was a big disappointment to his other son, Jeb Il.Have you noticed all of the dictators are stepping down? Castro stepping down. Kim Jong-Il. Dick Cheney. Theyre all taking a break.I think Dick Cheney...is getting a little wacky, because earlier today, he came out in favor of same-sex waterboarding. Dick, are you all right? Are you okay, Dick?President Obama right now is in Saudi Arabia. And he gave a speech, a powerful speech today on television. And it preempted Al Jazeera, the network over there, the TV network over there. It preempted Al Jazeeras number one show, How I Met Your Mullah.Theres a new Osama bin Laden tape. You know, leave us alone -- is that what you are thinking? No, a new tape. And on the tape, a videotape, its awful. Hes drunk in the cave, Osama bin Laden, eating a cheeseburger off the floor.Top Ten Worst Summer Jobs:Mel Gibson divorce lawyer.Assistant in charge of applying sunscreen to Rush Limbaugh.Susan Boyle groomer.Second assistant in charge of applying sunscreen to Rush Limbaugh.Dick Cheney hunting buddy (4th year on the list).Jon & Kate Plus 8 marriage counselor.No number 3 -- writer left to work for Conan.General Motors CEO.Proofreader for George W. Bushs memoir.Program reminder, ladies and gentlemen -- you probably dont care about this, let me tell you anyway -- CBS on Sunday night, Tony Awards. ... The favorite show to win best musical Tony this year is a show about a former vice president -- have you seen it? Cheney Get Your Gun.Heres something kind of cool. Apparently, the Obamas -- the President and his wife, Michelle ? they, every Friday night, they have a date. Were you aware of this? Friday night is date night for the Obamas. And last week, they came to New York City, and they went to a show, and they went and had dinner at a restaurant. And I thought, oh God, now the wifes gonna get ideas. My...wife and I dont go out to restaurants. We have our staring contest at home.But its interesting, a Democratic president dating his wife. And Bill Clinton -- you know what Bill Clinton said? When he heard about that, Bill Clinton said, Run that by me again. What?On this day, 1925, the Chrysler Corporation was founded. And had it lived, it would be 84 years old today.Founded in 1925; and lucky for you, the stock is still available at 1925 prices.The world of law and show business -- after six years and two trials, record producer Phil Spector sentenced to 19 years for murder. Yeah. And I say, okay, now that thats finished, lets move on to bin Laden. Lets go.Top Ten Highlights Of Sarah Palins Trip To New York:Laughed at all the crazy-looking foreigners entering the U.N.Made moose jerky on Rachael Ray.Keyed Tina Feys car.After a wink and a nod, ended up with a kilo of crack.Made coat out of New York City rat pelts.Sat in for Kelly Ripa. Regis couldnt tell the difference.Finally met one of those Jewish people Mel Gibsons always talking about.Bought makeup from Bloomingdales to update her slutty flight attendant look.Especially enjoyed not appearing on Letterman.You know who was in town this weekend, went to a Yankee game? Sarah Palin, governor of Alaska. ... And she was up there with Rudy Giuliani. They were sitting together. And their seats were, well, let me tell you where their seats were. They were way, way in far right field. They were so far right. Crazy.Sarah Palin...got there early and she was taken to her seat, shown to her seat, by Joe the Usher.While she was at the Yankee game, Sarah Palin managed to spend $150,000 on hats and t-shirts.But Sarah Palin -- it was exciting, because everybody loves New York City and she spent the entire weekend here in New York City. And late yesterday afternoon, as a matter of fact, she actually pulled out her rifle, and she shot that thing on Donald Trumps head. Tremendous weekend.Big night for Angela Lansbury. She won a record fifth Tony Award. ... And she was...named acting president of General Motors. Did you know that?The newest nominee for the Supreme Court, Sonia Sotomayor, broke her ankle at LaGuardia Airport. Broke it in three places. And listen to this, at least two of those breaks have to be approved by the Senate.She broke it right out there at LaGuardia Airport, stumbled on a thing and busted her leg, very painful. But fortunately, Rush Limbaughs maid was right there at the gate with a little...Here, try a little...And then, Rush said he hopes her ankle doesnt heal.The first detainee from Guantanamo Bay arrived in New York City for trial. ... You know what that means? Hell be back on the street tomorrow.Its crazy the way things work. They bring the guy ? hes locked up down there for four years in Guantanamo Bay ? they bring him to New York City for trial. But hes everywhere. Tomorrow, Barnes and Noble. This guy will be at Barnes and Noble, signing copies of his new book, Too Fat to Jihad.Boy, this is a weird story. Supreme Court nominee Sonya Sotomayor is at LaGuardia and she breaks her ankle. ... This happened, like, two days ago. And in a 5-to-4 ruling, the current justices have voted to send her a get well card.Hey, yesterday, Hezbollah was defeated in the Lebanese elections. ... Thats right. Hezbollah was defeated...so now they have no choice but to merge with Fiat.In Iran, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is in a tight race. ... This guy is everywhere trying to drum up support. On Sunday, he was on the Iranian talk show, Eliminate the Press.If you think about it, were losing short, tiny dictators. If Mahmoud Ahmadinejad loses, hes gone. And then you got Kim Jong-Il. Hes gone. So then the only dictator left, tiny dictator left, will be Mayor Bloomberg.You know whos in New York City? ... Sarah Palin from Alaska. Yeah, shes here. You know those sightseeing helicopters? You can take a ride around Manhattan, so she got in one of those and she was up there shooting rats.She had a lot of fun. She visited stuff. She went to Yankee Stadium with Rudy Giuliani. They had seats in the far, far right field. They had a wonderful time.The toughest part of her visit was keeping Eliot Spitzer away from her daughter.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Late Show, a division of Fiat.Ladies and gentlemen, I am in so much trouble, because ? Ill tell you why -- the governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, is angry with me. Fuming, angry, seeing red, and has called me pathetic. Yup, thats right. Honestly, I havent been called pathetic -- well, since the honeymoon, actually.But, I wont kid you. I was feeling a little depressed when I heard that the Governor was mad at me and called me pathetic. To cheer myself up, I went out and spent $150,000 on clothes, and I feel better now.I was thinking about this -- great, my luck, I pissed off a hunter. There he is! Get him!Folks been following the elections in Iran? I know you...have. Anyway, President Ahmadinejad is in a tight race, but today, he got great news for the campaign -- he was endorsed by Mel Gibson.Listen to this -- listen to how the power of the world is changing. Ahmadinejad may lose his job, and the Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il is stepping down, and before you know it, the only tiny -- because these guys are all petite guys -- the only small control freaks left in the world will be, like, well, Tom Cruise. Is that right?Listen to this. There was a big storm down in the Washington, DC, area, and it toppled a tree. A giant, ancient tree toppled over. This is how crazy things are. When the tree toppled over, somebody contacted former Vice President Dick Cheney, and he said, See, well, there it goes. It proves that President Obama is soft on weather.But heres what happened. The grounds crew chop it up and then grind it up and use it for mulch. ... And I was thinking, you know, you can do the same thing with your General Motors stock.There is an agency now that keeps track of this kind of stuff, and I think its fascinating. Do you like the presidential minutia? I love it. I cant get enough of it. And according to this tracking agency, President Obama invokes the name Jesus Christ more frequently now than did George W. Bush for the same amount of time in his Presidency. ... I never really noticed it but Ill bet its true, because if you think about it, Obama is always saying, Jesus! Why did I run for president?Heres big news from the world of TV. And I dont know if you guys are ready for this or not. If you have an old TV, tomorrow, it wont work unless you digitalize it. ... Youve got to get a converter thing and a lot of people are confused about this. For example, earlier today, John McCain...wanted to know after the...conversion, will his TV dinner still work.You folks been following the Iranian elections? ... Well this guy, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, hes running for re-election. Have you seen this guy? This guy looks like the kind of guy that tries to get to you buy a cell phone you dont need. You know what I mean?He looks like one of those guys that would be wearing a Members Only jacket.He looks like one of those guys they drag away every week on Dateline, you know what I mean?Boy, heres a story that wont go away. Miss California -- remember Miss California? Got herself in a lot of trouble, shooting her mouth off. Gee, I wonder what thats like.Well, now, Miss Californias been fired. ... Dont worry. President Obama said he will announce a replacement within a week, so that will be good.Well, its been a busy week here on the late show. Earlier in the week, I made some jokes that upset Sarah Palin. And I was telling jokes about her family and stuff. She got really upset. And I think everythings fine now. I think everythings going to be great because she called today and...offered to take me hunting.Is this cuz of the swine flu?Can I still mute The View?Will I have to do a digital switchover for my waffle maker also?Any chance this will make Letterman funny?Can you help me? I swallowed my remote.Uh...is that today?Can you pass a law to bring back Gunsmoke?Does this mean Oprah can finally see me watching her?Seriously, shouldnt you idiots be working on the economy?Today is the day, the big digital changeover. Are you ready for this? Do you know what it means? Nah, I dont either. You gotta...change over to a digital thing for your TV and everybody is getting ready down in Washington. Dick Cheney, as a matter of fact, hooked up a converter to his pacemaker.Theres a movie out now called The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3. ... And its a remake. They originally made this movie in 1974. But its been updated, this movie. In this version, the subway is hijacked by Somali pirates.Hey, celebrity birthday. ... Donald Trump, 63 years old this weekend. ... Trump says hell celebrate this year by destroying pristine wetlands and putting up overpriced condos.Top Ten Questions Messages On Mahmoud Ahmadinejads Answering Machine:I voted for you, now where is that goat you promised me?Dude, whered you get that sweet tan windbreaker?Its Kim Jong-Il. Congratulations. See you at Khaddafis for Thursday nights Texas Holdem.Hey Mahmoud, hey, Mad Dog. Can the Yankees win with that bullpen?Sorry, wrong number -- I was looking for Maxine Ahmadinejad.Its Jeb Bush. Those crooked voting machines arrive on time?Osama here. My cables out -- can I come over to watch Gossip Girl?According to exit polls, soccer moms thought your beard was H-O-T hot.Its Dubya. Congratulations on winning the election in whatever country youre in.Welcome to the Late Show. Im Dave Letterman, goodwill ambassador. I got a call from Mom earlier today and she told me she was siding with the Governor.Honestly, how many of you are only here tonight hoping that Ill offend somebody else?Heres...good news for visitors. Times Square, have you been down to Times Square? Its now -- well, its now a pedestrian mall. ... They have 400 beach chairs in the...middle of the street. And if you dont get one of those beach chairs, well, Ill lend you a bag of my hate mail. You can relax on that.You folks know about Bernie Madoff? Oh, oh, I mean, most hated man in America. Me, Bernie Madoff. Its right there. Its...kind of a one, two thing. He was way out in front til a couple of days ago. But...the New York Times says his wife, Ruth, is the loneliest woman in New York City. ... Shunned by friends and neighbors. Well, tell me about it.How many of you folks are following the elections in Iran? Hard not to. Its compelling. Well, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected...and won by a landslide, ladies and gentlemen. And I, you know, I guess the voters couldnt resist his good looks and charisma.But there were problems with the ballots in the Iranian election. And who...would have thought that? There was a mistake. Thousands of Iranians ended up voting for Pat Buchanan.But I hope they get this figured out. I hope it goes away soon, because the last thing we need is unrest in the Middle East.But the guy, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, hes very happy that he won. He was up all night shooting nuclear missiles into the air.And then, after the elections, the supreme leader in Iran certified the election results and shipped the crooked voting machines back to Florida.Because earlier, in the Iranian elections, it was a tie. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the other guy...were tied, and now, couple a days later, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wins by a landslide. I dont know. People are very upset. ... I mean, they sparked violent protests, calls for investigation, there is national outrage. Uh, wait a minute, thats me.Top Ten Things Overheard At The Fire David Letterman Rally:Well, it was nice of CBS to provide the catering.We should have done this years ago.What idiot turned Broadway into a pedestrian mall?Isnt there always a crowd demanding Letterman be fired?March around the potholes, people.Can we also get CBS to bring back Gunsmoke?When does Cheney get here with the waterboarding gear?He should apologize for that hairpiece.Thanks for coming, Regis.Thank you very much. Welcome to the Late Show, ladies and gentlemen. Now, when I call your name, please come forward and pick up your apology.I want to get through this as quickly as possible so you folks can get to the Fire Dave rally.Its nice that people hate me who are no longer just part of my immediate family.My son, you know, hes telling everybody at school that his father is Conan.Yeah, theres a Fire Dave rally going on outside, but I think its just about over because the last time I looked, they were breaking up and heading to Flashdancers. So I think its going to be all right.But lets focus on the good news. And the good news is that Sarah Palin has accepted my apology. ... And she also accepted a $500 gift certificate from LensCrafters. I thought that was a nice touch.Ill tell you, to be honest, I was quite nervous about this whole thing. And I was really nervous about an apology to Sarah Palin. So what I did to get my confidence up, to get my nerves to settle down, I rehearsed by apologizing to Tina Fey. That helped. That was a big help.Trouble here in New York City with Canada geese. And because they pose a threat to...air travel in New York...New York City is now at war with Canada geese. ... And Mayor Bloomberg is serious about this. He is so serious, hes bringing in Dick Cheney.Have you folks been following the Iranian elections? ... Well how about this Mahmoud Ahmadinejad? You know, he ? he won, he has won the election now. And people are angry, and theyre demanding a recount. And as a matter of fact, the last unofficial account actually had Al Franken ahead. Theyve gone crazy.And the Iranian government denies that there are crowds of protesters in the street. Theyre out there, like 100,000 people in the streets of Iran protesting. But the government denies that protests are going on. They say its just citizens enjoying their new pedestrian mall.Barack Obama is closing down that Guantanamo Bay. Did you hear about this? ... And they had, like, 300 desperate, awful, nasty prisoners. And they say, All right, well, theyre shutting it down, what do you do with those guys? I say, aw hell, bring em to the audience. Let em come and enjoy the show. Have a nice time. Participate in the rally.But hes sending some of these people to Bermuda. And the really tough ones, theyre...going to Ft. Lauderdale.He doesnt know what to do with the Guantanamo Bay prisoners, and I was thinking, well, you know, if you want to keep em busy, just put em in charge of my hate mail.Glad you people are here. Because yesterday, we had kind of a thing, and think about this -- this was a little weird. Right here, were doing the show, right across the street on Broadway, they had the Fire Dave rally going on. Yeah. I mean, it was a gathering of people who actually hate me. Now, at my house, we call that Thanksgiving.And I just...want to say a word of thanks to the great CBS television network. Theyve been wonderful through everything. ... But yesterday, I thought maybe they were just a little too eager to cash in on this whole thing with the rally. I mean, at the CBS store out on the corner, you know, they were selling highly flammable Dave Letterman effigies.Well, heres more big news going on in Iran. You folks been following the Iranian elections? ... Well, here it is. Its President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his opponent, Mir Hossein Mousavi. And they had one of those friendly bets. If Ahmadinejad wins the election, he gets a crate of figs, see. If Mousavi wins the election, he gets brutally slain.So now theyre going through the recount. Theyre recounting the ballots cast in the Iranian election, and today they found 14 more votes for Norm Coleman.Its illegal for rallies or demonstrations in Iran. ... But yet you turn on the news, and you see hundreds of thousands of people in the streets protesting, and the government says, No, no, no. Thats not a public protest. Those are just people lining up to see The Hangover.Heres the breakdown of the Iranian election: 63% of the vote for Ahmadinejad; Mousavi, hes got 34% of the vote; and 3% of the vote goes to Ralph Nader.You folks know about Guantanamo Bay. ... For years, theyve had terrorists and thugs and international criminals and vicious, awful people down there in ...Guantanamo. ... Well, now, Obama says, Oh no, thats no good. But what are you going to do with all of em? And I said, Well, hell, bring em here, put em in the audience? ... How bad can it be, I said? Some nights, itd be an improvement.But now, Barack Obama says that four of the Guantanamo prisoners are going to Bermuda. Same thing CBS is trying to do with me.Bermuda. Thats right. Yeah, theyre looking for something to keep them busy. Well, hell, they can answer my hate mail.Dont kid yourself. Youre thinking, Bermuda, tough, really? ... Yes, yes. Let me answer that for you. The prisons in Bermuda are no laughing matter. Its a tough place: no flip-flops in the dining room.Well, our old friend John McCain -- and I think we should all follow this mans example -- bought a hybrid car. ... Its not his first hybrid car. His first one was actually a horse and buggy.Yeah, its a hybrid car. I hear this one runs on...gasoline and Metamucil.My family...is taking me out to brunch on Fathers Day. Im looking forward to the picketing.But my son, God bless him. In school, he made me a very special Fathers Day gift. ... Its a...huge in-box for all my hate mail.And by the way, if...you havent bought dad a gift for Fathers Day, you cant go wrong with the new book by Rush Limbaugh. You know the one Im talking about? Too Fat to Fish.Theyre having a lot of trouble over there in Iran. They had the presidential election. And Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- it was controversial, they were tied, and now hes claiming that he won by a landslide. So his opposition, theyre out on the streets. And you know, when youre out in Iran, youre not supposed to be -- public displays, no, you cant do that. And its like hundreds of thousands of people in the streets now protesting this election. And the government is going crazy. And theyre saying, No, no, no, no. Its not a -- no, that, thats not a protest. Those are folks just lining up to get their new iPhones.But this guy, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, I mean, he claims victory and he is very unpopular. ... And the danger politically of this, he could ruin the political career of his brother, Jeb Ahmadinejad.But the Iranian supreme leader...will be speaking about the presidential election tomorrow. And if he does well, Al Jazeera will give him the 10:00 p.m. spot.Heres some wacky news. Last week, Sonia Sotomayor busted up her leg and I guess yesterday Secretary of State Hillary Clinton broke her elbow. ... Its crazy. And I was thinking, what a coincidence. I have a bad elbow myself. I really do. Its from all the drinking Ive been doing the last couple of weeks. Hello!But I thought this was nice. When he heard she broke her elbow, Rush Limbaugh sent over some painkillers. So shes going to be fine.But she ? heres what happened. This was sad. Hillary apparently broke her elbow when she slipped and fell bursting into Bills office unannounced.Heres fascinating news. Dick Cheney, do you remember Dick Cheney? Dick Boom Boom Cheney. His approval rating is up to 26%, up to 26%. Yeah, crazy, isnt it? ... Hes been upgraded from hated to unpopular.Im not surprised that Dick Cheneys approval rating has really soared, really skyrocketed, up to 26%. Because you know, he gave people what they wanted. He left office.Ladies and gentlemen, good news, and not expected good news -- the West Nile virus is not going to be a problem this summer...because all the mosquitoes are out sick with swine flu.Tomorrow begins Gay Pride Week here in New York City. ... I love the Gay Pride Week. Where else can you see 300 guys dressed up like Sarah Palin?President Barack Obamas approval rating of 61%, which I thought was staggeringly high, has now dropped to 56%. ... So dont kid yourselves. Hillary could still win this thing.Did you hear this? Hillary Clinton busted her elbow. Apparently, she slipped and hit the floor when she...went home to her husband early, unannounced.And she hasnt recovered yet. As a matter of fact, shes still wearing her orthopedic pantsuit.John McCain is being more outspoken about President Obamas foreign policy and his Iranian strategy. And today, McCain got so loud and so angry, and he was screaming, that they asked him to leave Dennys.You folks following the Iranian elections? ... Well, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is the winner. And lots of protests. ... And it got to be so crazy that Irans supreme leader actually spoke live on television last night. And it preempted Al Jazeeras most popular show, their number one show over there, which is How I Met Your Camel.But the supreme leader said that the Iranian elections were not rigged. ... Well, thats good enough for me.He did say that there was some trouble early on and they did make some errors. As a matter of fact, hes now saying that they forgot to count votes for Susan Boyle.But the Iranian government is planning a curfew because things are getting so crazy in Iran. ... And I thought...if there is one thing an angry mob respects, by God, its a curfew, isnt it?President Barack Obamas approval rating of 61%, which I thought was staggeringly high, has now dropped to 56%. ... So dont kid yourselves. Hillary could still win this thing.Did you hear this? Hillary Clinton busted her elbow. Apparently, she slipped and hit the floor when she...went home to her husband early, unannounced.And she hasnt recovered yet. As a matter of fact, shes still wearing her orthopedic pantsuit.John McCain is being more outspoken about President Obamas foreign policy and his Iranian strategy. And today, McCain got so loud and so angry, and he was screaming, that they asked him to leave Dennys.You folks following the Iranian elections? ... Well, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is the winner. And lots of protests. ... And it got to be so crazy that Irans supreme leader actually spoke live on television last night. And it preempted Al Jazeeras most popular show, their number one show over there, which is How I Met Your Camel.But the supreme leader said that the Iranian elections were not rigged. ... Well, thats good enough for me.He did say that there was some trouble early on and they did make some errors. As a matter of fact, hes now saying that they forgot to count votes for Susan Boyle.But the Iranian government is planning a curfew because things are getting so crazy in Iran. ... And I thought...if there is one thing an angry mob respects, by God, its a curfew, isnt it?Do you know anything about this...swindling weasel Bernie Madoff? ... Hes in jail now and they havent even sentenced the guy yet. But hes in the cooler right now. And he is barred -- I heard this today -- barred from working in the securities industry. Im thinking, well, great. How is the guy supposed to earn a living when he gets out of jail in 150 years?And his attorney is looking for a shorter sentence. He wants 12 years. Bernie wants 12 years. Well, you know, if anybody deserves a break, its this guy, really.Bernie could be going away for 150 years. Whoa, man, thats a long time. I mean, when he gets out, the Republicans could be back in.Have you been following whats going on in Iran? Oh, its crazy. They had the election. Now it looks like there was some monkey business going on. ... And now people...are demonstrating in the streets. And the government has imposed a curfew, in Iran. I was thinking, whoa, I just hope this doesnt ruin the swinging Iranian night life.Ahmadinejad has declared himself the winner of the election and is planning his inauguration. And I said, Well, why not? The country is really in a party mood. Lets go. Lets get those plans in order. Lets have some fun.And the leader of...Irans opposition party, Mousavi, the guy who apparently lost in the election, says hes ready to become a martyr. ... Dont kid yourselves. Its tough being a martyr nowadays, really. I mean, with the economy and all the budget cuts. When you die now, because of the economy, youre only going to be greeted by 35, maybe 40 virgins, tops.Anybody here from South Carolina? ... Well, their governor, their Governor Mark Sanford...just disappears for four days. ... Literally, takes a hike. Hes out. And now, hes back. And he says, Well whats the big deal? I was just on a vacation to clear my head. You see, we never had that head-clearing problem with Bush. You know what I mean?This is a big story because his wife, the governors wife, had no idea where the guy was for four days. And today he gets a call from Bill Clinton saying, Hey, whos your travel agent? Who, where, how do I ? how do I get in on this?Heres a big story, ladies and gentlemen. Yesterday, there was an earthquake in Alaska. Im kind of afraid to say anything.Top Ten Governor Mark Sanford Excuses: 10. Did I say hiking? I meant cheating. 9. Had to so something after devastating news about Jon and Kate. 8. I learned everything I know from Governor Spitzer. 7. Lets talk about more important issues like the Nestle Toll House cookie recall. 6. I learned everything I know from Governor McGreevey. 5. Its Ahmadinejads fault. 4. If you met my wife youd be fleeing the country too, am I right fellas? 3. Putting together my audition tape for The Amazing Race. 2. If you run a state and decide to leave the country for a week, since when do you have to tell someone? 1. It wasnt me, it was my hilarious alter ego, Bruno.Anybody here from South Carolina? ... Their governor down there, Mark Sanford...disappears. ... Hes gone for four days. The first time he said he was hiking the Appalachian Trail. ... Okay, Im just dumb enough to believe that. Then he says, No, no, no, forget the Appalachian Trail. I was in South America. Now, Im not sure Im with him. Today he said he woke up in Las Vegas, hung over with a tiger and a baby.I have to be careful here. I havent had much luck with jokes about governors, so I have to be careful.But now it turns out that he was in Argentina with another woman. A married guy, got a family, hes in Argentina with another woman. And heres what I want to know -- why cant he be like our former governor and use a local escort service? Whats the problem?You know about this Bernie Madoff, the weasel? The guy -- I mean, up to a couple of weeks ago, he was the most hated man in America. And then I had my trouble with the governor of Alaska.Well, theyre getting ready to sentence the guy...and theyre talking about he could go away for quite a long time, and hes now asking the judge for a reduced sentence. Did you know you could do that? I had no idea you could say, Well, you know what? I was thinking more in terms of, you know, maybe a weekend now, and a weekend after the holidays.Yeah, Bernie is asking for a sentence of 12 years. ... Nice to see the guy hasnt lost his sense of humor.But in addition...to the sentence, he is also banned from trading securities. And I thought, well, they nipped that in the bud. Way to go.You guys remember Dick Cheney? Vice President for eight years? ... Listen to this -- and by all means try to stay in your seats when you hear the news. Dont be rushing out to bookstores. Hes written a memoir about his life. Not just a memoir, a thousand pages! ... Its a great book. You can actually use it to stand on to reach a better book.This guy doesnt say anything for eight years, and now hes got a thousand-page book? ... Talk about torture. Theres your torture right there.Anyway, the book...is fantastic, and you better get to Barnes & Noble early for the book shooting.You folks been following whats going on in...Iran? ... Listen to this. Theyve been going over the voting results, the presidential election, and the president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, received more than 100% of the vote.And now, you know, youre not supposed to have any kind of a protest and the government is saying, Theres no protesting going on. People are not booing. The crowds that you see are not booing. Theyre just chanting, Mahmoud! Mahmoud! Mahmoud!But the Iranian supreme leader says the election results are official. He said, Its over, the election results are official. And besides that, it costs too much to rig another election.And...President Obama, this guy takes everything seriously. Hes very upset about whats going on in Iran. As a matter of fact, today he announced that hes going to stop smoking Camels.Top Ten Surprising Facts About Governor Mark Sanford: 10. Began last State of the State address, Yo, whats happenin, mama? 9. Promised his wife hed be faithful within the 48 contiguous states. 8. On Facebook, lists his relationship status as Its complicated. 7. Becoming disgraced governor ruined his dream of becoming disgraced president. 6. Hoping scandal will get him out of attending in-laws Fourth of July cookout. 5. Was sick and tired of Eliot Spitzer holding title Love Gov. 4. Often gets fan mail intended for Redd Foxx. 3. His goal in life is to commit adultery on all seven continents. 2. Made it safe for me to joke about Republican governors again. 1. Entered politics because he enjoyed polling.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The Late Show. My name is Dave, or as the governor of South Carolina would say, gracias!Hey, you know what is going on over in Iran with the election? Have you been following that? Oh, its crazy. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has declared himself a winner. Had a victory party. And he came out at the victory party and he thanked...the 148% of the people who voted for him.This Ahmadinejad guy, during all those protests, keeping a very low profile in Iran. His staff said he was hiking.President Obama was so upset about the Iranian crackdown...that he told the Iranian diplomats that they would not be invited to the Fourth of July party. ... And I said, well, by God, that will teach them right there.And its a darn shame because Ahmadinejad makes wonderful potato salad.Anybody here from South Carolina? Youre here but you dont want to admit it.Well, its the latest political scandal. Mr. And Mrs. Sanford, you know, the Jon and Kate of politics.Turned out the governor...disappears, for like, the weekend. ... Finally, his staff said, Dont worry about the Governor, he is on the Appalachian Trail hiking. But it turns out he was in South America. And it turned out he was down there because he was...with a woman from Argentina. ... Seeing a woman from Argentina named Maria. ... And I was thinking Judge Sotomayor was apparently wrong because Latina woman dont necessarily have better judgment than white men.What if there is trouble and you cant find the governor. Well, how does that make you feel? Horrible, doesnt it? And Im thinking, South Carolina, what if they get the call that North Carolina is invading.Its a disaster for everybody down there in South Carolina. Although I have to say, yesterday, it was nice to see somebody else apologize on TV.But...in this sense, Gov. Sanford is a little like President Obama. He has Friday night date night, its just not with his wife.Top Ten Signs Youre Too Fat: 8. Barack Obama has requested $3 billion to bail you out of your bed.Top Ten Signs Youre Too Fat: 6. Often get free waffles at Dennys by claiming to be Rush Limbaugh.Welcome to the show. Im Dave Letterman, gradually working my way back into your hearts. By the way, if you need an apology, give me a call.Okay, coming up, a big holiday, Fourth of July. ... The big concern, of course, illegal fireworks. Illegal fireworks. But enough about North Korea.How I can describe the Letterman family barbecue on the Fourth of July. Its like an Iranian election with coleslaw.The worlds oldest man passed away -- 113 years old. ... It was really sad because he had just switched from analog to digital.Celebrity birthday, Ross Perot. Do you remember Ross Perot? Ran for president a couple times; 79 years old today and still vital, vibrant, and going strong. As a matter of fact, he received 9% of the vote in Iran.Everybody have a nice, happy Fourth of July? ... We took Mom to see the fireworks. ... I thought it was going to be a lot of fun. Every time, a big one goes off, my mom screams, Its North Korea! Its North Korea! Run!How about that North Korea? ... Over the weekend, launched seven missiles, and Joe Biden, the Vice President, says that theyre just trying to get attention. Well, that should calm things down.Mark Sanford...described his girlfriend as his soulmate. ... And I thought, well, if there is one thing that beautiful women love, its a fiscal conservative, am I right?But...Governor Mark Sanford didnt really enjoy this years Fourth of July. He left his favorite firecracker in Argentina.Well, ladies and gentlemen, heres something very exciting. President Obama is in Russia...although he told his staff he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail.But hes over there. Hes talking about getting some major concessions from the Russians. And Russia has agreed -- now, this is surprising -- they agreed now to produce fewer nuclear warheads and more hot tennis babes.President Obama is in Russia. And we know this because Sarah Palin says she can see him from her house.There was a surprising announcement over the weekend. Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin is leaving the office. Shes stepping down. Something I said?But...a lot of public figures do this. And Ive tried to do it. Doesnt work. You blame the media. When you have trouble, you blame the media. And today, as a matter of fact, she was up in a helicopter, shooting Wolf Blitzer.But I was talking to a lady here in the audience whos from Alaska. And we were wondering about this. How does a thing like this work? Because she steps down and no longer the governor of Alaska. And we figured it out, the title now is -- Miss Congeniality steps up, I think, -- is now the governor of Alaska. I think so.Top Ten Messages On Sarah Palins Answering Machine:Its John McCain -- why did I call?Mark Sanford here. Ever been to Argentina?Im calling from GEICO to see if you want to renew your dogsled insurance.Its Letterman -- we still cool?McCain again. Still no idea why I calledHi, its the dry cleaner. Having trouble getting caribou blood out of your Prada jacket.Hi, its Sarah...oops...dialed my own number.Schwarzenegger here. If you want a job, California could use a new governor.Hey, its McCain. Who wouldve thought youd retire before I did?Heres something whacky. Osama bin Ladens first wife -- and this guy has literally like 40 wives or something, yeah, 40 wives -- well his first wife, wife number one, is writing a book all about Osama bin Laden. Its a fascinating story. And it talks about when Osama was 16 years old, when he was just a kid, listen to this, he wrecked the family camel.But the book is going to be huge. Its being published by Random Cave.Anybody here from Minnesota? Congratulations on your new senator, Al Franken, finally sworn in as senator of Minnesota. Sworn in today, down in Washington. ... A lovely ceremony, officiated by the Church Lady.They swear him in today. Listen to this. He has to race right back to Minnesota to begin his re-election campaign. Its crazy.President Obama is in Russia. ... Today he waved to Sarah Palin.President Obama is in Russia. He met with Putin. ... Meanwhile, in Arizona, John McCain was chasing kids off his lawn.But its an important trip for Obama to go to Russia. Hes gotten a lot of concessions. He has now gotten the Russians to agree to decrease production of nuclear warheads. Well thats not bad right there. ... And, thats not all. Theyre going to increase production of fruit-flavored vodka.But its not all fun and games for President Obama over there in Russia. He has a busy agenda. Today, he visited the birthplace of Yakov Smirnoff.Now how about this, ladies and gentlemen? The governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, has announced she is stepping down. She will no longer be the governor of Alaska. First thing, she woke up and went out on her porch and waved good-bye to Russia. Obama was waving to her.But shes going to take the summer off, and then will come back next fall in the 10 oclock slot.She said that before she decided to quit, she called Dick Cheney. ... Do you remember Dick Ka-boom Cheney? ... And I thought, well, this is great because when you want some advice on strategic maneuvers, I mean, you go to the architect of the Iraqi war. I mean, isnt that where you go? Thats where you want to be.But friends of Governor Palin are saying that she is resigning because she is tired of attacks from the media. ... Thank God I didnt say anything.Top Ten Questions Bernie Madoff Asked Today In Prison: 5. Will I get special treatment if I help the guards hide money from the IRS?I know we got a lot of people here from out of town, and I hate to bring bad news to you, because I know its your vacation, a lot of people are here on vacation. And New York City, because of all the rain ? its really nobodys fault -- we got a mosquito problem. ... So, the good news is the blood suckers are no longer just on Wall Street.Anybody ever been in prison? ... Bernie Madoff, the...nasty, awful swindler, hes going to be there for 150 years. You know what he did? He hired a prison consultant. ... I think its Martha Stewart.But good news for Madoffs wife, Ruth. ... They returned her passport. She has her passport back. Earlier, she flew off to Argentina with Governor Sanford.Kim Jong Il...today made rare public appearance. Heres what happened. He saw the shadow of his hair, went back in his hole.But...Kim Jong Il watchers saw King Jong Il, and they said he didnt look good. They said, in fact, he was pale and haggard, and the headlines of the North Korean newspapers today read Kim Jong Il Ill.North Korea has gone nuts. I dont know what is going on over there. There was a huge computer attack. Was your computer okay? We had a big computer attack from -- they dont know what happened. They shut down the US Treasury Department website. Man! ... I was stunned. I said, Whoa! The US still has a Treasury Department?President Obama is at one of the G-8 summits in Italy. ... Meanwhile, Senator John McCain, who ran for president against Obama, is in Arizona, heating up a can of Chef Boyardee.This is what is on the agenda over there in Italy for the G-8 leaders. Financial crisis, global financial crisis. World poverty. Climate change. Giant transforming robots.But the G-8 summit in Italy is being hosted by Silvio Berlusconi, the...prime minister of Italy. And the meeting went pretty well. He was only interrupted once by his wife accusing him of adultery.Anybody here from Minnesota? ... Congratulations, you have a brand new senator, Al Franken. Al is an interesting guy. Went from being a comedian to politician. George Bush, the other way around.A lot of entertainers are getting in to politics. For example, Tina Fey says she might run for governor from Alaska.I want to say something here, and its kind of a sensitive area. ... There was a press conference, and Sarah Palin announced she is stepping down. Then the next day, there was footage of her...fishing. ... I mean -- say what you will -- I thought she looked great, so great, Russia was watching her.Sarah Palin no longer governor of Alaska, and it looks now, like she may get her own television program, you know. And I was thinking...I dont know, she seems pretty camera shy.But heres what I can tell you about having your own TV show. Sarah, if youre watching, and you get a TV show, you gotta be very careful what you say on the air, because you can get yourself into a lot of trouble, okay?Now how about this guy? That Osama bin Laden, what a guy. And turns out now his first wife -- and he had, like, 30 or 40 wives ? well, his first wife has written a book about being married to a bin Laden. And she says that she suspected the marriage was in trouble when he told her he was going for a hike on the Appalachian Trail.Najwa is her name, Najwa, and she said they had a lovely wedding. Friends got together and tied tin cans to the back of their camel.Oh, by the way, President Obama is in Italy attending the world summit, the G8 summit leaders. And meanwhile, in Arizona, Senator John McCain sat on his porch waving at cars.And as you know, in the G8 summit, the world leaders get together, theres usually a big protest. Not so many protests this year in Italy. However, there was one small Fire Dave rally.But the G8 leaders all said, Oh, look out, what are we going to do? The Earth is getting hot, getting hot, getting very, very hot. And they also warned that Megan Fox is getting too hot.World leaders pledged to stop global warming. They said, Yeah we got to stop global warming. And they all said, Yes, absolutely. Then they got on their private planes and flew home. So thatll nip that in the bud.Top Ten Signs Youre Staying At The Same Hotel As Osama Bin Laden:Sign on the door reads: Do Not Disturb, Infidel Pig Dog.The Predator drone circling above the pool bar.Clumps of camel hair in the Jacuzzi.Guy in the room next door keeps shouting, Death to overpriced minibar snacks!Maid leaves a chocolate-covered goats eye on your pillow.Main ballroom is booked for the 9th Annual Jihaddy Awards.You get on an empty elevator, but all the buttons are pushed and thats so bin Laden.You overhear concierge say, We dont offer turndown service for your turban.George W. Bush cant find the hotel.I dont want to hurt anybodys feelings, but in this...country, people are getting fatter. ... But now, to add insult to injury, or injury to insult, they have isolated the fattest state in the United States. Yup. Mississippi. And I thought, well this is no surprise. You know the state motto of Mississippi? Right there on the flag, it says, Are you gonna finish that?You know anything about -- we had a guy in town, hes gone away to jail now for 150 years -- Bernie Madoff? And now the US government has started...trying to find out about his wife, who had, like, $87 million. And she kept saying, Now this is not money that Bernie swiped. This is not -- this is not money that he swindled. This is not swindling money. You see, this is money I saved by switching to GEICO. They said, What?! Thats ? how is that possible, lady?So they took all of that money and shes down to $2.5 million. ... But I was thinking, you know, with that...and her Social Security and the $10 billion she has hidden in the Cayman Islands, well, she should be all right.But Ruth Madoff says she had no idea what Bernie was up to. And I thought, well, what a coincidence, neither did the SEC.But Ruth -- listen to this -- Ruth lost her house. Ruth lost her house, lost her car; has lost her savings. I mean, Im telling you, its like being a Bernie Madoff client.You folks worried about North Korea? ... Everybody is getting paranoid about North -- I took Mom to see the fireworks and every time they set off a big one, shed scream, Its North Korea!Its frightening times, when you think about it, with all these dictators. And they are all smallish. Theyre all on the small side. Kim Jong Il, tiny guy. Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, tiny guy. Mayor Bloomberg, tiny guy.But anyway, over the weekend, North Korea test fired several missiles. And it was their way of saying, Irans not the craziest country, we are the craziest country, so get ready.Top Ten Dick Cheney Excuses:It was so secret, I didnt even tell myself about it.Uh oh, chest pains -- gotta go!Wasnt me -- I was judging a water ski exhibition in Orlando.Hellooo -- everything I do is illegal.Spy program? I thought it was a pie program.No habla Ingles.I cant willfully violate the Constitution and the rights of every American citizen -- what is this, Russia?Dude, bros before hos.If I announced every evil thing I did, I wouldnt have time to shoot old guys in the face.Hot today in New York City. ... So hot today that Sarah Palin had to wear sunblock for her rambling press conference.There is a new Osama bin Laden tape. ... And people say, Well, is it a new tape? Yes. They verified it, its a new audiotape because in it, he says he doesnt think that Bruno is as funny as Borat.They began the confirmation hearings down in Washington for a new Supreme Court justice, Sonia Sotomayor. Anybody see it? Something always goes haywire. The hearings for the confirmation were delayed...until security could quiet down all of the Chuck Schumer groupies.But Sonia Sotomayor is in for a couple hours of...intense grueling, you know, like me when I get home late.But if youre interested in the confirmation hearings, you can watch them live on C-SPAN Dos.Beautiful weather here in New York City. Sunny, beautiful, sunny, clear day. It was so bright and sunny, you could even see what Dick Cheney was up to.So now it turns out that Dick Cheney, while he was Vice President, had a...private deal going with the CIA. And he goes to the CIA -- and those guys are pretty good at keeping a secret -- and he goes to the CIA, and he says, Boys, this will just be between you and me. Were going to run our own antiterrorism program. You and me. Dont tell Congress. Eight years this was going on. And when I heard this, I said to myself, Gosh, that doesnt sound like the Dick Cheney I know.They tried to get a hold of Cheney for comment, but his staff said, No, no, you cant talk to Cheney. Hes taking a hike on the Appalachian Trail.Very secret operation, went on for eight years. Nobody knew anything about it. The only thing they knew was that it was called Operation Hunting Accident.President Obama is going to be working in the broadcast booth during the All-Star Game. Everybody says, Oh, thats cute. But let me tell you something. You know the economy is bad when the President has to take a second gig.Top Ten Signs Sonia Sotomayor Is Getting Cocky:Spent the entire hearing updating her Twitter page.Interrupted questioning to get fitted for her robe.Turned surprisingly hostile when told, No open containers.Left early to tackle the case of Sotomayor vs. Applebees riblets.Started hitting on Clarence Thomas.Kept referring to Al Franken as Church Lady.Phoned in from All-Star Game in St. Louis to see how the confirmation hearings were going.Only answers she gave were, Maybe, and, How the hell should I know?Took the day off to go salmon fishing with Sarah Palin.You remember Dick Cheney, who was the Vice President for eight years with George W. Bush? And we didnt think much about Dick Cheney...and then one day he goes hunting, boy, that changed everything. Well now it turns out that for eight years, Dick Cheney...had a secret hit squad to assassinate al Qaeda leaders. ... And the team was unbelievable. Heres who was on the team: Lee Marvin; Jim Brown; John Cassavetes; Telly Savales; and Trini Lopez as Pedro.Now here is the thing. Here are the two sides of this. The ying and the yang. Idea was wed kill off al Qaeda leaders. Thats the ying, I guess. The yang is completely illegal. But, listen to this. Before you make your judgment, before you decide, if it werent for Dick Cheney and his secret assassination squad, Osama bin Laden would be alive today.Now, you know, theres a brand new audio tape from Osama bin Laden. You know what the guy does, like, every couple of months, hell shoot out a new audio tape. Its just to irritate people and get them all worked up and stuff. Should really be stopped. But in the new tape, they know its current because he talks about his ex-wifes new book that shes written about him. In the new tape, he says, Yeah, well, let me tell you something. If youd be married to her, youd be drunk all the time, too. You try living in a cave with that woman!Are you watching the Sonia Sotomayor confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court? Are you watching those? Day two. Fascinating stuff. And, man, did you see it this morning? Had the place going crazy. She shows up and right off the bat, she opens up with I Dreamed a Dream. Wow!Then this was odd. Kind of awkward. When everybody calmed down, Clarence Thomas sent over a mojito.This happened yesterday at the White House. President Obama was talking to a bunch of people and hes using a teleprompter, tells him exactly what to say, they got the teleprompter, the things rolling by like that. All of a sudden, it overheats and explodes and crashes to the ground. The teleprompter. I read that, I said, Boy, Im disappointed in this guy. What kind of a guy cant think and speak on his -- flip the card for me -- on his feet.I mean, you probably know what a teleprompter is, the machine that tells you what to say. In Bushs case, it was Cheney.Have you been watching the confirmation hearings going on down there in Washington, DC? Sonia Sotomayor, the hearings, have you been watching those? Good news, the FDA has just approved a new, non-drowsy version of Senator Orrin Hatch. Boy, do we need it now!Folks see the All-Star Game last night, the baseball All-Star Game? Whew! I thought this was exciting. President Obama threw out the first pitch. Did you see that? Because they were playing in St. Louis at a National League park, he also had to bat. Were you aware of that?But he admitted today that after throwing out the first pitch, his arm was a little sore. And today, Rush Limbaugh offered him some OxyContin.I thought it was fascinating how the New York papers covered the All-Star Game and Obama throwing out the first pitch. New York Times said that Obama threw a perfect strike. ... Daily News said he threw a ball. ... The New York Post said he was making out with Kate Hudson.How about that Harry Potter movie? Opened today as a matter of fact. ... In this one, Harry goes up against Dick Cheney and his secret CIA hit squad.Top Ten Ways Daves Mom Is Celebrating Her Birthday [Editors Note: List was read by David Lettermans mother]: 3. Spend day fishing with Sarah Palin.Heres a new study about human behavior. ... They say now that swearing and cursing and bad language actually cures pain. You know when you hit yourself with a hammer or something and you start screaming awful things? Apparently that cures pain. As a matter of fact, today, Rush Limbaugh...switched from OxyContin to, You lousy son of a bitch!Heres something thats crazy, because I remember exactly where I was, I remember exactly what I was doing, and the same is true for anybody old enough: 40 years ago, Apollo 11 left for the moon. ... Whoa, yeah, because the whole thing was delayed. Did you remember the delay? They had to go through Newark.Anybody seen the new Harry Potter movie? ... The film...has a very cosmopolitan, kind of international feel to it. ... For example, in this new movie...Harry Potter lets a lovely woman from Argentina play with his wand.Looks like Paula Abdul may not be going back to American Idol. ... And that means President Obama has to nominate another new judge.The governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, is stepping down from office. Will no longer be the governor of Alaska on Sunday. ... So right about now, Sarah Palin should be taking her grizzly bear head off the wall and packing it in bubble wrap.Shes leaving office because she wants to spend more time riding in a helicopter shooting wildlife.Happy birthday to former Senator Larry Craig from Idaho. ... Sixty-four years old. ... And if you are wondering where the celebration is, well, its in the stall with the yellow balloons.Heres how bad the economy is. Now people cant afford to be buried in a cemetery so theyre being buried in their backyard. Well, I mean, you think about it. You sink all your money into real estate. Why not go with it?President Obama throws out the first pitch at the All-Star Game. ... And...people are criticizing him because he had the big baggy jeans on, but Obama says Americans have it all wrong if they want a president who looks great in tight jeans. ... I think that was Al Gores campaign slogan, wasnt it?I want to tell you something. In all honesty, if we had wanted a president who looked good in pants, wed have elected Hillary. You know what I mean?Yesterday, Obama extended Dick Cheney -- you remember Dick Cheney, Vice President Dick Ka-Boom Cheney, you remember him? He extended his Secret Service protection for another six months. Hey, Ill tell you who needs protection, Cheneys hunting buddies.Cheney needs protection. Yeah, protection from bacon.You remember before the election, in October and September, and the big convention, all people could talk about was Sarah Palin and John McCain? ... And now, this is Sarah Palins last week in office as governor of Alaska. Isnt that crazy? Going back to her old job as IHOP hostess.But Sunday will be a big day for Sarah Palin. Thats the day she plans to go on her porch and wave good bye to Russia. Then shell run back in the House and jiggle the handle.Top Ten Questions On The Surgeon General Application:Can you grow a crazy beard like C. Everett Koop?Are you a general?Any idea what a surgeon general is supposed to do?Do you have a normal looking pair of jeans the President could borrow?Have you ever obtained pills for Rush Limbaugh?McDreamy or McSteamy?Due to the recession, do you mind working for free?Can we blame the healthcare crisis on you?Will you look the other way when the President lights up a butt?Anybody in China yesterday? ... The solar eclipse lasted almost 7 minutes and China was plunged right into the darkness right into the middle of the -- wait a minute, thats their pollution.But interesting reaction to the solar ellipse. Rush Limbaugh says that the solar eclipse proves the unreliability of solar power.Heres some sad news from are Iran, ladies and gentlemen. Do you know Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran, do you know his vice president has resigned? ... This guys main job was ceremonial, his main job was attending funerals. And you know, with Ahmadinejad in charge, thats a full-time gig.The vice president resigned and that of course is Iranian for shot and thrown out of a car.Anybody here from Alaska? ... Sarah Palin, some bad news for Sarah Palin ? theres another report now that she may have violated Alaskas ethics laws. Like Im going to say something about that.Theres kind of a silly thing. Remember the All-Star Game last week, President Obama throws out the first pitch and everything seemed to be fine. Then later, people started to criticize what he was wearing. ... They said hes wearing, and I never heard this expression, baggie dad jeans. ... And Obama was surprised by the whole thing. He said, Look, theyre not even my baggie dad jeans. He apparently borrowed them from Chastity Bono.President Obama was on television earlier tonight. They held a TV conference earlier tonight. Its nice to see the guy finally getting some air time, I thought.Were learning more and more about Obamas healthcare plan, and if it passes, the healthcare plan, if that passes, President Obama will have the governor of South Carolina neutered. Did you realize that?But...the governor of South Carolina, Governor Sanford has lately...been seen not wearing his wedding ring. ... And I was thinking, geez, I hope he didnt lose it while he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail. Then hell never find it.Top Ten Surprises In The President Obama News Conference:Vice President Biden stepped up to the podium pleading for hair plug reform.Put on Kiss makeup and sang Dr. Love.MSNBC reporter tried to hug him so Obama went after him with a fire extinguisher. [Editors note: During the reading of surprise seven, CBS showed old footage of Letterman going after fitness celebrity Richard Simmons with a fire extinguisher.]Wore his skinny jeans.His ten minute infomercial for the Slap Chop.Claimed hes borrowing $1 trillion from Regis.Told everyone to watch Men and Their Vegetables, Friday on the Late Show.In one hour, he went through two packs of Camels.Said hes resigning to run for governor of Alaska.This is historic, this is huge in the world of politics. I dont know if you remember a couple of years ago we had that presidential election. And John McCain was running. And he needed a date for the ticket. So he...got a hold of the governor of Alaska. And they ran. They didnt win but they ran. And now the governor of Alaska decided that shes quitting. So...on Sunday, shes leaving office. And she will officially hand over her sash and her crown to her successor.And you know, theres some kind of ethics investigation going on up in Alaska, also involving Governor Palin. I dont know what the ethics violations are, but for our purposes here, lets just say that she robbed a gas station.Shes stepping down as governor. Leaving the governors mansion. Next stop, LensCrafters commercial.Dont kid yourself. Sunday is going to be an emotional day. Its her last day. Shes going to go out on to the porch and wave goodbye to Russia. So its a big weekend.Heres news from Pakistan. ... They believe now, intelligence believes, that a US missile attack about six months ago killed one of Osama bin Ladens sons. ... And the CIA believes that it was the hot-tempered Sonny.But Osamas favorite son, of course, was Osama W. bin Laden. He was -- no, he wasnt too bright.Theres a woman in Florida, and they arrested her. And shes in her garage. And...you know what she is doing in her garage? Shes pretending shes a dentist. ... And shes making dentures and she has the reclining chair and the drilling equipment and, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Obama health plan.Anybody see President Obamas press conference last night on television about the health plan? Heres the deal -- it will cost a trillion dollars...but that will be in three easy payments of $330 billion a month, so its not that bad.But you know...who really is opposed to the Obama healthcare plan? The Republicans. ...Apparently it does not cover breast implants for their mistresses so they think, We dont want it. We dont need it.Top Ten Things Overheard At Sarah Palins Farewell Party:Dont forget to schedule an appointment with Joe the Mover.Quiet down! We dont want to wake the Russians.Todd, Ive always wanted to know -- what do you do exactly?John McCain passed out in the dip.Where can I check my pelt?Bad news -- the new governor just quit.Please accept this gift from all of us at LensCrafters.Dancing with the Stars called, they got your resume.I havent seen you since the Fire Dave Letterman rally.In prison now, Bernie Madoff is making 14 cents a day sweeping floors. ... Now hold it, I know, I know what youre saying, but seriously, thats not as much as it sounds because 8 cents of that goes to Obamas new healthcare plan.A big gun manufacturer is making shotgun with a cup holder.... You remember when this country used to invent light bulbs and televisions and computers? No, now we got a shotgun with a cup holder. Theyre calling it The Dick Cheney.One of the great things, and I never, it never dawned on me -- this is why Im not an inventor, why Im not making a billion dollars -- the shotgun with the cup holder, its fantastic because, think about the recoil. The shotgun puts a wonderful head on your beer.Oh, by the way ladies and gentlemen, governor of Alaska will be stepping down in two days, Sarah Palin, stepping down, two days. Unless, of course, she decides to leave early.Governor Palin says she is leaving office because she wants to spend more time hunting down her escaped son-in-law.Oh, now here is the big fun over the weekend. Sarah Palin, governor of Alaska, stepped down. ... It was a moving day for Sarah Palin. She went out on her porch and waved goodbye to Russia.People say, Well, what will the Governor do now? And Ill tell you. Shes going back to her old job as perfume spritzer at Nordstrom.Sarah said goodbye, but shes coming back in the fall in the 10:00 slot.But I thought her remarks were very thoughtful. In her farewell address, she warned people...of the military-industrial complex. Sarah Palin says look out for the military-industrial complex. And she also reminded folks that doughnuts make you hippy.And I thought this was only to be expected. Sarah Palin took a swipe at certain people in the media. Gosh, I wonder who she had in mind.Now heres the way President Obama likes to do stuff. They had this problem up there at Harvard and the professor, Professor Gates and the cop, the professor, the Officer Crowley, and the professor officer -- so there was big trouble. So President Obama says, Why dont you guys? Heres what well do. Come to the White House. You guys, well settle our differences. Well have a beer. Well have a beer. And if it works for those guys...hes going to try it with Jon and Kate, and he is going it to try it with the Israelis and Hamas.Big beer fest at the White House. And today, Obama sent Vice President Biden on an emergency goodwill mission for pretzels, so that will be good.But here it is. You have Crowley and you have Gates. And tempers flared. Case of mistaken identity. You have anger. You have accusations. You have name-calling. Sure, lets add alcohol! Lets go, lets pick it up! Why not?You know what theyre saying, that President Obama is trying to do too much too soon. You have heard that criticism? They criticized him for trying to do too much too soon and the fact that he wears baggie jeans. No wonder his poll numbers are going down.But its too much too soon. Just kind of the opposite of President Bush, too little too late.Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen. Im so happy youre here tonight, because, last night, oh my gosh, we had a rough crowd. ... I couldnt get the Blue Dogs to go along. Oh, you see, I didnt know what that meant either.You know about the situation? Professor Henry Louis Gates, Jr., from Harvard and Sergeant James Crowley, the police officer that cuffed him and tried to drag him out of his house and arrest him. Then later, in a press conference, President Obama said that one of them, I guess the policeman, acted stupidly. Already, theres trouble right there. So heres what the President is going to do. Does it make sense? I dont know. He invited the professor and the cop to come to the White House on Thursday for beer. Alcohol usually cools things off. Have you noticed that? Thats where you want to go.But everybody at the White House, excited about the kegger. You know whos coming? ... Well, Dick Cheney will be there. Heres what hes going to do. Hell be playing the organ down in his old dungeon.If it goes well, then President Obama is going to invite Governor and Mrs. Sanford to come up and have a beer.And then in the spirit of this, I thought it was nice today, Rush Limbaugh called up Professor Gates and Officer Crowley and he invited them over for some OxyContin.President Obamas not the only President who enjoys the occasional beer. Bill Clinton, remember Bill Clinton would have an occasional beer? Heres what he would do. He would go into a bar and order a cold one. Do you remember that? And then the bartender would say, Oh, then go home to Hillary.Big kegger at the White House tomorrow. ... Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. will be there and Sergeant James Crowley will be there, coming over for beer. Its going to be a crazy night. There will be karaoke with Tim Geithner.I believe its the first White House kegger, really, since the Bush twins lived there.And you know who else is going to be there? Dick Cheney, former Vice President Dick Kaboom Cheney will be there. Hes going to go down to his old dudgeon and play the organ.Everyones in kegger spirits. And how can you not be? Hillary Clinton, by the way, is in kegger spirit. Shes going to be serving snacks in a skimpy pantsuit.They were talking to Hillary about it and she is still interested in running for president. She said running for president is not on her radar, not on her radar. Yeah, but shes still got Bill on LoJack.Top Ten Things Overheard At The White House Beer Summit:Guys, stop me if I try to drunk dial Nancy Pelosi.Smoking, drinking. Suddenly our President is Artie Lange.Lets call Limbaugh and take this party to the next level.I feel dizzy and confused -- just like Bush! Hi-yo!I dont want to freak anybody out, but I just saw Nixon walking down the hall.Tell Geithner to put his shirt on.Senator Larry Craig asked if he could have his beer brought to the mens room. (Still a reference, people).You guys wanna see where Clinton used to get freaky?Excuse me while I take a presidential leak.Barack Obama is always talking about healthcare and you got the big healthcare bill and is it going to pass? And nobody knows and everybody is upset about it. Were worried about healthcare. I myself am concerned about healthcare because all week long I have been sick. ... I go to the doctor and tell him what my symptoms are. And he is conducting an examination and he...says, I am sorry, Mr. Dave, I have no tongue depressor. Do you mind if I use my pocket comb?Sarah Palin announced shes leaving as governor of Alaska and everybody said...Well, what is she going to do? ...She wants to host a radio show, like a daily talk show. And of course, with that, shes going to have to tell people when shes winking.Thats right, another ranting radio host. Cut me a slice of that, will you? Lets go.Heres whos going to be there -- Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Sergeant James Crowley, meeting with Barack Obama over beers. And I understand we had a spy down there looking in. It went so well that Vice President Biden had to go out twice for ice.I wonder if somebody like Bush had invited Saddam Hussein over to the White House, if we could have just settled that whole thing without all the bloodshed and violence.But Obama really cut loose at the kegger. He...was wearing baggy dad jeans and sipping a Bud Lite.Things really went nuts at the kegger and about 8:00, everybody was a little tipsy, and they drunk dialed Ben Bernanke.And then things got completely out of hand and everybody took a leak in the Rose Garden.Everybody in Washington, DC, helped out to make the big kegger quite a success. And I thought this was...nice. To show that there are no hard feelings anywhere, toward the end of the evening, Bill Clinton, former President Bill Clinton, that Bill Clinton, brought over a stripper.Nice to see you folks. Glad youre here. What a crowd last night. Whoo! Couldnt really blame them. The show was awful. It did not go well. ... Afterwards I got a call from President Obama and he said I acted stupidly.But, everythings okay now. President Obama has invited myself and Sarah Palin down to the White House for a beer.President Obama...has been hard working. I mean, we dont know if hes getting anything done, but hes sure hard working. And so hes going on vacation. Hes going to be...renting a big beach house on Marthas Vineyard. ... I want to tell you something -- nothing says vacation like two weeks on an island with your mother-in-law.Heres a weird story. Remember last...football season? Plaxico Burress, Super Bowl hero Plaxico Burress, for the Giants, hes arrested because...he goes into this nightclub, and he shoots himself in the leg. Well, hes going to have to serve two years in the clink for shooting himself in the leg. Last month, I shot myself in the foot and I only had to apologize to Sarah Palin. You see how that is?Sarah Palin left office on Sunday. Shes just not sitting around, no. A lot of people say, Well, whats she going to do? Reality TV show. Thats what shes got. Todd & Sarah Plus 8. Look out!But no longer governor of Alaska. So whenever she waves at Russia, nobody waves back.Hot...in New York City today. ... It was so hot, I was sweating like Granny before a death panel.Oh, man, did you see the PGA Championship over the weekend? ... Tiger Woods never lost a major when hes been leading, you know, halfway through the dang tournament. And then this kid, YE Yang, comes along and he defeats him. ... And I felt bad for Tiger. He was upset. He was upset. As a matter of fact, Obama had been watching the contest. He knows that he is upset. So he invited Tiger and Yang to the White House for a beer.The Obamas visited the Grand Canyon and I was thinking, yeah, well, New York Citys got potholes bigger than that.And then Obama was in Mexico the previous week. And he met with a group of North American leaders. And afterwards he laid a wreath at the grave of the Taco Bell Chihuahua.You know... what? Its the 40th anniversary of Woodstock. ... Did you realize that at the original Woodstock, Dick Cheney was there, later Vice President Dick Cheney. Yeah, he was there hunting hippies.Happy birthday to Madonna -- 51 years old on Saturday. ... And I thought this was nice. President Obama phoned Madonna on her birthday and reassured her that no one was going to pull the plug on her.You think its hot here in New York City, its also hot down in Washington, D.C. Its so hot in Washington, DC that today, President Obama invited Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Sergeant Crowley to the White House to run through the sprinkler.Do you remember the governor of South Carolina, Governor Mark Sanford? ... He told everyone he was going for a hike and in actuality he went to Argentina. ... Now, his wife...says -- and you cant blame her -- that she was so curious about the woman that her husband was having the affair with down there in Argentina, that she googled his mistress. ... And I thought, wait a minute, thats what got him in trouble, was googling his mistress.Now, here is a statistic that, I dont know if it means anything ? its got to mean something -- 90% of all paper currency -- money, you know -- has traces of cocaine. Ninety percent of all paper money in this country, traces of cocaine. Talk about your stimulus money.Had a $20 bill today. I thought Ben Franklin looked a little jumpy.On the bright side, at least American money is worth something again.Seriously, is this an audience or a death panel? By God, lets get something going. Do you understand the problem? Health insurance, Congress not doing anything. They have town halls, people getting hot, everybody worked up about health insurance, I think, thank God Im with CBS. CBS has a tremendous healthcare package. Here is the deal. If I get sick, I can only be treated by Dr. Phil.And then, under the CBS health plan, when I die, I get to be a corpse on a CSI show.People are worried that, if the health care plan that the President wants goes through, that a death panel will decide what life-sustaining measures should be applied to...the elderly. ... Well, you know, its the same thing ABC does with Regis.Top Ten Reasons Brett Favre Came Out Of Retirement: 8. Worried Obamas death panels might try to take him out.How about this? Brett Favre is coming out of retirement and joining the Minnesota Vikings. ... Hes getting $12 million from Minnesota. ... Talk about cash for clunkers.Are you folks familiar with the Cash for Clunkers program? Im feeling pretty good about this. I think the government owes me some money because we must have had at least a dozen clunkers on last nights show.Happy birthday to former President Bill Clinton -- 63 years old. ... And you know, when someone famous like that has a birthday, people think, well, should we get him something? ... Dont worry about Bill. Hes fine. Hes doing great. His wife is out of the country most of the time. He couldnt be happier.Yesterday, Bill Clinton had a separate meeting with Barack Obama, and then Hillary Clinton had a separate meeting with Barack Obama. ... I mean, something is going on with the Clintons. ... Obama cant even get them together in the White House for a beer.Are you despondent and confused about the healthcare issue in this country? ... Thank God I dont have to worry about health coverage. Im with CBS. ... When I die, I get a guest shot on the Ghost Whisperer.But the one drawback -- when I get sick, the only doctor I can see is Dr. Phil.I didnt think this day would come. Squeaky Fromme...tried to assassinate President General Ford. Shes been let out of prison. She was paroled. ... Is she going to get a job? ... If you think about it, there arent many jobs for unstable, gun-toting women, unless she wants to run for governor of Alaska.Id like to apologize for that joke.Top Ten Things Overheard Outside Afghanistan Polling Stations: 10. Can my goat vote? 9. Hanging chad? Thats funny, I just hanged a guy named Chad. 8. Is this the Fire Dave Letterman rally? 7. Im voting for Ahmad Al-Franken. 6. Democracy? Yes we Afghani-can. 5. Incoming! 4. Why is Ralph Nader on the ballot? 3. Nothing says democracy liked a rigged vote set up by an occupying imperialist power. 2. Isnt it time we do something about the high price of beard delousing? 1. I am voting for the candidate who can see Turkmenistan from her cave.You folks excited about the Afghanistan election? Well, dont get too excited because theres already reports of irregularities in Broward and Dade County.The current Afghan president, Hamid Karzai, is opposed by the Taliban. You know the Taliban? Over here, the Taliban, we call them healthcare protestors.You think campaigning is difficult here in the United States. You try campaigning in Afghanistan.... You ever try to put a bumper sticker on a camel? I mean, come on.How about this Brett Favre guy? He retires, then un-retires, then he retires, then he un-retires, then he retires and un-retires, then he retires again and un-retires. Now hes playing for the Minnesota Vikings. And its not easy. ... Im not saying hes old, but hes getting older. Before playing, he had to pass a rigorous physical and also a death panel.They did this survey of money down there in Washington, DC. Im talking about cash money. And they found that 90% of all of our currency has traces of the drug cocaine on it. Yeah. And I said, Well no wonder Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is so crazy!Heres something else came to us from a new survey. You folks like to eat fish? You enjoy seafood? Boy, I do. ... When they got done testing money in Washington, they tested fish in the United States. And they found out that every single fish in the test contained mercury. Jeremy Piven said, Well whos laughing now?Wait a minute, hey. What is...this, an audience or a death panel?But you know, this is a great thing about the United States of America. We take any situation, make it something good. You know, we are a glass half full country. ... Mrs. Pauls, the fish sticks people, they heard about the mercury in the fish and theyve come out now with a tasty new fish stick which you can also use to take your temperature.Squeaky Fromme has been in prison since the 70s for trying to shoot...President Gerald Ford. Out of prison now. ... But shes described as an unstable gun nut. ... Heres how unstable and nutty she is. Even Dick Cheney wont go hunting with her.You know who Squeaky Fromme is? Weird deal. One of the original Manson Family members, Squeaky Fromme, and she took a shot at President Gerald Ford. This was back in the 70s. They locked her up and shes been in prison the entire time. Well, now shes being let out of prison. ... And guess what, guys? Shes single.Congress has been agonizing over healthcare for months now. Squabbling, fighting, the town hall meetings going crazy. Meanwhile, while theyre arguing about healthcare, were stuck in two wars that were rubber stamped in about 10 minutes. What? How does that make any sense when you think about it?But have you seen these town hall meetings about the healthcare? People are screaming. And Ill tell you if its one thing Americans hate, its comprehensive health coverage.People are always saying to me, Well, Dave, are you worried about healthcare? No, Im not worried about healthcare and Ill tell you why; because Im with CBS. ... They have a tremendous healthcare plan. And heres what it is. Simply, when I die, when I die, I get to appear on a CSI show as a corpse.Im very glad you people are here, and I kind of mentioned this earlier, but last night, we had a terrible audience. ... Honestly, they were so bad I didnt know if they were an audience or a death panel.Ill tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, if I want to see a death panel, Ill tune into a George Stephanopoulos roundtable.Remember when the Obama kids first went to the White House and the Bush twins were showing the Obama kids around the White House. And remember what happened? They heard this horrible scream coming from the cellar where Dick Cheney had his dungeon. Remember that? Anyway, Dick Cheney has a brand new book. Its a memoir about his life and times, and I believe the title of it is called Too Fat to Waterboard.I didnt know this, but according to the book, there was a time when President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney werent speaking. They got into a fight and they werent speaking. It really got so bad that earlier today, President Obama invited them both to the White House for a beer.And Cheney said that President Bush, there was a point during the second term, that he stopped listening to the Vice President. George Bush stopped listening to his Vice President. And I said to myself, Whoa. Well, maybe this guy wasnt as dumb as we thought.Top Ten Signs President Obama Needs A Vacation:Switched from beer summits to tequila summits.Asked CIA director what were doing about the terrorist organization, al Pacino.Staffers often find him on White House roof, meowing like a kitty.Announced hes sending an elite military unit to kill Hitler.Lately, hes been fist-bumping staffers in the face.Asked for the number of Rush Limbaughs OxyContin guy.Called Bush for advice on sneaking naps during intelligence briefings.Been babbling nonsense about government death panels ? no, wait, thats a sign Sarah Palin needs a vacation.Barely has the energy to smoke.Theres talk that the elections last week in Afghanistan were rigged. Boy, I didnt see that coming.Couple of years ago down in Cuba, Fidel Castro they thought, oh, he might be dying because he had some kind of surgery and...he is an older fellow, in is 80s. ... But now, over the weekend, its all Fidel Castro. He is everywhere. And he was on television. He looked fit. He looked healthy. He looked happy. He was so impressive, as a matter of fact, CIA is actually thinking of sending Squeaky Fromme down there to take a shot at him.Barack Obama is taking a vacation on Marthas Vineyard. Earlier today, you know, bound to happen, awkward moment. He is out on the beach, runs into John McCain looking for coins with a metal detector.But President Obama says hes going to play golf, hes going to swim, and hes going to work his way through the Julia Child cookbook.But Obama is spending the week at a $30,000 dollar-a-week beach house. ... And they call this guy a socialist? Come on!But Obama is going to take two weeks to unwind, as opposed to President Bush, who never wound.Miss Venezuela is our new Miss Universe, ladies and gentlemen. Beautiful, beautiful. She came out dressed as a barrel of overpriced oil.But the Miss Universe pageant is fascinating. Its judged on poise -- you have to have poise -- judged on beauty, and also how you walk in high heels. What a coincidence, its also how the Republicans pick a vice presidential candidate. The same criteria.Anybody take advantage of the governments Cash for Clunkers program? I was able to unload a couple of shows from last week.You folks have been following, probably, the elections in Afghanistan. You know whats going on over there? ... Hamid Karzai and those boys running an election over there and theres now charges of election irregularities. ... I didnt see that coming.Apparently, they say there was cheating, voter intimidation, miscounted votes, and one of the candidates may have been sleeping with Paula Abdul.But one of the guys on the ballot is a candidate named Abdullah Abdullah. ... He had what I thought was a great campaign slogan if youre running for office in Afghanistan. You know the slogan? Its Is your goat better off today than it was four years ago?Its a big vacation week in Marthas Vineyard. ... The Obama family...is vacationing on Marthas Vineyard, having a lovely time up there, and also the Clintons are vacationing on Marthas vineyard. And today on the beach, somebody spotted Hillary out there...in a one-piece pantsuit.Theyve developed a special cocktail to commemorate Obamas visit to Marthas Vineyard. Its the Obamarita. ... They did the same thing when Bill Clinton would vacation up there -- the cocktail was the screwdriver.When youre President of the United States, you dont get a vacation, you dont get time off, its around the clock, 365. ... For example, today, President Obama had to interrupt his vacation to announce the appointment once again of chairman of the Fed Ben Bernanke. ... In order to keep him, they promised to give him the 10:00 p.m. slot.But if you remember, the...chairman of the Fed used to be Alan Greenspan, and then in 2006, I think Ben Bernanke replaced him after Greenspan...got in trouble for organizing dogfights. Do you remember that?Top Ten Questions Received By Palm Beach County Authorities About The Muck Monster: 9. Can you get one of them Obama death panels to kill it?Top Ten Questions Received By Palm Beach County Authorities About The Muck Monster: 1. Dick Cheney here -- want me to take out the son-of-a-bitch?Boy, its hot in New York City today, huh? I know what youre thinking right now. Youre thinking, okay, okay, go ahead and pull the plug on the old folks, just dont pull the plug on the air conditioner.Heres the way it stands now. Hamid Karzai is leading in the election and he picked up a lot of swing voters, they said, in the Afghanistan elections, because of his No Infidel Left Behind program.One of the candidates, Abdullah Abdullah, has dropped out of the running, and they think now his dumb son is thinking about running, Abdullah W. Abdullah.Boy oh, boy, they got a new memo from the CIA talking about torture activities. Dont you love that kind of stuff? Its scary, isnt it, that we live in a world where torture takes place? You know. Yeah, go to lunch with Regis. As soon...as that check arrives, hes in the mens room. Sick of that trick.Heres the approved CIA torture methods: sleep deprivation; waterboarding; face slapping. Sounds like...attending a Donald trump real estate seminar, or watching a Ben Bernanke confirmation hearing.Anyway, hes being re-nominated for the Federal Reserve chairman. And...Im already planning my big Ben Bernanke party.I like Ben Bernanke. ... He looks like the guy who okays your check at Kroger.He looks like...every guy at your high school reunion.He looks like a porn kingpin. Thats it. Ben Bernanke, thats what he looks like.The Obamas...taking a vacation on Marthas Vineyard. When something like that happens, its like a big deal for the community. And people on Marthas Vineyard...are going crazy and theyre buying Obama t-shirts, theyre buying Obama mugs, theyre buying Obama caps. The only thing theyre not buying is Obamas healthcare plan.Obama has a great money-saving idea for...healthcare. ... Heres what hes saying -- if you need an X-ray and you dont have the money or you dont have proper health coverage and you need that X-ray, just drop by an airport, go right through the scanner. Theyll send you the results.President Obama, on Marthas Vineyard, is playing golf with Tiger Woods. ... Tiger is hoping Obamas new healthcare plan will cover chocking.President Obama played golf, and today Dick Cheney played golf. Cheneys pretty good. Shot three birdies and two buddies.But...on Marthas Vineyard, theyre serving a new drink inspired by Obama ? its an Obamarita. After three Obamaritas, a $9 trillion deficit doesnt look so bad.This is not the first time a president has inspired a cocktail. We have the Obamarita. And remember George W. Bush? He inspired the Mojidiot.Top Ten Signs Youre Dealing With A Ben Bernanke Impostor:The phony giant, wooly beard taped to his face.Claims hes the star of The Curious Case of Benjamin Bernanke.Doesnt have Bernankes famous neck tattoo of Tupac and Biggie.You ask if the Dow is down and he says, No, he seemed in fine spirits to me.Business card has Federal Reserve Chairman scribbled over Sears Appliances.You see him eating a chicken salad sandwich. (Note: Ben Bernanke hates chicken salad.)When you ask if lowering the Fed Funds Rate will create deflation, he says a Keynesian expansion of consumer demand will offset any deflationary spiral, when in fact the real guy would have cited Milton Friedmans belief that the M1 and M2 money supply would be energized by increased volatility.Hes handsome, but hes not Bernanke handsome.His plan to fix the economy? Dont change a thing!Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will serve four more years, or until the United States becomes a colony of China.Bernanke...looks like a guy you see at the airport holding a sign that reads Dr. Rothman.He looks like a guy who ran a Madoff feeder fund.He looks like a personal physician to a pop star.He looks like a medical examiner on Kojak.Ladies and gentlemen, heres an example of why were all screwed. ... You know the stimulus checks that the governments sending out? ... Thousands of these stimulus checks have been sent to prison inmates. Well, Im pretty sure theyll give em back. I mean, if you cant trust a con who -- I mean, seriously.Its all part of Obamas new Cash for Convicts program.The good news is the checks arrived today, just in time for the big dance on Saturday.Hey, wait a minute, you know on Sunday, itll be 16 years that Paul and I and everybody else have been here at CBS on the Late Show. ... Sixteen years, ladies and gentlemen. Ive been torturing people longer than Dick Cheney.But according to a newly released memo from the CIA, they used horrible torture techniques on prisoners. ... Dick Cheney...claimed that it wasnt torture. ... Enhanced interrogation techniques, thats what he called it, enhanced interrogation technique. And he didnt shoot that guy in the face. No, no, that was enhanced quail hunting.Obama family vacationing on Marthas Vineyard and Obama has been mostly relaxing with just a little bit of work. And you know, that sounds like George Bushs entire eight years.And the entire island of Marthas vineyard has gone Obama crazy and theres even like a cocktail that theyve named after Barack Obama. Its the Obamarita, not to be confused with a cocktail inspired by John McCain, the Cosmopolygrip. And then there was one a couple of years ago inspired by George W. Bush, the Mojidiot.John McCain is out there in Arizona. ... He had a town hall meeting and you know these town hall meetings. Have you been watching? ... Theyve got out of hand completely. Theres one old guy, had a gun rack on his walker, honestly.McCain at one point had to have a crazy woman removed by security at one of these town hall meetings. ... And Im thinking, jeez, he should have done that a year ago.Top Ten Ways The Show Has Changed Since 1993: 6. Crazy lady we used to piss off: Madonna. Now crazy lady we piss off: Sarah Palin.Top Ten Ways The Show Has Changed Since 1993: 1. Emmy Awards replaced with Fire Dave rallies.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our town hall meeting.Did you hear about this? ... According to financial experts, including Ben Bernanke, the recession may be over. Great, wait till we tell the 11 million people without jobs!Thank God the recession is over, because now I will be able to quit my second job. ... I had to make ends meet. Maybe you saw me. I worked out in Long Island at the Wal-Mart.Listen to this, ladies and gentlemen. I am telling you, it is a wonder we dont just get dizzy, collectively, as a nation, because constantly, mixed messages. On the one hand...we are getting healthy -- eat salads, do sit-ups. But if you go to the KFC right now, you get a sandwich that has bacon and cheese between two slices of fried chicken.... And I am thinking, Congress better hurry up with the healthcare reform.KFC now serving two slices of meat between two slices of meat. Ladies and gentlemen, this is why the rest of the world hates us.Well, the Obama family is taking a vacation up there in Marthas Vineyard. It is a good time for the President to take a vacation, I think. I mean, everything is fixed, right? Well, why not knock off?Obama may play a round of golf with Tiger Woods. That is a little different than President Clinton on vacation. He just liked to play around.Happy birthday John McCain -- 73 years old tomorrow. ... And if you are looking for a gift, you cant go wrong with something from the Very Old Navy.Johns had a tremendous career. Ran for president. Sarah Palin was his running mate for vice president. ... And now, Johns at Applebees blowing on his soup.Top Ten Top Ten Ways To Irritate Dick Cheney:Dont have weapons of mass destruction he keeps saying you had.Reveal plot spoilers before hes had a chance to watch Gossip Girl.Leave the lights on in the dungeon ? You think Im made of money?!?!Accidentally throw out tub of Crisco he was saving for lunchCall him Ricky.Beat him in sneering contest.Replace Lipitor with refreshing Mentos.At dinner, ask, Whos got a good hunting accident story?Irritate Cheney? No, hes a pretty laid back dude.Its interesting to me that since theyve been out of office, Dick Cheney has really got his nose out of joint. Have you noticed this? Hes out there. Hes upset. Hes attacking people. Hes shooting his mouth off. And now he is criticizing the Obama Administration for looking into the CIA torture policy. ... He says...You shouldnt be looking into the CIA torturing policy. He made that announcement, then...he went back to his private island to hunt human prey.But Cheney says he wont cooperate with the prisoner abuse program probe. The only way we cooperate is if he tortures himself into talking. And he said, Im not going to do that.Cheney accused Obama of setting a terrible precedent. Thats what Cheney said, Obama is setting a terrible precedent, not to be confused with George W. Bush, who was a terrible president. ... Thats a different deal.Well, its back. You know what Im talking about. Swine flu. ... And they say now this year it may be worse than ever. And I was thinking, well, thank God we fixed our healthcare system.There was a minor earthquake in South Carolina. ... As a matter of fact, Governor Sanford, because of the minor earthquake, was actually knocked on to his wife.And you know, now theyre talking that Governor Sanford may be impeached for having an affair. And today, he was made an honorary Democrat, so congratulations.Do you remember when George W. Bush was the President?... Eight years of big time fun. And he had the daughters, the Bush twins. And well, listen to this. One of the Bush twins, Jenna, 27 years old now, not just a kid. ... So now, listen this. Jenna Bush -- talk about a great gig ? is going to be on the Today show. ... And if there is anything this country needs, its more of that family. They cant get enough.And I...just hope she has her fathers facility with words. That would be nice.They say Jenna will contribute about once a month. Its the same schedule her old man had.Barack Obama and his family took a vacation on Marthas vineyard and theyre back. And the President now has asked all of the major networks for some air time tomorrow night to show his vacation photos.But now heres the deal. When are you a president, you cant do anything. People always looking for you to make some kind of trouble for you. Did you see the picture of Barack Obama out bicycling with the kids? Hes...not wearing a helmet. And people are all over him now. And I, well, I hope this guy has got some pretty good health insurance.I believe the President is the most prominent Democrat to go without protection since John Edwards.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Letting Muammar Qaddafi Live With You:Should I hide my weapons-grade plutonium?Does my homeowners insurance cover a United States air strike?Can I call him Daffy Qaddafi?Will he take care of that neighbor who never returned my rake?Is there any way this can end well?Qaddafi? What is this, 1985?For breakfast, does he prefer orange juice or Sunny Delight?Will it be easier to get Mr. Ropers permission if I say Qaddafi is gay?Do I have enough hummus?Well, we went through this last year. Now theyre saying that the swine flu this year could be even worse. Theyve got to stop the spread of the swine flu so...theres a school in Long Island that is banning touching. No touching. Sounds like my honeymoon.Hey, you know whos back in town? Eliot Spitzer. Former governor of New York Eliot Spitzer is back in town, and hes going to run for governor again. ... He says he wants to spend less time with his family.Do you remember Governor Eliot Spitzer, the guy who pioneered the Cash for Hookers program?Top Ten Dumb Guy Tips To Combat The Swine Flu:Let President Nixon figure it out.Be extra vigilant when shopping at Piggly Wiggly.Tax cuts for the rich.Forget swine flu, you should be worried about the Obama death panels.Lock yourself in Y2K bunker.Spray your pork chops with Lysol.Initiate talks with the leader of the pigs, see if we cant work this out.If you see a pig, run!Those microscopic germs dont stand a chance against Dr. Jack Daniels.The swine flu just is bad. And everybodys worried about it. As a matter of fact, former Vice President Dick Cheney so concerned about swine flu that today...he fried his bacon in Purell.I like that Cheney. ... In eight years as Vice President, the only thing we knew about Dick Cheney was he was always in an undisclosed location. ... That and he shot his buddy in the face.But now, he cant keep his mouth closed, and hes talking about hes really upset with the Obama Administration about the CIA torture probe. He said he cant stand it. He said its a huge mistake and we shouldnt be doing it. ... And then he went back to his mountain fortress to create a mate for his monster.Cheney says that the CIA torture probe is a terrible idea and should never have been authorized. You mean like the war in Iraq? You mean like that, Dick?Hey, heres good news, ladies and gentlemen -- Eliot Spitzer is running for governor again. ... Im telling you, the comedy recession is over.Hes talking about running for governor again, although Eliot says he wont make a decision without consulting his wife. ... I remember when he used to make quite a few decisions without consulting his wife.Heres something kind of odd though. On my lunch break I was walking through Central Park and I saw a rabbi wearing his swine flu mask as a yamulke. That may be a good idea. Because swine flu, ladies and gentlemen, Im not kidding about this, is back and its meaner and nastier than ever. And they say now that the only way to avoid swine flu, avoid all human contact.Dick Cheney ... Hes denying now that he ordered torture. And he says you people who are saying this, go ahead, call it torture if you want, but where I come from, its just good old-fashioned fun. ... Cheney says that water boarding is not only legal but its aerobic.In 2012 the Republicans are now talking about the presidential ticket. Dick Cheney and running as Vice President Sarah Palin. Huh? Talk about your dream ticket, ladies and gentlemen. Oh buddy, the comedy recession is over. ... But Sarah apparently is making some dough. Shes going around the world speaking. Shes got a gig over in China. Very excited because she thinks China is a red state.Top Ten Signs You Wasted Your Summer: 8. Developed vaccine for swan flu.Hey, you know whos coming to town next month? Have any idea? Dictator of Libya, Muammar Qaddafi. Thank you, travelocity.com.Im glad Muammar Qaddafi will be here because for once I wont be the most hated man in New York City.Qaddafi was going to rent -- this is crazy -- Joan Rivers apartment in Manhattan. ... But the deal fell through at the last minute. Coincidentally, so did Joans face.Labor day weekend. ... Remember Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska? ... Shes having a big...cookout for all her family, all of her friends up there in Alaska. And people say, Is she any good? Can she cook? Remember last year she cooked John McCains goose? Remember that? Tremendous!And then...next month, Sarah Palin is going to Hong Kong for a speaking engagement in Hong Kong. ... She says she can almost see Hong Kong from her house.Chinese are all very excited, though. ... They think theyre getting Tina Fey.But the former governors getting ready for her trip. ... Shes reading all the Chinese menus she can get her hands on.Shes going to do her best to promote capitalism while shes in Hong Kong, and then I guess in the end of the trip, shell be riding around in helicopters, shooting pandas.Former President Bush learned a great deal, a lot of things from Tony Blair. Cheeky. He learned about cheeky. He learned the word fortnight. Learned bangers and mash. And Blair learned some things from George W. Bush. Oops. Uh-oh. Dang.They said to Dick Cheney, really, seriously, why would you think about after eight years as Vice President, why would you think about running for president? Cheney said, well I still get a kick out of starting wars.I remember when the Obamas first moved in and the Bush girls were given the Obama girls a tour of the White House. And the little girls got scared because they heard the organ music coming from Dick Cheneys underground dungeon.President Obama addressed the United States school children. He had like a speech and it went right to the classes and the kids. Then I thought, wait a minute. He might be trying a little too hard. You know what Im talking about? At the end he invited all the kids to the White House for a beer.A lot of people were upset. They said that Obama was going to get in there in the school rooms and start brain washing the kids. ... At first I was skeptical. But I was talking to my son after he came home from school today. Honest to God, he said, Must have socialized medicine.Obama told the kids to work hard and listen to their teachers. Ladies and gentlemen, what a load of socialist propaganda. Work hard and listen to your teachers? I dont think so.The President also told the kids that sleep is very important because it helps the development of the brain. Sleep very important. Thats what the President said. He told the kids sleep is so important that they should go to bed right after Jay.Heres kind of an interesting deal. This is the sort of thing that happens only in the United States and I guess were happy about that. ... You go onto the eBay, and you can bid on...having dinner. You fly to Alaska and have dinner with the former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin. ... And the bidding starts at $25,000. I know a lot of people think thats a pretty steep price to pay but you get an appetizer, you get entr?e, and ammo. So, not that bad.And for an extra $1,000, shell treat you like John McCain and cut up your meat.But Sarah Palin, very serious now shes out of office up there in Alaska. She wrote a critique of President Obamas healthcare plan and then she went back to seating customers at the Olive Garden.And how about...Dick Cheney? Remember when Dick Cheney was Vice President for eight years and you never heard anything out of Dick Cheney. Heres what we knew about Dick Cheney. Always at an undisclosed location and the other thing is he shot his buddy in the face; those are the only two things we knew about Dick Cheney. Now, we cant keep him quiet. Hes talking about maybe running for president in 2012. ... And he says hes willing to return to the White House, hell go back to the White House, but only if he can bring his assistant, Egor.Cheneys got a great campaign slogan. It says, Are you better off now than you were four heart attacks ago?Yesterday, you know, this was a big stink about this. ... President Obama spoke to the kids, the school kids, and...people were upset. They said, Hey, whoa, no! They were upset that he was going to somehow -- that it would be some sort of political thing, he was trying to brainwash the kids. Heres what he said. He said to the kids, Hey, kids ? thats how he opened ? work hard, get good grades, be constructive members of society. Well, that Commie. Come on, whats he trying to pull? Whats going on here?Then, earlier tonight, President Obama spoke to Congress to explain his healthcare plan and Speaker Nancy Pelosi is very happy because apparently her Botox is covered, so thats good.And also under the healthcare plan, pop stars will still be able to choose their own creepy personal physicians. So thatll be good.But Obamas been trying to pass a healthcare plan. Meanwhile, John McCain is trying to pass a kidney stone.Top Ten South Carolina Representative Joe Wilson Excuses:Ashton Kutcher put me up to it.Was trying to impress that hellcat Nancy Pelosi.Thought I was in the audience at Maury.Uh...swine flu?Im an idiot.Yeah, I accused a politician of lying. What was I thinking?I thought it was a roast.Its been weeks since a Republican politician embarrassed the state of South Carolina.Nobody cared when McCain yelled, BINGO!?You know Bernie Madoff, the greatest crook in the 21st century, Bernie Madoff, swindled $65 billion, mostly from old women? Yeah. Bernie, bad guy. Well, today it was revealed that he actually coached witnesses how to deceive the Securities and Exchange Commission. Well, hes in trouble now.How about this? Ellen DeGeneres is going to be one of the new judges on...American Idol. Its not official yet. It still has to be confirmed by the Senate.Paula Abdul, of course, was the judge that Ellen DeGeneres is replacing. But dont worry about Paula Abdul. You know what she is going to do? I just heard this today. Shes running for governor of Alaska.Speaking of people running for stuff, Dick Cheney might run for president in 2012. ... Well, you got to start somewhere.I like...that Cheney. He looks like the guy that tells you that the bridge is out and youll have to spend the night.He looks like the chemical company executive whos ducking 60 Minutes all the time.You know what? Its true. If you hang around long enough, youre going to see stuff youve never seen before. Like last night during President Obamas speech -- I have never seen this in a presidential speech, a congressional chamber -- a congressman heckled him. ... This guy from South Carolina, congressman, begins to heckle the guy. And I thought, okay, so, now Governor Mark Sanford is the second most embarrassing politician from South Carolina.And John McCain, heres a guy who has seen it all. He was shocked. John McCain was shocked. He said he hadnt seen anything like this since Aaron Burr heckled John Hamilton.Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi also shocked. At least thats what she said. You cant tell because her face doesnt move.And Sarah Palin had a big op-ed piece in....The Wall Street Journal, and she said that shes against death panels. I said, Really? She is the one that pulled the plug on the McCain campaign.To battle the swine flu, heres what theyre saying. Its not just the CDC. Its also the President of the United States -- avoid human contact. ... I call that my weekend.A big show last night, right here on CBS. The annual Emmy Awards television broadcast. ... What a show that was. My God, I thought we outlawed torture!Im happy to say that once again, The Late Show, we were nominated this year, in an unusual category. We were right between Governor Sanfords meltdown and the You lie! guy.Have you noticed people are rude now? I mean, that guy just screaming out like that. Listen to this. This is how rude people are in Arizona. People keep ringing John McCains doorbell and then running away.By the way, the Emmys was the only Sunday television program that President Obama was not on yesterday.President Obama is on our program tonight. ... Im in a great mood because the President is here tonight. I underwent three hours of frisking. Whooo!Dont kid yourselves, ladies and gentlemen. Its seamless but security here tonight at the Ed Sullivan Theater is very tight. ... They even checked under my hairpiece.Security is tighter than Joan Rivers face.But, and I think this is a relief to all of us, the building has been cleared now of all Republican congressmen.You know, when you have a big show like this, everybody gets kind of excited about it. And I was talking to my mom today. I said, You know, President Obama is on the show tonight. And she said, Well, maybe Ill switch from Conan.Great to see President Obama again. Havent seen him since he invited me and Sarah Palin to the White House for a beer.The President is here. Hes speaking to the UN. And also, the President is in town to pardon Ernie Anastos.We were never able to get President Bush on the show when he was president. ... President Bush was always too busy not working so he couldnt come...through here.Speaking of President Bush, did you see him last night at the big football game? It was the Giants and Cowboys down there in Texas. And President Bush did the coin toss at the start of the game. Now heres a bit of trivia. The coin that they used to start the game...was the same coin that the Supreme Court tossed that won Bush the election.Web Exclusive: Top Ten Reasons President Obama Agreed To Appear on the Late Show:Thought it would be fun to watch someone else get heckled.Has something to do with that whole Cash for Clunkers thing.Every president since Teddy Roosevelt has been here.In this economy, someone offers you $600, you take it.We told him Megan Fox would be here.Needed a place to hang out until check-in time at his hotel.Honestly, I have no idea.Said, Yes without thinking... Like Bush did with Iraq.Wanted to congratulate Dave on the big Emmy win.Im very excited about the show. I hope you folks are as well because, Ill tell you what, former President Bill Clinton is on the show tonight. Going to be great. Two old guys talking about their bypasses.Bill Clinton is here for a very important reason. He heard that CBS had an opening in the 10:00 p.m. slot. Wants to be right there.You know who was here last night? President Barack Obama was here last night. Politics notwithstanding, what a graceful guy. I mean, after the show, he was nice enough to autograph my swine flu mask.Its opening week at the UN, ladies and gentlemen. ... Security is very tight here in New York City. A lot of dictators all over the city. You know what Ive noticed? ... Dictators tend to be tiny. Have you noticed this? Kim Jong Il, a tiny little guy. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Another guy like this: Mayor Bloomberg.Mahmoud Ahmadinejad kicked things off with a hate-filled rant, followed by hors doeuvres.Ahmadinejad, quite a speech, that guy. I mean, where is Joe Wilson when you need him, for Gods sakes?This sure should be very exciting at the UN General Assembly. Its being hosted by Neil Patrick Harris.If you wanted to, you could get on the eBay...and you could bid on having dinner with Sarah Palin. Did you know that? Yep, you could bid on it. And the winning bid was $63,000. ... You get to sit down and have dinner. Of course, you know, for that price -- people say thats...a lot of money ? shell shoot the main course.Its the most expensive date with a governor since Elliott Spitzer.Thats a lot of money. But you can sit down with Sarah Palin, spend a couple hours; really get to know her. You know, its the thing John McCain should have done a year ago.Last week, Dick Cheney had buck surgery. You know Dick Cheney? Dick Shotgun Cheney? You know, its the complications from carrying Bush for eight years. Thats what it was.Doctors are optimistic about the surgery. They said Cheneys back surgery was...quite risky but not necessary. Risky but not necessary. So its like the Iraq war.Now, be honest, ladies and gentlemen. How many of you are here because you couldnt get into the UN?Now this was momentous. Yesterday, President Obama brought together Israeli and Palestinian leaders, and undeniably now, it was awkward. And they stood there, and they stared at each other, and finally, after an uncomfortable period of time, they shook hands. It was like my wedding night.And then the Iranian dictator Mahmoud Ahmadinejad gave a hate speech and I thought to myself, wheres that you lie guy when you need him?So Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is talking there, and halfway through the speech, people got angry. Got angry, fed up, full of disdain and rage, and they started to march out of the ? no. No, that was last nights audience.But if I could now, in all seriousness, Id like to say a couple of words about Ahmadinejad. Short and ugly.And you know the big surprise, Osama bin Laden was supposed to address the UN but he dropped out at the last minute because of mercury poisoning.Hey, listen to this. You know the former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin? Boy, I know her. Shes traveling all over the world now, speaking gigs. And she went to Hong Kong and gave a speech and people who heard the speech said it was articulate, it was well prepared it was compelling. Its a year late, but...And if it was that good Im thinking it must have been Tina Fey.They paid her $300,000 for the speech, the Chinese, $300,000 for the speech. I guess she apparently could see the cash from her house.Im trying to put a good face on things and I appreciate you folks trying the same thing but its tough. ... They say, Oh, the economys getting better. Really? Oh, the recessions almost over. Really? Well, it still seems pretty bad and as a matter of fact a lot of senior citizens, this is how sad it is, are having to go back to work now. ... Although there is a bright side. For example up in Minnesota, the Vikings got a quarterback out of the deal.You know it was fun at the beginning of the week when we had all of the world leaders here in New York City visiting the UN for the big grand opening of the UN. It was fun for a while but now we are sick of them and want them to go home. Traffic is insane. You cant get anywhere. And Gadhafi with that stretch camel, whos he kidding?But President Obama, God bless the guy, has been very busy. Yesterday, he actually headed up a meeting of the UN Security Council. Meanwhile, in Arizona, John McCain called a waitress toots.Did you hear President Obamas speech about nuclear proliferation? ... It was impressive. Its nice to have a president who can pronounce nuclear, isnt it?And then they had the madman hour yesterday afternoon. And it was Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and he gave a speech to the UN. He said he hated the US, said he hated Israel, and he hated that dumb pedestrian mall on Broadway. But...Ahmadinejad did say if Iran is given access to uranium, he promises not to make weapons. And I said, Well, thats good enough for me.Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi also spoke at the UN. Very exciting. This guy, for some reason, is getting very popular. ... As a matter of fact, this weekend, hes going to be the musical guest on Saturday Night Live. And did you see the pictures of the tent in Trumps backyard? ... The tent is an ingenious design. ... Its supported by a rather intricate architectural...network and foundation of fiberglass poles. Its the same thing that supports the deal on Donald Trumps head.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Spending $63,500 On Dinner With Sarah Palin: 10. Is the tip included? 9. Do my kids really need to go to college? 8. Is it All the Moose You Can Eat? 7. Should I prepare by reading every magazine and newspaper? 6. Does it have to be at the Dennys where Todd works? 5. Should we have dinner in Alaska or Russia? 4. Will she hunt and shoot the main course? 3. Sixty-three grand? Thats nearly half of her weekly wardrobe budget! 2. Is there valet parking for my snowmobile? 1. Will I be done in time to get to the Fire Dave rally?Its chilly here in New York City. As a matter of fact today, it was chillier than a conversation between President Obama and Governor Paterson.Apparently what happened, Governor Paterson gets a call from President Obama, and President Obama says, Hey, uh, dont run. A lot of tension between these two guys; as a matter of fact, now, it looks like Paterson may have to invite himself to the White House for a beer.You know whats exciting about this time of year, ladies and gentlemen? The new fall television season, huh? Yeah! Right here on CBS, premiere of a brand new show, highly anticipated show called The Good Wife. ... You know what its about? Its about the wife of a politician who cheats on her. Where do they come up with this stuff?Did you hear about this? Dick Cheney had back surgery. Its from carrying Bush for eight years.Todays Yom Kippur and what that means is down in Houston earlier today...former President George W. Bush got up early and started looking for Easter eggs.You could sure tell its fall. ... Today, Iran was making enriched cider.You heard about this? Yesterday, Iran fires a missile. ... Not only that, but Iran is now testing a talk show at 10:00 p.m.Heres a story. And its about time. Director Roman Polanski, they finally get this guy. They arrest him in Switzerland. ... And I was thinking well, you know, great, Im glad they got Polanski but what about bin Laden?Sarah Palin went to Hong Kong, delivered a speech last week. And were learning more and more about the speech that she delivered there. Palin...says China needs to deal with its ethics problems. Well, I bet that got a nice laugh.She was paid $300,000 to go over there and speak in Hong Kong. Apparently she could see the money from her house.Top Ten Sarah Palin Tips For Writing A Book:Increase vocabulary ? use words like Slanket.First buy yourself 100-grand worth of writing outfits.Dont write a word until the check clears.Limit yourself to one you betcha per chapter.You can never have enough stories about ice fishing or killing things with your bare hands.When in doubt, just type (wink).Dont let writing cut into attending Fire Letterman rallies.Have the book translated for sale to European countries like London.Ill try to find ya some tips and Ill bring em to ya!The former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, has completed her memoir, and itll be in stores in November. So thats something to look forward to. ... A lot of people arent taking her seriously. Ive seen it. Its a big, huge...book. But when you go into the store, you can use that big book to step up so you can reach a better book.The book will be out this November. Coincidentally, she was out last November.Its called Going Rogue. ... Not to be confused with John McCains new memoir, Going Several Times A Night.I saw a pack of skunks coming down Broadway earlier today, and I said to myself, Great, where is Dick Cheney when you need him?You know what happened one year ago today? The stock market dropped 700 points. One year ago today. Do you have any idea what that means? Neither do I.Its interesting now. A lot of people say, theyre bragging, I didnt lose any money. Im smarter than that. I didnt lose any money. For example, Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska, did not lose a penny when the stock market tanked. ... You know why? She has all her money in pelts.Chicago, Illinois, wants the Olympics in 2016. ... Everybody is pitching in. Remember former Governor Rod Blagojevich? ... Even hes pitching in. He said if they send the Olympics to Chicago, he will throw in a US Senate seat.President Obama says he will use all of his powers of persuasion to get the Olympics in Chicago. I thought, well, great. Its worked pretty well so far with his healthcare plan. Good luck there.Do you folks remember Andy Williams? Fantastic singer. ... He says that President Obama is following Marxist theory. ... I said, Thats interesting. I think Im going to wait and see what the Andrews Sisters say.This is the best news Ive heard in a long time. The CIA announced a brand new plan to capture Osama bin Laden. ... Theyre going to invite him to Zurich, Switzerland, to have him pick up a lifetime achievement award.Ladies and gentlemen, heres exciting news-- Sarah Palin, her memoir, has been published and is coming out in early November. And I got an advance copy. ... And...this time I was the one who quit halfway through.People in Alaska are looking forward to Sarah Palins memoir. Theyre already calling it The Book to Nowhere.But if youre interested, Sarah Palin will be at Barnes & Noble later this fall for a book shooting.But the book has got a lot of...beautiful color photos that Sarah has taken from her front porch -- beautiful pictures of Russia that she took from her front porch.In the back -- this is helpful -- a complete index of all my apologies.Sarah Palins book is entitled Going Rogue,...not to be confused with John McCains new book Going... Where am I going? Where the hell am I going? I dont know where Im going.Top Ten Things Overheard At Chinas Anniversary Celebration:The Beijing Red Roof Inn is the best we could do?Lets take attendance to make sure all 1.3 billion people are here.Wow, Regis will attend anything.Why do I always get stuck sitting behind Yao Ming at these things?Great! Letterman videotaped a special Top Ten list for us.Is it me or is the Tiananmen Square cake a little tacky?And now, President Hu Jintao will be roasted by the one and only Gilbert Gottfried.Any more of those pandas in a blanket appetizers?Make sure were home in time for Leno!President Obama and his lovely wife Michelle are in Copenhagen and theyre making a pitch to bring the 2016 Olympics to Chicago. Barack Obama is...unusual. ... I mean, here the guy is on a business trip, with his wife. I mean, what is that?Dick Cheney is all excited about the 2016 Olympics. Hes really looking forward to the freestyle waterboarding.Sarah Palins new memoir is being published in early November. ... A lot of revelations in the book, but you probably knew this: During the presidential campaign, Sarah had to cut up John McCains meat for him.Top Ten Signs You Have Too Much Money: 10. Actually considering plunking down $29 on that Palin book.Top Ten Signs You Have Too Much Money: 9. Someone mentions the recession, you say, The what?!?!Pretty soon, ladies and gentlemen, the former governor of Alaska, you can read her memoir, Sarah Palins book. Its called Going Rogue. ... I read it. I was disappointed. Three chapters were devoted to cleaning fish.And Mayor Bloomberg has a copy of the book. He loves it. He says its the best book he ever sat on. ... Tiny guy.Sarah Palins book is big, 400 pages. She wrote the book herself and agonized over every word, and so will you.And now, ladies and gentlemen, heres a brand new segment for the show. Its called Things More Fun Than Reading The Sarah Palin Memoir. ... Number 38: Having your arm ripped off by a shark. This has been Things More Fun Than Reading The Sarah Palin Memoir.Its the 60th anniversary of China. ... And the reason were celebrating here in the United States is because China owns all our debt.So if you want to send China a present -- the traditional 60th anniversary gift for China -- you know what it is?. ... Its lead paint.And I dont know why, but everybody here in New York City has Chinese sixtieth anniversary fever. Its either that or swine flu.I will be honest with you, folks. Right now, I would give anything to be hiking on the Appalachian Trail.Did you hear about this? Over the weekend, they came up with proof that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is Jewish. ... I wonder how much they wanted to keep that quiet.Ahmadinejad wont be talking about it. Hes referring all questions to Rubenstein Communications.Hey, how about this? President Obama goes to Denmark and hes trying to get the 2016 Olympics for the great city of Chicago. And he presented his case in a heartfelt manner but they werent buying it. And boy, do I know what that feels like.You know, President Obama went to Denmark to try and get the Olympics for Chicago. They turned him down. He was so upset that they wouldnt give us the Olympics that he had to invite himself to the White House for a beer.Isnt that NASA fascinating? I think NASA may be my favorite governmental agency because theyre always doing cool stuff. We went to the moon. Remember how cool that was? We now have the International Space Station and the shuttle goes up there regularly. They worked on the Hubble Telescope. You know what they want to do now? Theyre thinking about firing a missile to moon. ... I thought, oh, great, another war. Do we need that?Now, listen to this. Im no rocket scientist so far be it from me to tell these people who are rocket scientists how to do their business, but NASA, theyre shooting a missile. ... Theyre going to launch a huge missile ? kaboom ? right at the moon, looking for water. And I said, Why not? Now that everything here is taken care of on Earth, why not? Weve got no problems here. Lets just go give it a shot.So theyre going to attack the moon, and theyre going to be looking for water. And I thought, well, thats pretty much sounds like our government ? bomb first, look for evidence later. Thats the way we do business.Nobel Prizes in science...were awarded yesterday, and the three winners in physics are known as the masters of light. ... Not to be confused with Dick Cheney, known as the prince of darkness.Now, heres something that will put a smile on your face. Yesterday was the first day of the...new Supreme Court session. And...we have a freshman Supreme Court justice, Sonia Sotomayor, and its her first day in court. So you know what they do? Its like a rookie hazing for the new justices. And it was hilarious. The other judges, yesterday, switched her robe with a blanket. It was unbelievable. Boy, that was funny. Crazy.And then, then, Chief Justice Roberts sent her to the hardware store to buy a left-handed gavel. Thats a regular yuck rodeo down there.Dont kid yourself. Sonia Sotomayor really has her work cut out for her. ... Think about this ? the responsibility of replacing Paula Abdul. Is she going to be able to do that? Is that a possibility, even? I dont think so.NASA is going to launch a rocket to the moon on Friday. Theyre going to shoot a rocket to the moon. Just going to -- kaboom, kaboom! ... The government says dont worry, that theyre pretty certain we will be greeted as liberators.Were bombing the moon. Were attacking the moon. And we hope to find out if theres water. And you know that is how we do stuff. We launch the attack then we look for the evidence.The Nobel Prize for lack of chemistry went to John McCain and Sarah Palin.Top Ten Things Christopher Columbus Would Say If He Were Alive Today: 7. Is that the same John McCain who was on the Pinta?Happy Columbus Day, ladies and gentlemen. ... By the way, in honor of Columbus Day, Dick Cheneys cholesterol was 1492.When I call your name, please come up and claim your Nobel Peace Prize, all right?Hey, President Barack Obama wins the Nobel Peace Prize. How about that? Meanwhile, right now at an Arizona senior citizens center, John McCain is screaming, Bingo!President Obama says he wants to put an end to the policy, Dont Ask, Dont Tell. ... Yeah, in the military. ... This is not to be confused with George Bushs policy, Dont Know, Dont Care. Thats a whole different deal.Thank you! I uh, I deserve that like Obama deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.Well, heres some news. President Obamas healthcare plan passed the Senate Finance Committee this afternoon. Republicans are disappointed because...they had their own version of the health plan. That was going to be swine flu masks and Purell.The Republicans are quite upset. John McCain had to console that you lie guy.John McCain said that Sarah Palin is still a force in the Republican Party. ... Then he got in his car and backed over his mailbox.Ladies and gentlemen, President Obama wants to...put an end to the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy in the military...not to be confused with Dick Cheneys policy, Dont Look, Dont Aim.Hillary Clinton, secretary of state, says she will eventually retire and will not be running for president ever again, unlike George W. Bush, who retired as soon as he was elected president.Healthcare has now passed the Senate Finance Committee. ... So now heres what the Republicans are going to do to try and kill the healthcare bill. Theyre going to go into filibuster... where the guy gets the floor and he just keeps yacking and yacking and yacking and yacking and yacking. And people get tired and go home. Hey, wait, that could happen right now.John McCains going to do the filibustering and hes going to talk about his collection of big band records.Obamas doing a great job, in impossible circumstances, by the way. ... You know he won the Nobel Peace Prize a couple of days ago. ... And the week before that, he won the daytime Nobel Peace Prize. So hes won them...both.Sarah Palins memoir will be out next month. ... Revelations in the memoir. ... The last couple of months on the campaign, it was actually Tina Fey.They also say that during her debate with Joe Biden -- the vice presidential debate -- she got...confused and at one point actually said, Im ready to solve the puzzle, Pat.Republicans are now planning to filibuster President Obamas healthcare plan. You know, it is a legislative device. A guy gets up and talks all night without really saying anything. Its like having dinner with Regis.Top Ten Signs Youve Received A Bad Flu Shot:Before injecting you, doctor asks, Regular or unleaded?Now that you think of it, its a little weird that the doctors office was on the D train.Youre shaking like a Mexican washing machine.Instead of the CDC, its recommended by GMC.Every time you sneeze, your nose falls off -- wow, thats a bad flu shot.Doctor claims he made it from freshly squeezed hogs.Nurse sterilizes needle with her whiskey sour.Went in for flu shot, ended up with a frozen, severed head next to Ted Williams.You find this Top Ten list amusing.You know what happened on this date in 1867? ... Russia gave Alaska to the United States. I had an interesting thought, kind of an interesting thought, or as close as I get to an interesting thought. If Alaska is still part of Russia, then Sarah Palin could wave to herself.They say now that President Barack Obamas playing a lot of golf. Did you know he plays a lot of golf? I didnt know that. Good for him. Play golf. Play all the golf you want. The world is going to hell anyway. What possible difference could it make if hes playing golf?In fact, he has played more golf in his few months in office than George Bush played in eight years. ... So Barack Obama, playing more golf than George Bush. But to be fair, President Bush played more mini-golf.I mean, its no secret, if youre the President of the United States, the pressure is incredible, unrelenting, it will crush you. Youve got to get out and do stuff. You have to take a break. You have to go play golf. Youve got to ride a bike and go jogging. You have to shoot a hunting buddy in the face. I mean, it will kill you, the pressure.Guess what? The former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin...will be appearing on the Oprah Winfrey show next month. Coincidentally, John McCain will be on Dr. Oz next month getting a colonoscopy.Sarah Palin is promoting her brand new book. Its called Going Rogue...because she really was out there on the edge. The book is going to be huge. It will be an enormous. As a matter of fact, the FDA gave it quite a boost. The Food and Drug Administration said her book has been approved as an over-the -counter sleep aid. It will be crazy big.I stand behind no man in my regard for the great Oprah Winfrey. ... But if you really wanted to see Sarah Palin on a TV show, would you want to see her on the Oprah show or would you want to see her here? Well, that aint gonna happen.But if you think about it, Sarah Palin and Oprah Winfrey have a lot in common. They both helped get Obama elected.Former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, is promoting...her new book and shes going to appear on the Oprah Winfrey Show. And everybody in the audience on Oprah that night gets a free 30-06.Sarah and Oprah. On the one hand, a very powerful woman qualified to be President of the United States, and on the other hand, you have Sarah.Do people still bob for apples? Anybody bob for apples for Gods sakes? ... Bobbing for apples or as Dick Cheney calls it, apple boarding.I bet you you go to Dick Cheneys house, trick-or-treating he is one of those guys that tells you you are going to have to spend the night because the bridge is out.Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin will be making an appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show, ladies and gentlemen. Its going to be good. Its going to be great because on the one hand you have a powerful, well respected icon, American woman who could be president. An on the other hand you have Sarah.And then John McCain will make an appearance live via satellite. That is, if he can find somebody to turn on the damn thing.She has got a book, a best selling book, she got paid a million dollars for the book called Going Rogue. You think about it, she was Rambo, am I right?That is the name of her book, Going Rogue. And she got a million dollars for that and she is work on the sequel, Going Shopping.But just -- a word of advice now to Oprah Winfrey, be prepared. Dont underestimate her. Remember how Palin schooled Katie Couric, remember that?We wanted Sarah Palin to be on our program and she decided she was going to be on the Oprah program. Im beginning to think maybe she doesnt like me.The Obamas have the official First Family portrait...hung in the White House. ... Im telling you, things are starting to look bad for John McCain.Well, heres another big slap in the face to me . You know that Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska? Well, listen to this, guess what? Shes appearing on Oprah. ... Can you believe she picked Oprah over me?Sarah Palin is promoting her new memoir. Its called Going Rogue. Oh, yeah. She was really out there on the edge, wasnt she? Wooooh!But its a big book. ... Its good to stand on to get to a better book.The book...comes in regular edition and also large print for former running mates.Not only is Sarah Palin Going to be on The Oprah Winfrey Show, but for more publicity, she plans to get loose in a balloon.You know, its interesting what former presidents do when they leave office. George W. Bush is now working as a motivational speaker. ... And if you want to be motivated, who better to turn to than the guy who invaded the wrong country and started a depression?President Bush will also be lecturing on flipping condos.But...I think George W. Bush will be a great motivational speaker. I mean, look how many people he motivated to vote Democrat. So there you go!They trick or treat down at the White House. And its more, I guess it is more, it is more trick-or-treater friendly in this Administration than it used to be the Bush-Cheney Administration. Remember what happened -- the trick-or-treaters would come and then Dick Cheney would turn his wolfhounds loose on the kids.But the kids coming to the White House with their hands out, I mean and those were just the auto company executives.Mayor Bloomberg, poor guy is so exhausted. Heres what happened yesterday. Kind of an awkward moment. He is out there campaigning, so tired, here is what he did, he kissed a blintz and ate a baby.Mayor Bloomberg is running against a guy named Bill Thompson. Bill Thompson, Bill Im going to vote for you Thompson. And he has no money. His largest contribution was a generous $5 check from Regis.Well, how about those Afghanistan elections. You know, they had the first one and they thought well maybe something hincky with the first one. All right, if something is hincky, lets do it again. And now the opposition candidate Abdullah Abdullah has dropped out of the runoff election. He got the idea from watching the Phillies during the World Series.Yeah, no runoff election in Afghanistan. Apparently a second election would be way too expensive to rig.So Abdullah Abdullah says he is pulling out because he wants to spend more time with his wife, Paula Abdullah.So theyve recounted all the votes from the first election in Afghanistan and congratulations to the new president, Al Franken.Abdullah Abdullah may be out of the race, but they say in four years his idiot son will be on the ballot. That would be Abdullah W. Abdullah.I kind of wish Al Gore had been with us last night to kind of help out with the audience last night because, oh, my goodness. Over the course of the show the climate went from bad to worse.Youre here on a very special night, ladies and gentlemen. The entire balcony here at the Ed Sullivan Theater tonight is filled with defeated Democrats. Yeah, buddy!Big losses for the Democrats in the elections. Heres how bad it was for the Democrats-- earlier today, the Democratic Party was begging Rush Limbaugh for pain killers.Bad year for Democrats right now. All the Democrats have left is the presidency, both houses of Congress, and all of Hollywood. Thats all they have.Next February, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush will be debate, at Radio City Music Hall. Im looking forward to that line of high-kicking Secret Service agents.Clinton and Bush are debating, and, honestly, think about it, what is more exciting than a presidential debate that doesnt count, if you think about it?One year ago today, ladies and gentlemen, Barack Obama was elected president, one year ago today. One year later, were still in Iraq. Were still in Afghanistan. But, you know, at least we got rid of Paula Abdul.Well, if you are not happy about Mayor Bloomberg being mayor, dont blame me, okay. If you are not happy about this, dont blame me. I voted for -- well, I dont remember his name.Actually, the guys name is Bill Thompson. Bill Thompson. Yes, Bill Thompson. Isnt that a name you get in the witness protection program?Big new holiday movie. Its the new Christmas Carol, it opens on Friday. And Dick Cheney saw it already and loved it and through the whole movie he was yelling, Go Scrooge, come on, Scrooge, go Scrooge!HBO is running a documentary about the election of Barack Obama called By the People. By the People. Its all about the election of Barack Obama and after this they have a series, after this, about Barack Obama, they have a documentary about the election of George W. Bush. Its called, By Mistake.Sarah Palins new book, new memoir, is coming out next month. Its called Going Rogue. Ooh, she was like Rambo, out there on her own, hiding in the trees, swooping down on vines.Shes already received, Sarah Palin, for the book, a million dollars. Whoa! A million dollars. Today she took that money, you know what she did? God bless her. She went to...Bed Bath & You Betcha.The health-care reform bill has passed by the House. Well, that was easy. And you know what that means, its just one step away to being defeated by the Senate.It was close, 220 yeas, 215 nays and one -- you lie, you lie!But its a big victory for the Democrats. And today Nancy Pelosi was named MVP.When you think about it and think about what it meant at the time and what it has meant since it really is one of those things that in our lifetime we have been tremendously lucky to observe the end of the wall in Berlin. The wall came down 20 years ago today. ... And that signaled the end of communism. Until, of course, Obama and his pinko buddies took over.The Berlin Wall, very famous. Thats where Dick Cheney delivered his famous line, Ich bin ein water boarder.Welcome to New York City, first of all, but bad news-- city is broke. Yeah. No more money. And theyre cutting back on garbage collection. And I want to tell you, New York City, by the way, has one of the finest collections of garbage youll see anywhere.Cutting back, city is broke, cutting back on hospital budgets. Well, its a good thing weve got that swine flu licked, isnt it?And when your flight land in the Hudson, youre on your own.I found out this by reading her memoir Going Rogue, the Sarah Palin memoir, Going Rogue. Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, believes the Berlin wall ran between Kanye West and Kanye East.They have a bottle of beer that was on board the Hindenburg and it was auctioned off. You know the Hindenburg, that was the biggest thing to crash and burn in New Jersey next to the Corzine campaign.Remember the crazy astronaut lady who put on a diaper and drove cross country? ... She was in love with another astronaut. And I said to myself, well thats what happens when you mix vodka and tang.On Monday, Oprah Winfrey and Sarah Palin will sit down and theyre going to talk for an entire hour. And I was thinking, too bad John McCain didnt do that with her before he chose her as his running mate.Anyway, opening today, the movie 2012. Its about the end of the world, ...and fantastic computer generated special affects to show the destruction of every single living being and structure on the planet. ... The world is ending and the apocalypse has arrived and still no healthcare reform. Well, thats too bad. Thats too bad.There is a movie out with George Clooney called The Men Who Stare at Goats have you seen that? I believe that is what the Taliban call on-line dating.You know what the number one movie in the country is? It is the new Christmas Carol with Jim Carrey. And have you seen who they have got playing scrooge, fantastic? Take a look. There he is right there. [Former Vice President Dick Cheney is pictured in sleeping cap.]Earlier today, ladies and gentlemen a giant spruce tree was chosen, chopped down and picked to be the national Christmas tree down in Washington, D.C. And I want to tell you something, nothing gets you in the holiday spirit more than the destruction of an 85 foot wonder of nature, you know.85 foot tree, five miles of electric lights burning 24 hours a day. Because weve all taken Al Gores message to heart, ladies and gentlemen.Now Sarah Palin, former governor Alaska is getting ready for thanksgiving. She was on the Rachel Ray Show earlier today showing how to stuff a moose.Do you know Sarah Palin has this best-seller book? It is her memoir, it is called Going Rogue all about her life going rogue and stuff. And people are saying that they found Sarah Palins memoir inspiring. Inspiring, yeah. Inspired them to read a better book.Top Ten Surprises In The Sarah Palin Book:All proceeds from the book go toward a bitchin new snowmobile.Nearly had to pull out of campaign after spraining her winking muscle.Not interested in politics, is interested in joining Dancing with the Stars.Includes fantasy sequence where she beats Katie Couric with her own microphone.Someones got a crush on Jon Gosselin.Its a science fiction romance about moody teenage vampires.Favorite website: YoubetchaTube.Includes Levi Johnston centerfold.Even Sarah doesnt know what Todd does.You know whos coming to New York City? ... Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is coming here. ... Hes coming to New York City for the big trial, and also, hes promoting his new book, Really Going Rogue.Khalid is looking forward to spewing his fanatical hate in court and also seeing Mama Mia!President Obama was in Japan. He made a ceremonial visit to the birthplace of Hideki Matsui.And then President Obama went to China and you know, China is the worlds third largest economy, right behind Japan and Oprah.Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City, says Sarah Palin is great for the Republican Party. Well yeah, that means a lot from the guy who finished fifth.Sarah Palins got that book out, that Going Rogue. ... And she says that she was upset with...John McCain because at the end of the election night, the McCain people would not let her deliver a concession speech. And I thought, dont worry, Sarah, Im sure youll get another opportunity.Do you know where President Obama is right now? In China. Today he was over there. Theyre touring him around. He got to see where they keep all our money.Obama met with the Chinese leaders. They complained about the US economy. And why not? ... Obama complained about leaky takeout cartons.Obama and the Chinese president pledged to work together on climate change. Then they drove off in their Hummer motorcades.You know who was on Oprah the other day was Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska. ... The high point was when the Governor shot a cigarette out of Oprahs mouth.Sarah Palin admitted she once got a D in a college course. I looked it up. I think the course was called Being Vice President.Top Ten Highlights Of Barack Obamas Interview With Fox News:Showed up wearing one of Michelles halter tops.Interview split into domestic issues, foreign affairs and one round of bare-knuckle boxing.Promoted Obamas new book about his life as a sassy Alaska hockey mom.Mostly about Shakiras awesome new She Wolf video.Interviewer kept referring to alleged President Obama.Began new feud over which Twilight star is hunkier, Robert Pattinson or Taylor Lautner.When Titans owner Bud Adams gave everyone the finger.A laughing George W. Bush called to ask, How you liking it, sucker?Only thing they could agree on is that Glenn Beck is a load.The big news here in New York City, that awful guy, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ? you know this guy? Terrorist mastermind, been down in Guantanamo Bay for seven years, bringing him to New York City, and hes going to be on trial here in New York City. Now, the good news is it should be pretty entertaining because Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin are hosting.A new poll shows that President Obamas approval rate is now under 50%. Well, welcome to the club, I said.The White House has announced that they no longer recognize Fox as a news organization...which puts them about eight years behind the rest of us.Did you see any of the Sarah Palin on the Oprah show? Wow. She...said that she disagrees with Barack Obama getting the Nobel Peace Prize. She said she thought it was premature and she said other world leaders, other foreign dignitaries, probably more deserving of that award. Of course, she couldnt name any, but still.Top Ten Ways President Obama Can Increase His Popularity: 10. .Solve the Eggo Waffle crisis. 9. Appoint one of them sexy Twilight vampires to Supreme Court. 8. When Chinese arent looking, get our money back. 7. Put Howie Mandel on the nickel. 6. Appear as wacky next door neighbor on The Big Bang Theory. 5. Institute cool catchphrase: Ill Barack you like a hurricane. 4. Pretend to launch his kids in a Mylar balloon. 3. A little Dancing with the Stars never hurt anyone. 2. Forget about healthcare, do something about the Knicks. 1. Go rogue...whatever the hell that means.Welcome to New York City. ... Beginning Monday, you know whos going to be here? ... Khalid Sheikh Mohammed will be here. Hes going on trial. And the time that hes in New York City, hes going to be very busy. Monday, for example ? Monday morning ? hell be on the Today Show, singing I Dreamed a Dream. Very busy schedule.Hes not coming on this show, apparently because of a joke I made about his daughter.But listen to this. What a great idea. The CIA has a plan now, theyre going to grab Osama bin Laden when he shows up for jury duty. Theyre going to get him, cuff him, outta here!Heres great news. The United States Senate unveiled its healthcare bill. Listen to this: $849 billion, 2,000 pages. Whooo! Sounds like a Donald trump prenup.Anybody reading the Going Rogue book, the Sarah Palin memoir? ... Remember the interview she did with Katie Couric before the election and it was confusing and clumsy. Well, in the book, Sarah Palin says that she felt ambushed when Katie Couric asked her what newspapers she read. ... This coming from a woman who hunts wolves from a helicopter.Sarah Palin signed copies ? shes out on a massive book tour. This is a huge bestseller. She was at Barnes & Noble today and she actually had to take a break because she got a cramp in her wig.Then she got a sore hand from signing so many book copies. ... She had to call Rush Limbaugh to get some OxyContin, and that put her right where she wanted to be.On Friday, President Obama pardons the White House turkey. ... Dick Cheney didnt miss an opportunity. This proves that Obama is soft on poultry.The Capitol Hill Christmas tree has arrived in Washington, DC, delivered on a flatbed truck down at Capitol Hill. Also Senator Charles Schumer delivered the Capitol Hill menorah in the trunk of his Buick.You know what today is? Joe Bidens birthday. ... Joe got exactly what he wanted. He got a gift certificate to get his head reupholstered.Theres a little label on Sarah Palins new book. Have you seen the sticker on it? It says, After reading, do not drive or operate heavy machinery.Sarah Palin said her daughters ex-fianc?, Levi Johnston, is welcome to come for Thanksgiving dinner. And Im thinking, wheres my invitation! What happened to me?Theyre having a big Thanksgiving dinner at Sarah Palins house, and people say, Is she a good cook? I said, well, sure, she cooked John McCains goose.That evil guy, the evil masterminding terrorist Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, he is going on trial here in New York City. I will tell you something, this guy is nothing but evil. ... One time he called CNN and told him that his son was floating away in a balloon.Khalid is expected to get a tough reception here in New York City because everybody hates him. You know, why not? Heres a guy you can hate. And on top of that, hes a Red Sox fan.Legal experts are worried about having [Khalid Sheikh Mohammeds] trial here in New York City with this guy because they think hell use the trial as a soapbox. Use the trial as a soapbox. Have you seen the guy, there he is. ... If he does, it will be the closest this guy has been to soap in years.Its a big week for Chuck Schumer. First his birthday and then being named sexiest man alive.Barnes and Noble is running a great promotion on the Sarah Palin book. You buy the Sarah Palin book, they will throw in a free Mayan calendar.John McCain, Sarah Palins former running mate, read the Sarah Palin memoir. After 23 years of military service, five years as a prisoner of war, 22 years as a US senator, Im sure that John found Sarahs story very inspirational.A lot of people are saying that its too soon for Sarah Palin to write a memoir. They say she should wait until she had at least ten more years of inexperience.Sarah Palins book is now available on kindle, and, coincidentally, Im using my copy as kindling.President Obama is hosting his first official White House state dinner. ... And the Republicans, these guys always got a stick up their nose. Theyre upset. Theyre complaining that they are not represented at the dinner. And I thought, well, they got a point. ... Whats a party without that you lie guy?But President Obama wanted to have the state dinner earlier for the prime minister of India. Wanted to have it months and months and months ago. He kept calling over there and all he got was tech support.Top Ten Ways Tiger Woods Can Improve His Image: 10. Crash a state dinner at the White House.Top Ten Ways Tiger Woods Can Improve His Image: 8. Fix this whole healthcare mess.Top Ten Ways Tiger Woods Can Improve His Image: 5. Retire, then come back and play for the Vikings.Top Ten Ways Tiger Woods Can Improve His Image: 2. Find Osama bin Laden.President Obama is sending troops to Afghanistan. Well, hell, he ought to be sending them to Tiger Woods house.Tell the truth. How many of you folks are here tonight in the Ed Sullivan Theater because you couldnt sneak into the White House?Honestly, how many of you -- the Salahis. They had a big state dinner for the guy and all of a sudden theres a lovely young couple there. Nobody has any idea who they are. Oh, hello. How do you do, nice to see you. Its the Salahis -- nobody knows who they are, nobody cares who they are, they werent invited, nobody wants them there. Since 1980, there have been 91 breaches of security at the White House. Well, 92 if you count George Bush.According to the CIA, Osama bin Laden periodically sneaks into Afghanistan. Well, a guys got to have fun! You know what I mean? What happens in Kabul stays in Kabul.How about...the couple that sneaked into the White House for the big state dinner? ... Now, theyre going to be subpoenaed by the House Homeland Security Committee. And I thought well finally, theyre being invited somewhere.But I mean honestly...you cant blame the Salahis for going where theyre not invited. I mean, isnt that our foreign policy?According to the CIA, Osama bin Laden has been slipping into Afghanistan. ... He likes to go into Afghanistan, do a little shopping, see a couple of shows, have dinner and then he goes home.Yesterday -- did you hear about this? You know who Sarah Palin is? ... Shes at a book signing and somebody heaves a tomato at her. ... Thats not good, but at least finally she and I have something in common.You know, the global warming? Theyre having the big summit in Copenhagen, and its being held this month over there in Denmark. ... Climate experts are telling us now that this has been the warmest decade in history. ... The good news is theyre able to move the global warming conference outdoors.And tomorrow at the global warming conference, a Martian shows up in Copenhagen to issue the Earth a dire warning.But in terms of the temperature, going up and up and up, we are making some progress. Today over there at the conference in Copenhagen, they put a cap...on the number of hot girlfriends for Tiger Woods. Thats going to cool things off a little bit.Top Ten Signs The Nobel Prize Has Gone To President Obamas Head:Announced plans to send 30,000 troops to Target to do his Christmas shopping.Thinks he also has a good shot at winning the Heisman Trophy.Gave himself a ten billion dollar bailout.Last night he crashed a party thrown by the Salahis.Spending fewer hours at work than Bush.Hired scientists to make his Nobel Prize capable of holding 10,000 songs.Now refers to his abs as The Situation.Sits around all day massaging his cat.Claims he can bring peace to Tiger Woods house.Do you know what President Obama is doing tomorrow? And this is kind of cool, especially if youre the President. Hes going to accept his Nobel Peace Prize. ... And as you know, the Nobel Prize is a predictor of the Academy Awards.I looked this up. In the history of presidents in the United States, only two have won Nobel Prizes while they were in office. The first one, of course, Woodrow Wilson...because he is the man that they credit for ending World War I; second, Theodore Roosevelt, for, what? Yes. He invented the Teddy Bear.The Salahis ? now these are the people that crashed the state dinner at the White House for the prime minister of India. ... It looks like theyre going to be subpoenaed now by the House Homeland Security Committee, and Im thinking...why bother? Theyd probably show up anyway.Well, did you hear about this, ladies and gentlemen? I thought this was exciting. Our top commander in Afghanistan, General McChrystal, says that its time now to get Osama bin Laden. Why not? All right.According to the CIA, Osama bin Laden has been sneaking into Afghanistan from Pakistan and as a matter of fact, in Afghanistan, he lost $125 million in the casino.It sure is cold. ... So cold that Osama bin Laden was...seen hiding in the border region between Palm Beach and Fort Lauderdale.Big day for President Obama. He accepted his Nobel Prize today and then got right back to the business of running two wars.Well, the big...environmental summit has gone on in Copenhagen, the big UN Summit on climate change. And thank God! Thank God this has taken place because I want to tell you something, when the UN tackles a problem, its gone! Adios! Its gone!A lot of heads of state at the Copenhagen summit, and a lot of scientists. And scientists are guy that dont get out a lot. ... So when theyre around other scientists, its just kind of a party, you know what Im saying? ... And so the hottest pickup line now at the big Copenhagen climate summit is, Is it getting hotter, or is it you?You like the big holiday movies? ... I guess the number one film in the country is called The Blind Side. ... Is it about hunting with Dick Cheney? Is that right?How about this guy, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi? He is in Milan over the weekend. Hes signing autographs and somebody throws a statuette at the guy and literally breaks his face wide open. Threw a statue at the guy. And I think this hasnt happened since, well, since I hosted the Academy Awards.Hit him in the face with a statuette and then he backed over a fire hydrant. Yup. And then Gillette dropped him as a sponsor.You know what is great about this country? ... This time of year especially, you get people like Oprah, who is powerful and an icon and an American treasure and transcends television. Shes a humanitarian. And last night, she had a big Christmas special that she videotaped at the White House. ... And it was just tremendous. But now, she interviewed the President and already, trouble. Trouble already. I mean, the Republicans are now complaining that President Obama bowed too low to Oprah. Its just awful.This week, one White House official said that the recession was over. ... And then, another White House official said, no, its definitely not over. ... You wonder how those party crashers got in, huh?But the White House announced that Guantanamo Bays detainees will be sent to a prison in Illinois.... Theres like 500 terrorists and suspected terrorists and alleged terrorists down there in Guantanamo Bay in Cuba. And theyll be moved now to a prison in Illinois. And I was thinking, well, this really should make up for Chicago not getting the Olympics.You know the former governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin? She is now saying that global warming is a conspiracy. ... Doesnt believe it is true, even though she can see the polar ice cap melting from her house.Maybe she really doesnt read all the newspapers.Top Ten Signs Theres Something Wrong With The Secret Service:Keeps revealing Presidents itinerary on their Twitter page.When away from guard post, agents leave key to White House under doormat.Earpieces are often tuned to local Morning Zoo.President Obamas on his own tomorrow night while security screens Avatar.Recently let Bush back into the White House because he wanted to do some more presidentin.Accidentally spent three weeks protecting Mens Wearhouse President George Zimmer.When short of personnel, agents replaced by Wal-Mart greeters.Currently have 15 agents protecting Nixon.Obamas code name: The Situation.Did you hear about what happened a couple of months ago at the White House? There were some tourists taking the tour of the White House. ... And the next thing you know, theyre invited to have breakfast with the President. ... So they went in and had breakfast with the President. And it turns out it was a huge mistake. They crashed breakfast with the President. And everybody was very upset, because they were supposed to crash a Cabinet meeting.But the Secret Service said that the couple had been properly screened. Well, thats great. Whos screening the Secret Service? Thats what I want to know!But you know in the old days, when President Bush was down there in the White House, we didnt...have security breaches. ... And Ill tell you why. We had Shotgun Dick Cheney running things.Good news, ladies and gentlemen. Retail sales this year are up. ... That is fantastic news for the economy of China.I was walking around today on my lunch hour, and I noticed that there are fewer...sidewalk Santas this year. ... And then I remembered that President Obama sent the Salvation Army to Afghanistan. So thats what happened.Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, earlier tonight, down in Washington, the annual White House Hanukkah party. ... I think it probably went better than it did last year. Do you remember last year, how embarrassing it was, George Bush hosting the annual White House Hanukkah party? And he greets everybody as they come in and he says, Happy harmonica.This is the time of the year Time magazine announces their person of the year. You know who it is this year? Chairman of the Fed, Ben Bernanke. ... All right, girls, please, settle down, okay! Hes not here, all right?Wow, yeah. That was a big surprise. They selected Ben Bernanke as the -- all right! Please! Once more and youre out of here, okay?Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See Avatar: 6. Its set in the year 2154, when America finally passes a healthcare bill.Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See Avatar: 2. Chuck Schumer just called the ticker taker a bitch.Top Ten Things Overheard In Line To See Avatar: 2. Five hundred million dollars for a movie? Recessions over!Senior New York Senator Chuck Schumer was on an airplane and they were flying someplace. And they landed. He called one of the flight attendants a bitch. ... Apparently, there...was some ugliness. There were words exchanged. And it got heated and at one point the argument was so loud, it actually woke up the pilot.Well, heres good news, I think. The Democrats down in Washington believe they have 60 votes to pass a healthcare bill. ... Thats 58 Democrats and the Salahis. Theyre going to go in there and vote.But they dont think that the healthcare bill will get passed before Christmas, unless they switch to the Mayan calendar.Couple from Georgia...just taking a tour of the White House and the next thing you know theyre having breakfast with President Obama. And they kept saying, No, were not ? Im sorry. No, no. Come on in, its fine! What do you want, pancakes? There you go!Anybody going over to Denmark for the world global climate conference thing in Copenhagen? Yeah, I know. Im going too.Heres the idea. Its got to be every country on the planet working together. And...the United States is doing its part. And today, as a matter of fact, Barack Obama was talking to the Netherlands. ... He said, Heres the deal. ... You send us a windmill and well send you Joe Lieberman.Now heres something. According to new poll numbers ? remember when Barack Obama was first elected president over a year ago, and ? the first 100 days, the honeymoon period, his poll numbers were amazingly high. We were accustomed to the George Bush single-digit poll numbers you know ? 2% believe youre doing a good job. Okay, thanks, ma!Yeah, the poll numbers are so low now the Salahis dont even want to be seen with him.[Science fiction film] Avatar takes place in the year 2154, and still no health care bill.The global warming conference has been cancelled. Right. We dont need it. You see, because its so damn cold.And how about this...23-year-old kid from Nigeria? Goes to Yemen and hes flying to Detroit and he wants to blow the plane up. He sets his underpants on fire. And thank God the passengers on the plane subdue the guy. They secure him, they tie him up and they move him to first class. ... Are we sending the right message there, really?And people everywhere are pointing fingers about security. Theyre saying, Well, you know, you should have done this and you should have done that and you should have done this. And Im telling you, this guy paid cash for his ticket for a flight to Detroit. Now you tell me -- what is the bigger red flag in this economy? The fact that somebody had cash, or they wanted to go to Detroit?Heres good news. Isnt it about time we had a little good news? Our good friend Regis Philbin had hip replacement surgery. Hes back on the job. ... That means only ten million unemployed people to go.Oh, how about this? Rush Limbaugh, theres a big boy. He...was also in the hospital. He said he had chest pains and I thought, oh he is just trying to get some of those painkillers. Thats what he is doing.But heres how it works. Heres the official line of succession in control of the Republican Party. If Rush Limbaugh is disabled in any way, then control of the party is passed to Glenn Beck. Thats the line of succession.Top Ten Signs Youre Already Having A Bad Year: 10. Your underpants keep exploding.Top Ten Signs Youre Already Having A Bad Year: 8. Youre the nurse who had to give Rush Limbaugh a sponge bath.Cold. Am I right? ... You know, Rush Limbaugh was...ill. And he had to go to the hospital. He had chest pains but hes completely recovered. Hell be back on his job on Wednesday, which is great because the country really can use some hot air now.Remember they had the big state dinner for the Prime Minister of India and a couple of people who werent invited show up, the Salahis? ... And now it turns out there was a third person who was not invited that showed up at the state dinner. I mean, its a little crazy. I mean, before that, the only person I knew who showed up at the White House without the proper credentials was George Bush.But I think the thing thats still bothering people ? theres a flight, it originates overseas, they make a stop in Amsterdam and then they come to Detroit and theres a guy on the plane over Detroit and hes wearing exploding underpants and he tries to blow up the plane. Exploding underpants. Thats...what its come to, ladies and gentlemen. Exploding...underpants. Do you remember the old Road Runner cartoons? Isnt that something you could get from Acme? Couldnt you get the big crate and thered be the exploding underpants?Anybody make New Years resolutions? ... I have to find something to do. ... Im going to crash a White House state dinner.I was reading a book about Osama bin Laden, and it was written by his son, and according to the son, in the book about his father, the kid claims Osama bin Laden was a cruel parent. Gosh, you think you know somebody.But the book is written by bin Ladens dumb son, Osama W. bin Laden.Cold here in New York City. And Im always screaming about the global warming. Maybe Im wrong.How many people flew to get here? I mean, come on, isnt flying more fun than it used to be? I mean, really. They make you take off your shoes, make you take off your underpants.I mean you think about the guy, the...Nigerian guy, he is going to blow up the thing. ... He was wearing a pair of Fruit of the Lunatic.Guy was not too bright. He said that the reason he became a suicide bomber was to work his way up in the al Qaeda organization.Do you folks know anything about the Skull And Bones society. Its like a fraternal organization, at Yale University. Well, theyre auctioning off a human skull. ... And I was thinking about this. I believe this is the first empty skull to come out of Yale, well, I think since George W. Bush, actually.Nobodys coming to New York City any more. ... The only foreign visitors were getting are from Guantanamo.Did you hear about the guy? He starts off in Nigeria, then to Amsterdam and to Detroit. And just as they are landing in Detroit he tries to get his underpants to explode. ... So they jump the guy and they save the whole plane load of people and finally the commotion woke up the pilot and he comes...running out. And he puts out the fire with his pitcher of margaritas. Thank God! Had a happy ending.Do you remember the...governor from Illinois that was selling in the Senate seat? Remember Rod Blagojevich? ... Listen to this now. He will be appearing on Celebrity Apprentice. ... I hate to see them water down the strict use of the word celebrity, dont you?But already, there was a very ugly incident. You are not going to believe what happened. In the early rehearsals of Celebrity Apprentice, that thing on Trumps head attacked the thing on Blagojevichs head.Im tired of being cold. And Im upset with that Al Gore, too. Always shooting his mouth off.Cold down in Washington, DC. It was so cold today that Senator Harry Reid actually enjoyed being in hot water.Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Guiliani, you know what he said? That there were no terrorist attacks during the Bush Administration. Well...you know, that would be great if it was true.And apparently, the Mayor misspoke. He forgot about the attack of 9/11. Yeah, forgot about that one. Forgot about the shoe bomber, there was another one. Forgot about Dick Cheney duck hunting.Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, is going to be part of the Fox News team. ... So, yeah. Finally, finally, her years of reading all those newspapers and magazines have really paid off.This should balance things out over at...Fox News.Top Ten Highlights Of Sarah Palins First Day At Fox News:Detached a retina from winking at the camera.Got confused -- thought shed signed with QVC.Pistol-whipped three guys who called her Tina.Released a statement saying she wont follow Leno.At lunchtime, Todd picked her up driving snowmobile through lobby.Sad to learn there was no actual fox to hunt.Hosted a Fire Dave roundtable.Actually found a place with more white people than Alaska.Announced plans to run for president in 2010.A couple of minutes ago, Conan OBrien, who was the host of The Tonight Show over there at NBC, announced that he would not follow Jay Leno at 12:05. ... If Conan does leave The Tonight Show, President Obama then has to appoint a replacement. Did you know that?And now, according to the New York Times, al Qaeda is claiming responsibility for the wreckage at NBC.Guess whose birthday it is today. Rush Limbaugh -- 59 years old. ... Also, celebrity birthday, Kirstie Alley --59 years old today, too. This explains the nationwide cake shortage.Its a big, big week for giant announcements. Have you seen the American Idol show? ... One of the...judges on the show, Simon Cowell, announced this will be the last season on the show. ... Cowell is the only high-ranking judge that Sarah Palin could name.Theres a new book. Sarah Palin said that on the campaign tour sometimes, she was glassy-eyed and out of it. ... You know, like NBC executives.Sarah Palin is joining Fox News. ... The new slogan is hair and unbalanced.Earlier tonight, Sarah Palin appeared on The OReilly Factor with Bill OReilly. ... Talk about a bridge to nowhere.Theres a new book out about the most recent US presidential campaign. In the book, it says Sarah Palin was unprepared to be vice president. And I thought, boy, you think you know somebody.Sarah Palin made her debut as a Fox News analyst. ... They finally found a job that shes not under-qualified for.Do you folks know what is going on with NBC and...the trouble theyre having with Jay Leno and Conan OBrien? ... I thought this was nice. President Obama invited Jay and Conan to the White House for a beer.Our good friend, Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, is a contributor to Fox News. ... Only been there a couple days. Already making friends. Today, she loaned Glenn Beck some mascara that does not run when you cry.Shes doing a lot of public speaking and next week she will be in Las Vegas speaking at a liquor convention. And what a coincidence because I think McCain was drunk when he picked her.Top Ten Excuses Of The Naked White House Jogger:Doctor suggested I do more nude cardio.Why should only airport scanners see me naked?Its a sweltering nine degrees outside.Im Dick Cheney and if I want to jog naked, dammit Ill jog naked!Distraught over Carson Dalys future.Its change we can believe in.Wasnt this cool when Bubba was president?Good lord, was I hammered!Naked? I was wearing a hat!People are worried about NBC. Earlier today, President Obama announced that hes sending in 30,000 troops. Out to Burbank.They have built now, robotic women. ... Theyre anatomically correct, they have synthetic skin, and they can carry on minimal conversations. As a matter of fact, the Republican Party wants to run one for vice president.Theres a new book out that says Sarah Palin was an ignoramus who believes Saddam Hussein was behind 9/11. And I thought, well, no, thats George Bush. Wasnt that George Bush?One of Osama bin Ladens sons has written a book. And remember how excited we all were when we captured Osama bin Laden? Oh yeah, that didnt happen.Anyway, one of his kids has written a book. ... And he said his father was a cruel parent. ... For example, he made the kid wait until he was 18 years old before he let him blow up his first car.The FBI has released a sketch of what Osama bin Laden looks like now. You know, hes aged. Its been, like, nine years. ... So the FBI puts out a sketch so we can get an idea what he looks like nine years older. And I said, Why dont we put out a sketch of what he looks like when hes captured?Do you remember Chemical Ali? ... Hes been sentenced to death. Now this is the fourth time hes been sentenced to death. ... Hes very confused. He hasnt decided what to order for his fourth last meal.You know up in Massachusetts, the big election, are you following whats going on up there? Ted Kennedys Senate seat...is now up for grabs. The election is pretty close. I was thinking, you know, my money is on Jay Leno.Do you remember...the Salahis? ... Barack Obama...throws a state dinner for the prime minister of India. And guess who shows up? The Salahis. Well, they werent invited. ... Tomorrow, theyre going to be appearing before Homeland Security to talk about that. It should be exciting. ... Ricky Gervais is hosting. Itll be great.Chrysler is recalling 24,000 cars. ... May be a problem with the brake system. ... I said to myself, Holy crap! They sold 24,000 cars. Really? Well, good for them. I mean, who cares if the brakes work? Theyre moving cars left and right.You remember Saddam Husseins buddy, Chemical Ali? ... He recently was sentenced to his fourth death sentence. ... Boy, I hope this doesnt tarnish his nice guy image.Now heres something that I think bothers all of us. Osama bin Laden is still out doing whatever it is he does. And so the FBI...updated his likeness. ... So the FBI has gotten the original photograph and theyve enhanced it...to show what Osama bin Laden looks like now. And if youre interested, you can see it. They put it on a carton of goats milk.The Republicans elected a new senator from the state of Massachusetts. His name is Scott Brown. Thats one of those names they give you in the witness relocation program.Top Ten Surprising Facts About Scott Brown:Climate change is partly the result of his smoldering hunkiness.His response to the healthcare reform crisis: Dont blame Conan.Got his start in politics by rounding up illegals to work in Mitt Romneys yard.Once in state senate, cracked a walnut with his a@#.Purchased his first car at Harrison Ford.Promised people of Massachusetts hed bring back witch trials.When his daughter was finalist on American Idol, he exchanged beauty tips with Ryan Seacrest.His election helped GOP ratings skyrocket to 17 percent!So cold in Boston today he actually put on pants.Anybody here from Massachusetts? You got a new senator, congratulations. Do you know anything about this guy. His name is Scott Brown. ... Isnt that the guy Elvis played in Clambake?So lets talk a look at this deal now. Massachusetts elects a Republican who drives a truck with 200,000 miles on it. Its a Chevy truck. Which is more hard to believe now? Massachusetts elects a Republican or Chevy builds a truck that lasts 200,000 miles?But you know...the Democratic candidate, was like, two weeks ago, ahead by 20 points. ... And she blew it. Heres what happened. ... Apparently, she put in the Patriots defense.President Obama says he blames himself for the upset in the Massachusetts Senate race because he was too remote. ... Meanwhile, today in Arizona, John McCain couldnt find his remote.We all love celebrity birthdays. You know whose birthday it is today? ... Yakov Smirnoff. Famous Russian comedian, 59 years old, and he celebrated. Spent the entire day waving to Sarah Palin.Top Ten Surprises In The $3.8 Trillion Federal Budget:President now has to pay $25 for each bag he brings aboard Air Force One.Cut NASA budget so much, next mission is to New Haven, Connecticut.Estimate does not include convenience fee of $3.95.Government is raising the money by sending out a drunk Rip Torn to rob banks.United States pays for Ahmadinejads tan windbreakers.It allocates five billion dollars for a giant wallet to hold all money.Dont tell him, its a surprise, but McCains getting a new Craftmatic adjustable bed.One billion dollars research grant to figure out what the hell iPad does.The naked centerfold of senator-elect Scott Brown.President Obama got out of jury duty. ... No word yet about getting us out of Afghanistan.And heres big news: US Senate reconfirms chairman of the Fed. ... Ben Bernanke was reconfirmed. ... So hell have the job for four more years. I just hope we have an economy for four more years.Remember when they hung Saddam Hussein? ... Well, you remember his buddy, Chemical Ali. ... Well, he got hanged over the weekend. And his wife was...Chemical Shirley. Do you remember Chemical Shirley? I was just wondering is it too soon to hit on Chemical Shirley?He is the one that killed all the Kurds, Chemical Ali. He shouldnt be confused with the guy who killed NBC. That was Chemical Zucker.Top Ten Reasons Your Film Wasnt Nominated For An Academy Award: 6. Jury at Cannes gave you more death sentences than Chemical Ali.Top Ten Reasons Your Film Wasnt Nominated For An Academy Award: 5. You bribed Academy president with a Toyota.President Obamas having a big Super Bowl party. This is very shrewd. He has invited a group of Republicans to come to the White House for his Super Bowl party. Hes going to seat the you lie guy next to the not true guy.President Obama is very shrewd about bringing the Republicans into the White House for the Super Bowl party because he feels like if he can get them to pass the dip, maybe theyll pass healthcare.President Bush told Obama, he said, Listen, you get 10 Republicans to show up, and Ill drop in and choke on a pretzel.Oh, heres something interesting and important. The Pentagon now wants to allow gays to serve openly in the military. You know what that means, ladies and gentlemen? More parades.I think it was Bill Clinton who popularized the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy. But...dont confuse that with another Clinton policy ? Dont Ask, Dont Tell Hillary. That was a whole different policy.Top Ten Things Overheard During Scott Browns First Day In The Senate:Wheres the tanning bed?You wanna throw on a shirt now, Scotty?Palins accusing you of being a dope whos skating by on looks.John Edwards wants to ask if you have any interest in pretending to be a father.The Senate will now come to....oh my God, hes even hunkier in person.An underpants model in the Senate. Yeah, thats what the Founding Fathers had in mind.Barney Frank wants to know if youre available.Look out! Runaway Toyota!No, Senator, we do not want to see your situation.A couple of days ago, there is the annual race, people come from all over the world, and they race up the stairs of the Empire State Building. ... Wait a minute. You want to get your heart racing, you really want to get it pump pumping? ... Do what I do. Drive to work in a Toyota.You know about this big Toyota recall? And things are dangerous, and Im coming to work in my car. Heres how scary it is. The navigation lady was actually praying.You folks excited about the Super Bowl coming up Sunday? And the New Orleans Saints fans, Im telling you, they have waited a long, long time for their team to get into the Super Bowl. ... Not as long as they waited for FEMA, but still, its been a very long, long time.President Obama is having a big Super Bowl party. And you know what he is doing? This guy is shrewd, very savvy politically. He has invited a bunch of...senators to come to the White House for the Super Bowl party. ... What could be more fun than watching a four-hour football game with Joe Lieberman? There you go. Talk about rock n roll.Theres a new Osama bin laden video. Gosh, I mean, this guy, what is he doing, working at Blockbuster?There is always a new Osama bin Laden video. And in this one, hes worried about global warming. ... And hes blaming the United States for global warming. And I just thought to myself, wait a minute, this guy thinks its warm now, wait till he gets to hell.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear From Your Coach Before The Super Bowl: 1. Lets win this one for Chemical Ali!You know anything about the new senator from the great state of Massachusetts? ... Senator Scott Brown. Comes out of nowhere, this guy. And he used to be, like, a go-go boy. Thats where he got his start. And then he was a nude model, and now, hes a senator. Have you...seen the guy? Terribly good-looking. He looks like one of those guys in an adult film who would describe his work as tasteful.He looks like one of those guys at the health club that would snap you with his towel.Well, weve got another one of those...videotapes from Osama bin Laden. I mean, theyre coming like once a month now. Its like youre in a club. You sign up, you get the whole collection. Time-Life: Osama bin Laden.And in this one, hes blaming the United States for global warming. ... Says the United States caused global warming, and by gosh, they better stop global warming. Sounds to me like somebodys looking for a Nobel Prize, doesnt it?Hes very ecologically minded. Like, last year, it was documented by the CIA that Osama bin Laden switched to a hybrid camel.Congratulations to the New Orleans Saints. They defeated my Indianapolis Colts. ... So all I can say is, Dont worry, Indianapolis, FEMA is on the way.A lot of Republicans attended President Obamas Super Bowl party. ... And I thought oh, yeah, they care about New Orleans, now!Anybody snowed in the big blizzard? Like, over two feet, down there in Washington, DC. ... DC completely ground to a halt. ... Absolutely nothing going on. Well, how you can tell the difference?It was so cold in Washington...that the new senator from Massachusetts, Scott Brown, was actually wearing pants.You know who I am talking about? The new senator from the state of Massachusetts. ... Before he got into politics, he had two jobs. He was a go-go boy. And he was also a nude model. And they swore him in last week. It was a moving ceremony. He put his hand on a copy of Cosmo.Over the weekend, Sarah Palin was speaking to a group called the Tea Party Group. ... And she received a hundred thousand dollars in payment. ... Now, of course, she was paid in pelts, but still.And to go...to this Tea Party deal, it was a 350 bucks a plate. ... And if you wanted a glass or a cup, well, that was more.But 350 bucks a plate and a lot of people say, Whoa! Dave, that seems a little pricey. Yes, but for 350, a guy will come to your table and waterboard a lobster.I started doing a little something that is mighty helpful. When I come out here to tell the jokes, I have them all written...in the palm of my hand.I got that idea from Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska. And when she goes out on a speaking engagement, she has her --- I think we have a photo here. Take a look. Theres Sarah Palin. Can you see on her left hand? There it is. Get in real close: LensCrafters; Clean Rifle; Look at Russia.They got a lot of snow in Washington, DC. And the city came to the biggest standstill...theyve had since the Democrats got the supermajority.But this President Obama, he had an idea about how to handle it. Hes going to let the Democrats handle the snow. ... Theyll put it on the back burner and hope it melts.And now critics of the automobile industry are saying that Toyota executives knew about the problems with the brakes years and years ago. And theyre wondering, rightly so, why did they drag their feet? Well, trying to stop the car. Thats what they were doing.What are you folks doing here? Its a snow day, for heavens sake. I got up this morning, the first thing I did, I turned on the radio and listened for the talk show closings-- darn! And then I get a call from the guy at the office here, and I think, right away, somebody is calling me at home. Theyre not supposed to do that, must be trouble. And I said, Whats wrong? Has the show canceled? And the guy said, No, just checking in on the elderly.Ill tell you, you woke up this morning, and New York, a tremendous sight. I mean, it was whiter...than a Tea Party rally.People still talking about the Super Bowl. ... It was the most watched...TV program of all time. ... The second most-watched event was the episode of Dallas where J.R. gets shot in the face by Dick Cheney.This President Obama, I mean, give the guy credit. ... He keeps working and working and working. ... Hes going to invite a bunch of Republicans to have a televised debate on healthcare. ... Its going to be a big, big event. As a matter of fact, at halftime...The Who will be there doing a special song about Lipitor. So look for that.And last night, Bob Dylan performed at the White House in honor of Black History Month. Because when you think of black history, you think of a mumbling, white, Jewish guy from Minnesota.We learned last weekend that Sarah Palin...writes notes on her hand when shes giving speeches. ... You can see the notes right there on her hand. The first one is, Hitch up the dogsled, buy Chapstick, clean rifle.The big blizzard hit the East Coast. ... Washington, DC, probably hit hardest of all. Two storms, back-to-back. The bad news is Washington, DC, is entirely shut down. The good news is Washington, DC, is entirely shut down.Heres an important anniversary in the world of comedy. Four years ago today...Vice President Dick Cheney was out hunting, and he shot one of his buddies in the face.But a lot of people criticized Cheney for not doing the right thing after he shot the guy. But...he did what he needed to do. He tied the guy to his roof. And then he drove him back to his house.Celebrity birthday. Happy birthday to Sarah Palin, who is 46 years old today. And you know, Sarah Palin, when she goes on a public speaking event, writes notes on her hand. Heres what she has on her hand today for her birthday. Lets check in on this Okay, blow out candles, eat cake, and clean rifle.Top Ten Money-Saving Valentines Day Tips: 2. Due to deficit, shortly before Valentines Day announce a spending freeze (Obama only).Its Presidents Day, ladies and gentlemen. Three-day weekend for most people. Remember President George Bush? Every weekend was a three-day weekend for him.Did you have a nice Valentines Day? ... Remember the underpants bomber? Remember that guy? He bought his girlfriend some lovely exploding lingerie.Everybody celebrates Valentines Day, whether you want to or not. Even President Barack Obama. The Republicans got together and bought him some candies for Valentines Day that say, YOU LIE and NOT TRUE.You know who was at the Daytona 500? Sarah Palin, former Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin. She was at the finish line and she waved her checkered past.Yesterday, there was a big feud between former Vice President Dick Cheney and current Vice President Joe Biden. ... Cheney is upset with Biden because Biden, when he moved in after they were elected, he closed down Cheneys dungeon in the White House.Im worried about Biden. Do you really want to get in a feud with a guy who shoots people?Heres something to really get excited about. ... The Winter Olympics: Here we go. And, of course, earlier tonight, the opening ceremonies up there in Vancouver. I always enjoy the parade of nations that hate the US. Isnt it nice?Yesterday was Sarah Palins birthday. ... And Sarah celebrated the same way she does every year -- got in a helicopter and was picking off wolf cubs.The Wolfman movie opened today. ... Its about a guy...who is half-human, half-beast, and it has a pretty happy ending. In the end, hes elected governor of California.You know who is a crazy guy? That Kim Jong Il. North Korean dictator. ... Hes 68 years old today. Happy birthday to Kim Jong Il. He celebrated quietly at the mansion with his twin girlfriends.And a lot of people want to get the guy gifts. ... I have a suggestion. You cant go wrong with another pair of ladies sunglasses.President Obama has announced that hes approving construction of two new nuclear reactors. And George W. Bush immediately stood up and screamed, Its nucular!And like every president, President Obama is now worried about the poll numbers because they continue just to kind of whittle away and going down and down and down. ... So he decided to turn things around. What hes going to do is invite himself to the White House for a beer.Spring training started. ... And the Phillies, look out for the Phillies. They get this guy, Roy Halladay, the best pitcher in all of baseball. But listen to this, the Mets, very competitive. You know who they signed? They signed that guy who threw the shoes at President Bush.You know who loves the Winter Olympics? You wouldnt guess this. Former Vice President Dick Cheney. He loves it. He thinks that snowboarding is waterboarding but colder.Heres something that was sort of interesting. You know who Robert Gibbs is? Hes the Barack Obama White House...press secretary. ... So he runs all of the press...conferences that they have there. And, apparently, he is now...down to 89 laughs per month. Getting only 89 laughs per month. And so, hes going to go back to Headlines.You know...those press briefings, the ones they had toward the end of George Bushs term? Those were hilarious. ... Mission accomplished. Remember how funny that was? ... The economys fine. Oh, thats hilarious.You know whos having a feud? Dick Cheney and Joe Biden. ... Its because Joe Biden removed Dick Cheneys dungeon at the White House.Werent the Winter Olympics fantastic? ... The US won a gold medal in downhill economy.President Obama had his annual physical checkup. ... Everything is perfect. ... So who needs healthcare now?Now how about this? Dick Cheney had his fifth heart attack. ... Hes okay, resting comfortably. And the doctor, after they made the diagnosis, stamped his card and the sixth one is free.You know who is on the program tonight? Mitt Romney is here. ... When he gets out here, if he looks familiar, you may have seen him on The Young and the Restless.He plays Tyler Cavanaugh IV. True story.Mitt Romney is a good-looking Republican from Massachusetts. You know, hes like that new senator from Massachusetts. Hes like Scott Brown, but with pants.President Obama yesterday had his annual physical. Annual check-up. Apparently everything is all right. Earlier today, former Vice President Dick Cheney went in for his annual autopsy.But Obamas physical turned out great. The doctor said a couple of things. ... He said, Cut out the cigarettes. Also, try to stay out of Toyotas.Talking about presidents who smoked. You remember George W. Bush? Remember him? Hes saying while he was president he would enjoy the occasional cigar. On a rare occasion, he would have a cigar because he said it helped him think. I want to tell you, occasions dont get more rare than that, ladies and gentlemen.New Yorkers are desperate. Theyre trying to get Paterson to leave early and I said to myself, that sounds like a job for Jay Leno. .. But I dont know how serious this is. I wont believe that theres real trouble with the governor until I hear that hes told his staff hes hiking on the Appalachian Trail.New York Gov. David Paterson said he will not run for election but he will serve his full term. Hes going to finish his term. Hes going to keep being governor till the very end. Did you hear that, Sara? Till the end. Hes going to continue to be the governor till the very end.Former governor George W. Bush is writing a book, writing a book. How about that, about his eight years in the White House. Its all part of his war on literacy.Former president George W. Bush is busy hard at work writing his memoirs down there at his home in Texas, Rancho Inepto.Its a memoir by George W. Bush and because Im telling you, if there is one thing you really want to do now, if you are like me, and God I pray youre not like me, but if theres one thing you want to do, is get a nice fire going and curl up with a big book and relive the Bush administration.Friends have been said [to former president George W. Bush] Jeez, congratulations, Mr. President, we didnt know you had a book deal, we didnt know you were going to write a book. We didnt know you were writing your memoirs or any of this. And they said Are you using a ghostwriter? And the former president said No, the guys still alive.Sarah Palin has teamed up with the guy who created The Apprentice and theyre going around trying to sell a reality show. And the first show, theyve got the thing. They did a pilot already, and the first show, I dont know how you feel about this, she goes crazy and shoots and stuffs that thing on Donald trumps head.When I heard this, Sarah Palin, somebody said Sarah Palin is getting a reality show. I said Reality show, jeez, what about a reality check?They have two hosts this year for the Academy Awards. ... Who says Obama isnt creating jobs?John McCain does not watch the Academy Awards. And you know why? Well, he doesnt care for the talkies.Now this year, the Academy Awards...had a salute to horror films. Did you see that? That was remarkable. They even had footage of Vice President Dick Cheney in his torture chamber.George W. Bush is writing a book about his eight years in the White House. I cant wait. I want to get it. ... Im going to take it with me to the beach this summer. And it will be good to hold down the blankets.Going to be a big, thick book, which is great because you can put it on the floor, step up to reach a better book.George W. Bush is proud of this. He says the book will be written in his own words. ... I was thinking, well, thats too bad. If it was written in our words, we could understand it.Top Ten Signs Rahm Emanuel Is Nuts:President Obama smokes cigarettes, Rahm eats them.Spotted today at Toyota dealership.Hes leaving Obama to become a special advisor to Richard Nixon.In a fit of rage, he snapped Dennis Kucinich in half.Changing his name to Rahm Emanuel Lewis.Refers to every cabinet official as Clarkie.Recently got into heated policy debate with his stapler.You mean, besides walking around DC naked?Even Andy Dick is telling him to chill.In the morning here at CBS, they have The Early Show. ... Tomorrow on The Early Show, host Harry Smith is having a live colonoscopy. I know what youre thinking: Finally, real breakfast fun. Here we go. Bring it on.Welcome to the Obama healthcare plan, ladies and gentlemen. Thats how its going to work.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad now says that 9/11, the attacks on the United States on 9/11, were fabricated. Like his re-election.He says the whole thing was an elaborate hoax. Im skeptical. I think Ill wait to see what Kim Jong Il says.But the guy seriously is nuts. He also denies that Conan OBrien ever hosted The Tonight Show.Top Ten Questions Rod Blagojevich Asked Himself Before Appearing On Celebrity Apprentice (Editors note: List was read by Blagojevich):Would I rather stay unemployed than work for Trump?Should I bring my attorney?Do I have anything better to do?Is there any chance NBC will replace me with Leno?Can I get paid in conditioner?Havent I been through enough?How about my own show, The Haircut Ref?How come Im not a governor and Paterson is?Will my hair get along with Trumps hair?Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear From Your Congressman:Four o clock ? gropin time!Whoops! Came to work naked again.Too much mint, not enough julep.Filibuster? I hardly know her.Youre not wearing a wire, are you?Look, I dont know what snorkeling is, but stop doing it to me.What would Eliot Spitzer do?This: Now theyre saying I groped a male staffer. Yeah, I did. Not only did I grope him, I tickled him til he couldnt breathe and four guys jumped on top of me. See what Im saying.Mind if I do a little polling?We had a lousy audience last night. ... You couldnt tell if they were laughing at the jokes or if they were being tickled by New York Congressman Massa.Massa... goes on the Glenn Beck show and he says that he was having a birthday party tickling his staff. ... And he said one guy couldnt breathe, he was tickling him so hard. And then Dick Cheney said, Well, we should have done that at Gitmo.So now this Congressman Eric Massa...is claiming that he was bullied in a gym by Rahm Emmanuel. The Presidents guy is bullying him in a gym, naked. And I know you are thinking to yourselves, Well gee, thanks a lot, Dave, for searing that image into our brains because thats something well carry for a long time right there.He admits to groping, fondling, and tickling. And Im thinking, well, why isnt this guy governor of New York?Barbies birthday. Did you know that? ... And if you dont know Barbie...let me just tell you. She is the pretty, plastic doll who didnt run with John McCain.Former President Bush, George W. Bush, is now writing a book... about his eight years in the White House. And its green. ... Its entirely made out of old Al Gore ballots. So that will be a keepsake for you there.A lot of anticipation about the new book that George Bush is writing. But dont worry, itll also be available in English.Top Ten Signs Your Team Isnt Ready For The NCAA Basketball Tournament: 2. Players are smoking even more than Obama.Good news. New York City...has filled two million potholes. ... Now, the bad news is those are the only things that were slowing down the Toyotas.Iranian President Ahmadinejad is saying...the attacks on the United States on 9/11 were a hoax. Im beginning to think this guy may not be that trustworthy.Everybody changed their clocks this weekend for...daylight savings. So you move it ahead. And even the Taliban move their clocks ahead. They moved it up to the 11th century. So thats good.Well heres something interesting. And I guess this goes with the job. President Obama announced over the weekend that he get 20,000 letters a day...calling him an idiot. And I said, Hey, welcome to the club.I said to myself, Well hey, maybe I am presidential material.But in all fairness, a lot of those letters come from Dick Cheney.Congress is getting ready to vote on President Obamas healthcare bill. Its going to be a close vote. ... The House Democrats say it could be a real tickle fight.Sarah Palin, out in Arizona, is campaigning with John McCain. Hes running for Senate re-election. Theyre campaigning together out there. I thought, yeah, I mean, theres an unbeatable combination.Top Ten Things Overheard At The St. Patricks Day Parade: 1. Obama better pass healthcare because Im gonna be sick as hell tomorrow.Yesterday...in Washington, DC, history was made. ... Congress actually worked on a Sunday.Congress passed the healthcare reform bill. Well, that was easy.A lot of people are unhappy about the healthcare bill. ... Americans love paying sky-high medical bills. Thats the problem.And the Democrats were thrilled, as you can guess. And they got a little rowdy, as Democrats can do. ... They tipped over Rush Limbaugh.You people are in such a great mood. I really appreciate it because on a day like this, its lousy weather. ... Here in New York City, it was 49 and gloomy. You know, like Glenn Beck.Are you folks happy about the healthcare bill reform that the Congress has passed? Some people are unhappy about it. A lot of people unhappy about it. Here are two reasons Im unhappy about it. One, I love paying huge money for healthcare. ... And the other thing, I used to love driving to Canada to buy cheap drugs. I loved that too. I am steamed.This has been very divisive. The Republicans are thinking, Okay, all right. We didnt think this was going to go the way it went. Now we really got to get something together. We have to put our heads to this. Theyve come up with a great plan that they think has legislative viability to repeal the healthcare reform bill. You know what it is? Four words. Four words. Hot tub time machine.How about basketball? Anybody here suffering from March Madness? ... Well, dont worry. Its covered by the new healthcare plan.Dont let people lie to you. Were not out of this recession. Anybody here think were out of the recession? No, were not out of it. We have no money. No jobs. The recession is still going strong. More trouble for the United States economy. The US debt now may lose its triple-A rating. And I said to myself, Well, who cares what the auto club thinks?You know whats coming up is the 2010 Census form. You have to pick up your census form. There will be some changes. First of all, when you hear the Census, you think, oh, please, mind your own business. But you cant have that attitude. Youve got to pick up the census form and fill it out. Theres changes in the form this year. For example, under gender...you have your choice -- male, female, or gaga. ... Its a third category.You have to include everybody in your house. For example, you must include people, even people who just sleep part-time in your house. They have to be included on the Census form. Like Sandra Bullocks husband.Oh, hey, are you ready for the...2010 Census? Its going to be complicated this year. So the government should have patience. Heres part of the problem. Most Americans count as two.Have you filled out a Census form. Heres the deal. Ten questions in ten minutes. Thats what theyre saying. ... Coincidentally, that is how John McCain chose his running mate.You got to count everybody in your household for the Census. Right now, Angelina Jolie is going through the place with one of those clickers.Top Ten Highlights Of President Obamas Trip To Afghanistan: 10. The welcoming chants of death to America! 9. Using miles to get bumped up to business class. 8. Picking up sexy negligee for Michelle at Mahbobas Secret. 7. Playing a little one-on-one with Hamid Karzai. 6. Seeing Hot Tub Time Machine dubbed in Pashto. 5. Military demonstration of new secret weapon: A ground-to-air goat. 4. The splendor of Kabul in the springtime. 3. Catching Jon Lovitz at the new Kandahar comedy club, Laffghanistan. 2. Spotting a confused John McCain arguing with a falafel. 1. Leaving Afghanistan.Did you hear about this? President Obama, big surprise visit to see the folks in Afghanistan. Did you read all about that? Thats kind of exciting. It turns out he was shooting an episode of Undercover Boss.He met with...Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai, but Karzai was late for the meeting. ... You know why he was late for the meeting? He had transportation trouble. ... The accelerator on his camel...This was an important meeting. Both presidents agreed that we have to work to wipe out terror networks. Get rid of terror networks, like al Qaeda, the Taliban, Fox News.Obama demanded more accountability. He said we got to have more accountability, we got to have a crackdown on corruption; we have to have a better government. And he said if it works...in Afghanistan, were going to try it back home in the United States.You know who is out campaigning now again? John McCain and his buddy Sarah Palin. ... I mean, come on, it worked so well the last time.Sarah Palin...was campaigning in a, you know, a motorcycle jacket. ... She looks like somebody Jesse James would date.Top Ten Republican National Committee Excuses: 10. Hey, were fat, dumb rich guys. Nuff said? 9. Thought SM door was Sen. McCains office. 8. It wasnt a sex club, just a regular club where grown men tickle each other. 7. Scott Brown raved about the place. 6. The Sheratons meeting rooms were already booked. 5. Im sorry, Ricky Martin is gay? 4. Abraham Lincoln routinely spent $2,000 a night in sex clubs. 3. Hey, were fat, dumb rich guys. Nuff said? 2. If we dont spend donor money at a sex club, the terrorists have won. 1. Research for pending legislation, No Stripper Left Behind.Now heres a...fascinating story. And this kind of thing happens all the time. But every time it happens, we always say, Whoa, here we go. ... The Republican National Committee had a big party at some kind of a sex club in Los Angeles. They spent $2,000 of campaign donation money on the bill at the sex club in Los Angeles. ... But the guy who organized the big Republican sex party...apologized on the Golf Channel, so thats good.Pamela Anderson on Dancing with the Stars. ... You know who else is on Dancing with the Stars? Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin. ... Pam Anderson and Buzz Aldrin. Honest to God, it looks like a Republican ticket.Top Ten Highlights Of Barack Obamas Oil Drilling Plan.: 10. Everyone in America gets a free Sunoco travel mug. 9. Promises not to kill any endangered animals except the really tasty ones. 8. Kids drill free. 7. Drilling wont affect Scott Browns visits to the beach. 6. Most extensive exploratory undertaking since Harry Smiths colonoscopy. 5. What? What? Ricky Martins gay? 4. Fifty barrels of oil reserved each year for Mitt Romneys hair ? zing! 3. Boys at Halliburton seem happy, which is good enough for us! 2. Provision for drilling the sun for solar power. 1. Drilling will begin in Glenn Becks yard.You know whos coming back to town? ... King Tut. ... His mummified remains...will be on display here in New York City. And I was thinking, yeah, big deal. ... I mean, if you want mummified remains, watch Larry King.Heres a fascinating story. The Republican National Committee got together and said, You know, boys, things are going so well for us here lately, lets have a party. So...they said, Well, yeah, but we dont want to pay for it. And they said, No ... Well get the Republican National Committee to pay for it -- money that we get from donations and contributions. Well let the folks pay for it. And everybody said, Great, what do we do? And they said, Well, lets go to Los Angeles to a sex club. And they said, Great! So they end up there at a bondage club in Los Angeles. ... And I thought...that makes perfect sense because Republicans love tying things up: Healthcare, you know; climate control; financial reform...Census time, ladies and gentlemen. ... President Obama filled out his Census. I felt bad for the guy. Like he needs another reminder that he lives with his mother-in-law.Oh, you know what they do every Monday after Easter at the White House? They have the...hunt, on the White House lawn. And...they canceled it this year. You know why? I was stunned. I didnt know about this. Last year...a couple of kids accidentally stumbled into Dick Cheneys underground torture chamber.Hey, heres another deal going on over at the Jacob Javitz Center. Its the annual New York City Auto Show. I like the new tiny cars. ... Like the gas-saving, the tiny little semi-hybrid electric things with the fewer seats. You know, they have fewer seats, just like the Democrats after November, fewer seats.You know what happened in Las Vegas today? Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, was speaking at the alcohol convention in Las Vegas, Nevada. Because, I mean, lets face it, nothing says family values like gambling and liquor.The government says the economy is bouncing back. So now we can go back to making cars nobody wants. That will be good.People were standing in line around the block all weekend to get an iPad. ... Out in Arizona, John McCain was...waiting in line for an IBM Selectric.And theyve been talking about the iPad for months, maybe years. ... Im telling you, it took longer for the iPad to come out than it did Ricky Martin.Experts believe the iPad will revolutionize the way people procrastinate.I am aware that the only reason you people are here tonight is volcanic ash. ... Thank God I still have my swine flu mask.Larry King getting another divorce. ... Had an affair with his sister-in-law but in his defense -- there is always another side to the story -- in his defense, at his age, you know, its hard to remember which sister hes married to.Top Ten Goldman Sachs Excuses:Youre saying fraud like its a bad thing.Planned on using money to buy everyone in America delicious KFC Double Down sandwich.Distraught over George Lopezs move to midnight.We were framed by evil menswear company Goldman Slacks.Since when are financial institutions not allowed to screw their customers?Hey sport, how much to make these questions go away?America needed a villain both Republicans and Democrats can hate.Everyone we ripped off got an I Got Cheated By Goldman Sachs tote bag.Uhh, its Obamas fault?Anybody from Iceland? Well, its volcano season up there. ... And the big volcano cloud...blowing now toward Russia. As a matter of fact, Sarah Palin says she can see it from her house.Talking about air travel and the volcano. The good news, ladies and gentlemen, regular airline service is resuming. ... The bad news -- regular airline service is resuming.The airlines lost $2 billion. ... Usually all they lose is my luggage.You know, a lot of people were flying and got delayed by the Icelandic volcano and everybody is upset. They lost billions of dollars in revenue. And I said, Okay, its kind of their fault. I mean to be flying during the volcano season, come on! Are you nuts? Really? Your own fault.Here is a story that is kind of perplexing: 221 years ago, George Washington went to the library here in New York, took out some books, never returned them. ... Two hundred twenty one years of overdue library fines. I tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, if you want to blame this economic crisis on a president, what about that guy?Heres news now from the Supreme Court. Justice John Paul Stevens is retiring. Hes in his 90s, Justice John Paul Stevens. Said he has had enough, wants to spend more time judging his family.President Obama is here...to announce his peace initiative for Mr. And Mrs. Larry King.John Paul Stevens, 90 years old, Supreme Court justice, is retiring. ... But...dont worry about him. Hes getting his own show on TBS. Hell be fine.He announced his tearful retirement on the Golf Channel.Top Ten Thoughts That Went Through George W. Bushs Mind As He Wrote His Memoirs:Is 36 pages enough?You know who was a great band? Foghat!Taco break!How cool is it that I was President? Come on, up high!Jerky break!Chapter Eight: The day I went 5-for-5 in White House T-ball. And no gimmies. All ropes!What? Ricky Martins gay?Do you spell nucular with 2 os or an e-w?.Shouldnt Cheney be the one writing this?Former President Bush is writing his memoir. Writing his autobiography about his eight years in the White House. Hes not done with it yet, but hes already put up the mission accomplished banner.The publisher...says that in the book, Bush writes honestly and directly...about his flaws and mistakes. ... And Im thinking, whew! Man, this is going to be a long book.You know what happened today down in Washington, DC? ... The...world champion New York Yankees visited the White House. ... Oh, you know who was not there from the championship team? Kate Hudson.It was a beautiful day. President Obama charged them $25...for a hot dog and a warm beer.It was quite a change for the New York Yankees, going from The House That Ruth Built to The House That Bush Wrecked.Here in New York City, the Yankees, theyre champions. In Arizona, they would be deported.Heres a nice story. President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle took the weekend off. ... They went hiking in North Carolina. ... Had a great time. And so he wouldnt get lost, Obama left behind a trail of cigarette butts.Its...nice when a politician says hes hiking the Appalachian Trail and he actually is.Anybody here from Arizona? ... They have that new tough immigration law, and they say now because theyre getting a lot of reaction, theyre saying it isnt targeted to Mexicans. The immigration law, they said, is not about keeping Mexicans south of the border. As a matter of fact, they had a crew out today a government agents looking for Dutch people.Sen. John McCain supported Arizonas new immigration bill. John McCain, also an immigrant. ... He came over on the Mayflower.Here, this is good. Going to be ready for you in November. Going to be in bookstores in November. Its George W. Bushs memoir. ... Its about 14 key decisions that George W. Bush made in his life. ... For example, his decision to move Jay to 10:00 p.m. is covered in the book.The book will be ready in November. Bush is making last minute revisions right now. ... As a matter of fact, his computer screen is covered with whiteouts.And the publisher says that the book contains quite a discussion about all of the mistakes that he made and all of the problems and all of the trouble that he caused. Boy, that will be a long book.And his wife, Laura Bush, also has written a book. Theyre going to be published at the same time. Both have memoirs. Her story and his story. I was thinking, well, whose book would you rather read? The one by the librarian or the one by the guy who choked on a pretzel?Top Ten Signs Your Governor Is Nuts:Keeps a tip jar on the desk.Claims to be governor of Margaritaville.After meeting with Schwarzenegger, raves, This guy is a genius!Last-minute iPhone calls to commute death sentences fail because hes using AT&T.Signs all legislation with his tongue.Just ordered the deportation of guys named Scott or Todd.Thinks Ricky Martin just needs to find the right girl.Used immigration bill to kick George Lopez out of his time slot.Even Rod Blagojevich thinks the dude is crooked.George W. Bush, got his new memoir coming out in November, and its called Decision Points. ... Its about big decisions in his life. And Ive already made a decision not to buy Decision Points.And they said to the former president, Did you use a ghostwriter? And he said, No, the guys still alive.In the book Decision Points, it will reveal all the bad decisions and mistakes that George Bush made as President. This is volume one.For example, he regrets decision number five. Decision number five -- appointing Rosie ODonnell to The View.Arizona is very defensive about its new immigration law. ... They said, Wait a minute. This is just not about Mexicans. ... So earlier today, they were out rounding up Swedes and Finns.Theres a show on CBS called The Mentalist. ... Its about a...detective with heightened powers of observation. ... Let me give you an example of how good this guy is. This guy is so good, he can tell the difference between a Goldman Sachs executive that is a lying crook and a Goldman Sachs executive thats a lying weasel. Hes that good.Former President George Bush is writing his memoir and his wife, Laura Bush...also writing a book called, I believe, From the Heart. And she talks...about one time she and her husband, she believes when they were at a summit meeting in Germany, they were actually poisoned. Thats German food for you.Top Ten Other Revelations In The Laura Bush Book:As a little girl dreamed of one day marrying Americas worst president.Required extra staffers to cut up Presidents pretzels.Thought she was marrying Jeb.That poisoning incident? Turns out George ate a Duraflame log.George still works on his cheerleading routines.At their house, its always happy hour!George loves M&Ms because he thinks they have Dubyas on em.George W. Bush is so dumb, he once got tangled in a cordless phone.Keeps the Mission Accomplished banner above the bed.Lets take a walk down memory lane. On this date...in 1789, George Washington was sworn in as the first president of the United States. And by the way, as a footnote, he is the only president who has never blamed the troubles of this country on the previous administration.And then after George Washington was our president, the next president was...George Washingtons idiot son, George W. Washington.George W. Bush has his memoir...coming out, and, also, his wife, the lovely Laura Bush, has her memoir coming out. Hers is entitled Spoken From the Heart. ... The title of Georges memoir is Whoops.I had the pleasure, the privilege, and the honor to appear on the Regis Lee and Kelly Lee Ripa talk show. ... You have Regis, an older guy, with a spacey sidekick. Its like a Republican ticket, ladies and gentlemen!Big film opened this weekend -- Nightmare on Elm Street -- another remake, but it has been updated. The Nightmare on Elm Street is now foreclosures.Top Ten British Petroleum Excuses:We promise well get around to it by Labor Day.Relax, its only leaking 210,000 gallons a day.Giving everyone a free BP travel mug.Louisiana hasnt had a disaster in five years.Guy from Goldman Sachs said it would make money.Blame FEMA.Did you hear Ricky Martins gay?Blame Toyota.Honestly, were so reckless -- surprised it took this long.Anybody from the Gulf of Mexico area? ... Its going to be the biggest ecological disaster on the history of the planet. And today, a tourist thought they saw a blowfish in the Gulf of Mexico. Turned out to be a flounder holding its breath.British Petroleum says that they have a plan now to clean up the vast...oil spill. ... You know what it is? Hot tub time machine.Something very suspicious happened over the weekend. A car parked at, like, 45th and Broadway, very suspicious. ... And Ill tell you the most suspicious thing about the whole episode was that the guy found a parking place.Thank God the car bombing was thwarted by an alert carjacker.The Iranian dictator, Ahmadinejad, is in town. ... So for one day, Mayor Bloomberg is not the shortest dictator in New York.Ahmadinejad...has got a busy schedule. Today it is the UN. And then tomorrow, hes going to be on The Rachael Ray Show, filleting a camel.And over the weekend, of course, down there in Washington DC, they had the big White House Correspondents Dinner. Do you know who was really funny? President Obama. ... So funny in fact he has already been promised The Tonight Show in five years.Top Ten Dumb Guy Ways To Fix The Oil Spill:Relax. BP says they got it under control.Shhh. Dancing with the Stars is on.Swiffer that sumbitch.Ask John McCain how they handled the Great Oil Spill of 23.Dont look at me. I voted for Kucinich!If you got an extension cord, I got a Shop-Vac Wet N Dry.Oil spill?I thought Iron Man was on it.Invade Iraq.This bombing plot here in Times Square is upsetting. ... Are we more upset about that than the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico? Which do we hate worse? ... I think youve got to go with the oil spill. ... British petroleum, these boobs running this operation, they said, Okay, now wait a minute. Its just going to be a PR nightmare. What can we do? Well give everybody a free tank of gas. ... All you have to do is drive your car right down next to...the Gulf of Mexico.But BP plans to pay for the clean- up. Then theyre going to ask for the bailout.But they say the oil spill has the potential to kill more wildlife than a Sarah Palin hunting trip.So its British Petroleum, or BP. BP, of course, as in broken pipe.Yeah, they plucked a guy off a plane. His name is Faisel Shahzad. They say he was a moody loner. Last year, he vacationed in the tribal regions of Pakistan. Well, no red flags there.Mayor Bloomberg held a press conference. He described the bomb because everybody thought, wow, this is frightening. This is crazy. But the Mayor said, no, the bomb was crude and amateurish. ... Thats what a lot of people are saying about last nights show.But dont you feel secure, ladies and gentlemen, knowing that the only thing standing between you and terrorism is a t-shirt vendor?Experts say the FBI is saying potentially this thing could have been the biggest bomb on Broadway since Peter Pan, starring Kirstie Alley.You know who was in town yesterday? Iranian dictator Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was here, and his Members Only jacket.He was speaking at the UN. Now, seriously, New York City is not this guys kind of town. Everybody here is either gay or Jewish. He had to get out. He said, No thank you.Anybody here from Arizona? Yeah, you know, they have this immigration law in Arizona. I guess its because they share a border with Mexico. In essence, the new law in Arizona is if you dont look like you belong there, get out. ... And if youre in this country illegally, I think I speak for most Americans when I say, ?Qu??If youre in Arizona and you dont look like you belong there, theyll give you a simple test. You have to be able to identify four of Larry Kings ex-wives.Top Ten things Overheard At BP Headquarters:Happy Cinco de Mayo! Nother margarita?We got a nice thank you note from the Toyota people.Any way we can pin this on the Times Square bomber?We just got a nice thank you note from the Goldman Sachs people.I hope they get Robert Wagner to play me in the TV movie.One day, 10,000 years from now, well be able to look back on this and laugh.Let me tell you something, you cant buy this kind of publicity.Tell everybody its our free oil giveaway bonanza.Everyone gets a bonus!You folks been following the big British Petroleum oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Im telling you, British Petroleum has put more birds in oil than Colonel Sanders.I was thinking about this. Heres what I came up with. Now, in Arizona, you know about the new immigration law, where if you dont look like you belong there, they can run you out of the state. And theyve got...patrol cars driving around, pulling up to people, saying, You dont look like you belong here. Get out! So the deal is, in Arizona, they dont like immigrants. And I was thinking, well, thats odd, because right across the river there in California, they elected one governor.How about that Times Square bomber? ... Now, Im no genius, but this guy left his house keys in the bomb car. ... It was the one flaw in an otherwise perfect crime.But there is some good news for Faisal Shahzad. Today he was told that he made the Taliban blooper real.You hear about the new immigration laws in Arizona? What it is, if they dont like your looks, they can have you deported. I dont like how you look. Youre out of here. But you new law is essentially buy a pinata, go to jail. Thats exactly what it is.And the Arizona government is very defensive about this because people are saying that. Theyre saying youre just looking for the Mexicans who are over the border illegally. And the Arizona governor said, No, no, no. Earlier today we were rounding up Germans. Which, by the way, is never a bad idea.Seems like every week theres something new to be sick about, and this week, of course, its the big British Petroleum oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Have you folks been looking at this thing? This is crazy. The thing collapses, and the safety valve, when it collapses, the safety valve is snapped off so the pipe coming out of the ocean floor-- Im sorry, the Gulf floor-- is now pumping. Its leaking a little bit of oil-- 200,000 gallons a day. 200,000 gallons a day pumping right up into the Gulf of Mexico. Its affecting everything. I was at lunch on Sunday, and I ordered the sea bass. My hand to God its a true story. The waiter said to me, Do you want regular or unleaded?British Petroleum the people that caused the big oil leak, theyre saying they have the problem under control. Whats that British Petroleum is saying, its leaking -- Im sorry, gushing -- Im sorry, spewing -- 200,000 gallons of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico of every day. British Petroleum says, You know what? Were taking care of this. Well, thats good enough for me.Let me tell you about The Late Show. Its like a car bomb and an oil spill all in one.Earlier today, the British Petroleum oil executives -- the guys responsible for the big oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico -- they testified before Congress. This was great. They were criticized by the same guys who approved drilling in the Gulf.But these British Petroleum executives are trying to spin this a little bit. I heard one guy say today that its a good thing actually because now when you open a clam, the hinge doesnt squeak.Top Ten Surprises At The Senate Oil Spill Hearing:Proceedings hosted by the delightful Betty White.Executives stalled by doing Glee-style musical number.BP promised to never destroy the environment again.Half of the questions were about whether LeBron should come to the Knicks.BP chairman kept doing hilarious The oily bird catches the worm! joke.Out of habit, CEO from Toyota showed up.Amazing how sleazy those lying bastards are. And the oil executives were worse! Now stay tuned for Jaywalking!Everyone seems excited about Late Shows Close-Up Magic Week.Well get Iron Man to fix it.How about that oil spill in the Gulf? ... They were going to put down what they called a containment platform...and they were going to lower it into the Gulf. ... But that didnt work. So now, British Petroleum wants to try something else. Its a smaller containment device called the top hat. ... They get the top hat on the well, and then theyre going to get John Wilkes Booth to shoot at it.Good news from the world of publishing. Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, has a new book coming out this fall. The warning came from an alert t-shirt vendor.They got a new prime minister in Great Britain. ... Name is David Cameron and he has pledged to protect the country from terrorism so today, he met with the nations top t-shirt vendors.So Gordon brown is out. ... The election...was delayed for like a week or ten days because Al Gore demanded a recount.And it looks like we may be getting a new Supreme Court justice from New York City. Her name is Elena Kagan. And shes apparently very, very smart. ... Heres how smart she is. The woman actually understands New York City parking signs.Top Ten Ways BP Can Improve Its Image:Scrap the snotty British accents.Cry on Oprah.Take a page from AFLAC. New mascot: wise-cracking, oil-soaked duck.Find bin Laden.Start making cookies. Who doesnt love cookies?Whats wrong with our image?Switch from drill, baby, drill, to help, Daddy, help!Instead of their image, maybe they can focus on fixing the damn leak!For goodness sakes, get Iron Man to do something!Do you know about the newest Supreme Court nominee from New York City. Elena Kagan is her name? ... Kagan is smart, really, really smart. Ill tell you how smart she is. She knew back in the 90 that Ricky Martin was gay.The Miss USA Pageant this weekend. Excited? And Miss Arizona, oh, her talent? Spotting illegal aliens.Miss Louisianas talent -- squeegeeing a duck!Have you folks heard about the...oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico? ... Heres what theyre doing now. They got a one mile-long suction hose. It was flown down to the Gulf on Friday by Superman.And what theyre going to do is theyre going to suck all of that oil thats leaking into the Gulf and...pump it up into a tanker. Now the bad news is the tanker is the Exxon Valdez.Did you see the new Miss USA Pageant over the weekend. Miss Michigan won. Congratulations to Miss Michigan. And, well, it gets better. John McCain has already selected her as his 2012 running mate.Sadly, Miss Arizona could not be there. She was being detained by the authorities.Arizona may lose their hockey team. Apparently, heres what happened. Authorities became suspicious that some of the players were Canadian.Top Ten Things I Want To Do As Miss USA (Editors note: List was read by Miss USA): 10. Fill in as secretary of state whenever Hillary Clinton is on vacation.Top Ten Things I Want To Do As Miss USA (Editors note: List was read by Miss USA): 1. Nice things for the elderly, which is why Im here visiting Dave.Have you been following the big oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico? Or as we call it now, the Dead Sea.There is so much oil now in the Gulf of Mexico, and you can thank the folks of British Petroleum for this, so much oil in the Gulf, you can now park on it.And tar is washing up onto the beaches -- big globs of tar. And people are saying, Is that going to ruin our summer at the beach? ... No, of course not. You take the big blobs of tar and you use them to hold down your blanket.How about that volcano in Iceland. ... Its still erupting, but its no longer the biggest environmental disaster. Now, Iceland is teaming up with BP to create this summers top catastrophe. A Lorimar production.A congressman from my home state of Indiana, Mark Souder, has been forced to resign because...he was in a sex scandal. Finally, Im no longer Indianas biggest embarrassment.You know what happened down in Washington? I guess it was yesterday. There was a swarm of bees...down there at the White House. The bees...flew in and demanded to see Obamas birth certificate.Another show canceled right here at CBS, The Ghost Whisperer. ... Every week, the ghost whisperer would run errands for dead people. This week, you tune in, shes trying to find a job for Arlen Specter.Did you hear about this? An Indiana congressman, Mark Souder, was forced to resign because of a sex scandal. Oh, buddy. Heres the score now -- Republicans 22, Democrats 17. Its getting closer.You know Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square bomber, he appeared in court yesterday, his first court appearance here in New York. He was escorted into court by two Federal t-shirt vendors.Top Ten Things Overheard At The White House State Dinner:What happened to the dumb guy who used to live here?May we see your papers, President Obama?The pi?ata is filled with useless Euros.Three whiskey sours and Chuck Schumer takes off his pants.Sir, the Republicans are attempting to block the appetizers.Lincolns ghost ? run!Salahi? No, youre not on the list, but how about a lovely bottle of wine?Hurry, its close-up magic week on The Late Show.Yes, Mr. Vice President, it is a big effing deal.Down there at the White House, they had a state dinner for Mexican President Felipe Calderon. ... Every door at the White House was guarded by a New York City t-shirt vendor.You know that Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square bomber? Well, he appeared in court yesterday. Heres what he is charged with -- domestic terrorism and illegal parking on Broadway.You know, he bungled the gig. ... So the Taliban got wind of this and they said, Thats it. So they downgraded the guy. And he doesnt get 72 virgins. Heres what he gets: 72 vegans.Shell Oil...announced that they plan this summer to start drilling in the Arctic this summer. ... What could possibly go wrong? I mean, honestly. Go ahead, go nuts. Just drill.You starting to get sick about the economy again? ... I was talking to my broker today. ... And he said, Dont worry. Everythings going to be fine. Then the prison guards took him away.This is the end of the big TV viewing season. ... For example, Lost, thats gone. ... Law & Order, wrapping it up. Also say good-bye to the Gulf of Mexico.British Petroleum is now saying the oil spill was caused by a bad underwater cement job. ... You dont have that problem with the mob.John McCain... is angry with British Petroleum. But in all fairness, hes had a grudge against the British since the Revolutionary War.Ladies and gentlemen, this week is the 25th anniversary of Fleet Week, which is early this year, because the people in the Navy and the Coast Guard...all wanted to get to the harbor before the oil slick did.Well, Memorial Day weekend is ahead. I know its only Wednesday, but you want to get a jump on being stuck at the airport for 24 hours.Memorial Day is the day we honor military heroes with a mattress blowout sale at Sleepys.They nabbed a couple of terrorists right here at JFK. And these guys have been training to become terrorists. They go to JFK and they are boarding separate flights and they are going to go to Egypt and meet some buddies of theirs in Somalia. And I said well, no red flags there.To give you an idea now the level, the quality of training that the terrorists are getting: These two guys trained every weekend to become terrorists by playing paint ball. If they got really good at paint ball, Al Qaeda would let them plant a bomb in a go-cart.Al Gore and his wife, long time married couple, are separating. Tipper Gore. And they may get a divorce. Apparently what happened, they experienced global cooling.James Cameron has volunteered to go down to the Gulf of Mexico and consult ... I love it when a guy whos an expert in fake disasters get its involved. ... And if that doesnt work theyre going to contact superman and hes going to weld the pipe with his x-ray vision.The oil spill is getting bad. There is so much oil and tar now in the Gulf of Mexico, Cubans can now walk to Miami.Here now the official Rush Limbaugh wedding announcement. ... Rush Limbaugh wed Catherine Rogers in a quiet Florida ceremony on Saturday. The bridegroom is a controversial radio host and an influential opinion leader in the conservative movement in the United States. The bride is clearly insane.President Obama is fed up with the gulf oil leak. He says now hes getting tough. He wants to know, which, quote which asses to kick. Whose ass do I kick? Dick Cheney said, ass-kick them? Well, just water board them.You know who performed at the Rush Limbaugh wedding? Elton John. Isnt that amazing. It proves that theres absolutely no ideological gap that a million dollar check cant bridge.In 2005 Hurricane Katrina wreaked havoc on the Gulf of Mexico. In 2010 the Gulf was devastated by the largest off- shore oil spill in US history but the fun is just beginning. The governors of the Gulf coast states are pleased to announce they are now accepting bids for the next disaster to hit the region in 2015. Will be a volcanic eruption, an earthquake, an avalanche, killer bees, a meteor, piranhas, zombies or high frequency sound waves?At one time, Barack Obama lived in New York City. ... Obama hasnt lived in this apartment here in New York City since 1981, but oddly enough, its still where he picks up his Pottery Barn catalogues.You remember the guy who tried to blow up his car in Times Square? ... Now, they arrested a couple of guys in New Jersey who were also going to be terrorists, and they trained to become terrorists. Every week they would play paintball. Next step, honestly, was laser tag.Sarah Palin is now saying that President Obama needs to make sure that these oil companies act ethically and responsibly. ... This from a woman who shoot wolves from a helicopter.Yesterday, British Petroleum stock...dropped $17 billion in value. ... And the executives at British Petroleum say they have no idea what happened. I kind of have an idea. I kind of think maybe I got a hunch.But heres the good news. Actor Kevin Costner was testifying before Congress earlier today. And he has come up with a way to separate oil from seawater. And so he was telling the congressmen all about it. And previously, Kevin Costner developed a process to separate moviegoers from their money.But British Petroleum, theyre getting desperate, so here is what they are going to do to improve their public image. With every 100,000 gallons of oil that leaks, you get a free NFL team glass.Top Ten Ways To Make The Tony Awards More Exciting: 8. Helen Thomas comes out and yells at the winners.Top Ten Ways To Make The Tony Awards More Exciting: 3. Give a lifetime achievement award to Osama -- when he shows up, grab him.Top Ten Ways To Make The Tony Awards More Exciting: 2. Who cares? By Sunday, well all be drowning in BP oil.Thanks to British Petroleum, the Gulf of Mexico now has two new islands. Self-service and full.And the CEO of British Petroleum Tony Hayward says that he wont quit over the oil spill. Well thank God. We would hate to lose a genius like that.You know anything about basketball? You know the NBA basketball stuff, like that? You know LeBron James, superstar from the Cleveland, the Cavaliers, LeBron James. ... Well, Mayor Bloomberg is trying to lure LeBron James to come to New York City. And as a matter of fact, he said, If you come and play here in New York City, I will guarantee that you get the New York bombers parking place on Broadway.Were talking about this...bomber. ... And it turns out now that the reason he was so inept is because he failed to complete the al Qaeda training school. He dropped out of the al Qaeda training school. So just let that be a lesson to you kids. Stay in school.Yeah, the al Qaeda training school. That was the bombers fallback school when he didnt get into Ball State.World Cup soccer begins today. ... World Cup soccer happens every four years. Its like a Rush Limbaugh wedding.How about that oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico. ... And you know, the oil slick is going everywhere. So the next time somebody lands on the Hudson, it wont be that big a deal.President Obama is now in the Gulf of Mexico. This is his fourth visit since the spill. So the President has been down there four times. And the head of British Petroleum is saying, Well see, it hasnt affected tourism.The Backstreet Boys...are boycotting British Petroleum. I think Ill wait and see what the New Kids on the Block are doing.President Obama was in the Gulf region again today, having lunch at a local seafood restaurant. Horrible timing. A clam coughed up a tarball.Top Ten Things Overheard During President Obamas Meeting With Tony Hayward:Careful, youre getting oil all over the Oval Office.Before I start kicking as#es, would any of you like some sparkling water?Speaking of leaks, wheres the mens room?Thanks for giving my Administration something to worry about besides two wars, a crushing debt, global warming, and the worst economy in 70 years.Twenty billion?! Hell, I got that on me.Tony, I forgave you the second I heard that dreamy British accent.Gotta keep this short. Im meeting with the President of Indonesia about that smoking baby.Biden, please, enough with the vuvuzela.How can we blame this on Bush and Cheney?Last night, President Barack Obama spoke from the Oval Office about his plan to clean up the oil spill. Did you folks get a chance to see it? Yeah. Well, Im glad that problems behind us.President Obama made a lot of promises that he cant possibly keep. I mean, its like hes campaigning again, really.He assured the nation that the Gulf will be cleaned up and restored to even greater beauty and prosperity. Well, you know what that means. Hes started drinking. Thats the only possible explanation.And then, right after the Presidents speech, Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, said that we should not demonize the oil companies. ... Well, Im glad somebodys looking out for the little guy.And then today, the President met with...British Petroleum CEO Tony Hayward, and Obama was demanding that British Petroleum clean...up the Gulf. And Im thinking, good luck. They cant even clean up their gas station restrooms.Have you seen President Obama lately? People are saying hes dying his hair. Right there, thats a good use for the oil.Top Ten Signs Your Fathers A Loser: 5. Destroyed countrys economy and standing in the world along with his Vice President Dick Cheney.There are rumors now that the CEO of British Petroleum is saying they could go out of business. ... And I thought, well, yeah, great. But if they go out of business, who will be in charge of not stopping the leak?Top Ten Ways Tony Hayward Can Improve His Image:Contaminate waters around a country like North Korea.Reveal secret behind his soft and lustrous curly hair.Apologize on The Golf Channel.Shoot new BP commercial where he viciously is pecked by angry pelicans.Join team Coco.Get a job at Poland Spring; accidentally dump a billion gallons of water into the Gulf.Improve his image, are you kidding? Hes doing great!Hang out at BP station, let customers inflate his a*s with air hose.Dial it back from arrogant bastard to smug pr***People are kind of upset with British Petroleum CEO Tony Hayward. ... Over the weekend, he was out on his yacht. And when President Obama found out that...Tony Hayward was on his yacht, he was so angry, he missed a putt.In his defense, Tony twittered...that the oil spill was still his top priority. And I think you know that a guy really cares when he tweets from his yacht.Remember the Times Square bomber, Faisal Shahzad? He was in court today. And here is where the guy screwed up. He didnt count on our army of alert t-shirt vendors. ... And I was thinking, well, its too bad we didnt have them in the Gulf of Mexico.Faisal now faces a couple of charges, including attempted terrorism and conspiracy to double park.Top Ten Signs Your General Is Losing It:Each day for breakfast, eats large bowl of sand.Named his helmet Peggy.Quality Value Convenience.Working on a new secret weapon: grenade launching squirrels.Instead of devising a battle plan, attends a yacht race.When meeting with tribal warlords, he spends most of the time touching their beards.Storyline about Olivia and Sonny is going nowhere. (Sorry, thats a sign that General Hospital is losing it.)Just lost a tank betting on North Korea in the World Cup.Gets drunk and storms Yankees locker room in bra and panties.President Obama is being criticized now. Heres the problem. The British Petroleum guy, Tony Hayward, was on his yacht recently. Everybody thought, whoa, this idiot. I mean, the Gulf of Mexico is turning to asphalt and the British Petroleum guy is relaxing on his yacht. When he heard about that, President Obama was so angry, he missed a putt.Now, in Obamas defense, people are saying, Wait a minute, the President has always had his own particular way of relaxing. For example, George W. Bush had his way of relaxing. He was President. Thats how he relaxed.Top Ten Things Ive Learned In My 30 Years As A Talk Show Host: 8. Never anger a woman who shoots wolves from a helicopter.You know about the big change in Afghanistan? General McChrystal...did an interview in Rolling Stone and he was talking about how much he didnt like Joe Biden. He was talking about the Administration. He was trashing...everybody. ... So President Obama...calls the guy home from Afghanistan, and they had, like, a...sit-down in the White House, in the Oval Office, today. It was very, very intimate. It was the President, it was General McChrystal, the Salahis, and thats it.But the general, when he showed up, got a very chilly reception, kind of like I did when I came out here.But the general is in trouble for shooting off his mouth. Once again, another hole Obama cant plug.Hes being replaced by General David Petraeus. And when Petraeus got news, he was so excited, he fainted again.Here in New York City, it is 93 degrees and hazy. You know, like Helen Thomas.So hot down in Washington, DC, today that President Obama was fanning himself with his birth certificate.Do you know whats going on down in Washington today? The Senate...began the Supreme Court confirmation hearings for Elena Kagan. ... And tomorrow, my favorite part of the whole procedure, the talent competition. And, I want to tell you something -- wait until you hear this woman sing I Dreamed a Dream.Things in Washington are always so political. President Obama said that the opposition to Elena Kagan seems like pretty thin gruel. Thats how he describes the opposition. If you want thick gruel, just go down to the Gulf of Mexico.Do you know whats going on up there in Toronto? Theyre having the big G20 summit and the protesters were up there. They smashed windows, they overturned cars. They just found out the Lakers won.Its not the G20 anymore. Its now the G19, because Ghana eliminated the United States.Well heres sad news. Dick Cheney, the former vice president of the United States, was hospitalized over the weekend. ... This guy has been in the hospital so many times, the cafeteria has named a sandwich after him.Dick Cheney is okay. Earlier today, he was up and sneering. So hes fine.Top Ten Signs Your Neighbor Is A Russian Spy: 10. Hes on the cover of Russian Spy Digest. 9. During barbeque, he leans into the potato salad and says, Do you copy, comrade? 8. His business card has Russian spy crossed off, and landscaper scribbled in. 7. Your mailmen mysteriously keep dying of polonium poisoning. 6. You ask what his sons name is, he replies, Thats classified. 5. He occasionally has Lenins embalmed body over for iced tea. 4. Same Roto Rooter van has been parked across the street for the last six years. 3. Always asking if you have change for 500 rubles. 2. Saw him with blueprints for the secret candy and soda powered rocket car. 1. You walk in on him giving your wife the old hammer and sickle.The Russian spies tried to blend in. They were acting like Americans. As a matter of fact, for two weeks, they were pretending they loved soccer.You remember Vice President Dick Cheney? ... Hes had like six or seven heart attacks. The poor guy was in the hospital over the weekend. He has been in the hospital so many times the gift shop is now selling Dick Cheney bobble head dolls.And...how about the Gulf of Mexico? ... Billions and billions of barrels of crude oil just surging into the Gulf of Mexico. Its like we essentially have paved the Gulf of Mexico. Cubans are now walking to Miami.Now, theres a tropical storm in that area and it may interfere with the clean-up of the Gulf. Too bad, because it was going pretty well.The big hit on the Internet is the spill cam. ... Its so popular that theyre thinking about adding a band.And now, in the Gulf region, demonstrators are holding hands on the beach by way of protest. ...Boy, that will show em.Forbes magazine published their most powerful celebrities list. Number one was Oprah Winfrey. ... Im...happy to be on the list, a little farther down. Im between Flo, the Progressive Insurance lady, and the Salahis.Doesnt your heart break for Sandra Bullock? ... She and Jesse James officially divorced. You know who shes dating? Gary, the Osama bin Laden hunter.Gary was over there in Pakistan and had night vision goggles. ... He had a sword. And he couldnt find Osama bin Laden. That means hes actually tied with Bush and Obama.Top Ten Reasons Larry King Is Retiring: 10. Hes 126 years old. 9. High definition format scared children and the elderly. 8. Didnt mean to retire. He forgot he still had a show. 7. Wants to focus on his second career as a barn owl. (Editors note: Split screen image of Larry King and a barn owl were shown by the program.) 6. Its not easy juggling a television show, marriage, and an affair with your wifes sister. 5. Suspender rash. 4. Lately, introduces every guest as the lovely Ms. Carol Channing. 3. Couldnt handle pressure of coming up with questions like, Whats your favorite lunch meat? 2. Well, theres this. (Editors note: Program showed videotape of Larry King stuttering, trying to say E. coli.) 1. He needs time to plan his divorce.Ladies and gentlemen, news from the world of broadcasting. Larry King has announced his retirement. ... He says he wants to spend more time with his wives.But, seriously, Larry has really been trying to slow down, of course, since his recent death.Larrys absence creates a void. As a matter of fact, his presence creates a void.Heres how savvy the Russian spies are and were -- they knew four years ago that Ricky Martin was gay.Theyre having the confirmation hearings down in Washington, DC, with Elena Kagan. And so far, the woman has offered very few opinions. I thought to myself, well, my God -- how do you find a woman like that?But of course, we have the big annual Letterman family picnic. ... I sent Mom out to get a couple of tanks of propane, and she was picked up by Homeland Security.You know what is in the theaters right now is another movie in the Twilight saga. ... Everybody has got Twilight fever. Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska, was in a helicopter, shooting werewolves.But...all across the country, it was iPhone mania. Thousands and thousands of people lined up for the new iPhone. Meanwhile, out in Arizona, John McCain was on line for a pay phone.I thought this was nice. Earlier today, President Obama invited Mel Gibson and his girlfriend to the White House for a beer.But British petroleum says that theyre very happy with the new cap. And I said, Well, if theyre happy, Im happy. What do I care?How about the big spy thing here in New York. ... Russia gets 10 of their spies and I think a commie to be named later.Rush Limbaugh had an apartment here in New York City. He sold the apartment for $11.5 million. ... That is $2.5 million for the apartment and $9 million for what they found in the medicine cabinet.But it was a huge apartment -- 4,000 square feet of space.... No, wait a minute, thats Rush.If you know anything about the big spy swap here in New York City, there were ten spies and they were running around New York City stealing secrets. ... They arranged a big spy swap. It was very exciting. We sent them ten spies, and they sent us four spies, plus a Cuban pitcher.You all know Fidel Castro. Getting to be older. Hes 83. He appeared on Cuban television for the first time in four or five years and he condemned the United States, he condemned nuclear proliferation, he condemned LeBron James. He went nuts.Well, heres some information about real estate. Rush Limbaugh...had an apartment here in New York City. ... Sold it for $11.5 million. It has a very narrow view.It overlooks the flaws of the Republican Party.I believe the address is One Wind Bag Plaza.This just in. President Obama is looking to trading Mel Gibson to Russia.You remember Bill Clinton? ... Bill and Hillary went out and bought a brand-new house in upstate New York.... Hes still keeping the old place to use as a bachelor pad.But the new place is beautiful. Its...one of those houses that has a name. ... I believe its called Rancho Impeacho.Top Ten Overheard On President Obamas Vacation:Sorry, sir, your iPhone has no reception.Crap, is that an oil slick?Nothing boosts a sagging approval rating like a vacation.Ewww, its Senator Scott Brown. (Editors note: Program showed videotape of nude guy on beach.)Any interest in pardoning Lindsay Lohan?Sure is nice to get a break from all that golfing.Theres nothing like a romantic stroll on the beach with your wife and 30-man Secret Service detail.Do I have to go back?A 48-hour vacation? Bush took naps longer than that.Over the weekend, President Obama was on vacation and this is his 65th vacation day since hes been in the White House, which means hes only 300 vacation days shy of tying George Bush.Heres how hot it is in New York City. ... Members of conservative political groups...have started something called the Iced Tea Party.Former Vice President Dick Cheney had a heart procedure over the weekend and they installed a heart pump. ... Thank you, BP.They say that over the next two years, Dick Cheney will have a 58% chance of survival. Thats pretty scary. I mean, thats about the same survival rate as his hunting buddies.And over the weekend in Washington, DC, there was an earthquake. ... It was so powerful that the Supreme Court shifted to the left.Heres what stinks. FEMA still hasnt arrived there at the scene of the earthquake. And theyre there! ... Thats where they are and they havent arrived.The earthquake woke everybody up at 5:00 a.m. Hillary Clinton ignored it and rolled back to sleep. She just thought it was Bill coming in.President Obama has passed a new policy now that will protect the nations oceans and coasts. Thank God, because you just dont want anything bad to happen. Honestly.You remember Sarah Palin, who was the governor of Alaska for a couple of years? ... She had a daughter who had a baby out of wedlock with a guy named Levi Johnston. ... And this is good news -- theyre getting married. ... Bristol and Levi are getting married. You know who they were talking to today? Joe the wedding planner.You know who will run for president? Jeb Bush. ... I feel the same way about Bush presidencies as I do about the Godfather films. Youre better off stopping at two.The president of British Petroleum is apparently leaving his job. Its not official. It just leaked out.You all remember Vice President Dick Cheney. ... He has to have a warning bracelet to let people know theres heart trouble. What about a warning for his hunting buddy?You know who will probably run for president now? President Bushs younger brother, Jeb. ... There are three Bush brothers. George W. Bush. You have Jeb. And of course, the hot-tempered Sonny.You know whos getting married? Bristol Palin. She getting married to Levi Johnston. .. Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska, is so excited, she cant even make up words to express how thrilled she is.This is what happened to Sarah Palin. She was delivering a speech and she was so excited and she said refudiate. ... You have refute and repudiate. And she combined them. ... I remember a couple of years ago, John McCain mistakenly combined the words vice president and Palin.Jeb Bush, the brother of former President George Bush...is running for president. ... Thank God, ladies and gentlemen! The comedy recession is over.And political experts and pundits and people who know the Bushs are saying that Jeb Bush is smarter than his brother. Thats damning with faint praise, isnt it?Top Ten Questions On The BP CEO Job Application:How many lies can you type per minute?Do you own a lot of towels and rags?On a scale of 1-10, how committed are you to protecting the environment, 1 meaning Not very much and 10 meaning Not at all?What species do you most want to drive into extinction?This isnt about the job, but seriously, how crazy are those Mel Gibson recordings?Do you know how to beat a lie detector?Have you ever seen a donkey parasailing? (Editors note: show played videotape of donkey parasailing.)By the way, would you mind firing the last guy for us?Any suggestions on where we should have our next spill?Hey, its a big week for our TV friends at The View. Thursday, President Obama will be appearing as a guest on The View and next week, he will be appearing on Foxs daytime show, The Narrow View.Top Ten Surprises In The Leaked Government Documents:Intelligence agencies have almost deciphered the plot of Inception.Outlined the Knicks failed strategy to get LeBron.Terror chatter is at its lowest during episodes of Cake Boss.Al Qaeda canceled plans to destroy Gulf of Mexico when BP beat them to it.Havent found Osamas cave, but did find his man cave with a sweet 65-inch flat screen.Despite stern memo from Kathy Mavrikakis, documents werent printed double-sided.Discovered classified location of Chelsea Clintons wedding.Obama and Osama almost appeared with Oprah in Tostitos Super Bowl commercial.Turns out the nine-year, no-end-in-sight Afghan war isnt going well.By the way -- it happened earlier today just before I came out -- 90,000 pages of the Clinton wedding plans were leaked by WikiLeakia.British Petroleum CEO Tony Hayward...got fired. ... British Petroleum is sending him to a project in Siberia. He wants to go to a part of the planet that hasnt yet been ruined. He wants to go there and see if he cant ruin it.Do you know who is going to be on The View on Thursday? President Obama will be on The View. ... I predict after 10 minutes on The View, hell call General Petraeus to send in more troops.But...on The View, I mean, my God. First the Nobel Prize and now this. Wow!President Obama is in town and making an appearance The View. ... Elizabeth Hasselbeck has demanded to see his birth certificate.Big weekend on the social calendar. Chelsea Clinton is getting married in New York. Once again, Cleveland gets snubbed.Security at the Chelsea Clinton wedding will be extremely tight. And that just to keep Bill away from the bridesmaids.Top Ten Reasons Jeb Bush Isnt Running For President:Wont move into house previously occupied by a smoker.Too busy with his daily routine: Gym, tan, laundry.Huckabee already has a lock on the pasty fat guy vote.Leaves voicemail messages that make Mel Gibson sound like a choir boy.Scared of Lincolns ghost.Wants to be American Idol judge.Wasnt blessed with Bush family stammer (Editors note: Program played video tape of Bush stammering, Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme.)For some reason, hed rather not inherit two wars, massive debt and an ocean full of oil.No governor siblings to help him rig the election.Do we have anybody from Arizona here? ... This new immigration law went into effect...I believe earlier today. And it may not mean much to us but I mean Im telling you, the Diamondbacks had to replace their entire bullpen.And theyre serious. Today, out there in Arizona, they swapped 10 illegal aliens for four Russian spies.Barack Obama goes on The View. And, you know, his critics are saying this guy is unwilling to confront radical extremists.Chelsea Clinton is getting married this weekend. ... I dont know how this happened, but shes marrying Levi Johnston.Snooki, from MTVs Jersey Shore got in trouble. She punched a cop or something like that. ... President Obama stepped in. And...heres what he did. He invited them both to the White House for a beer.The President of the United States has no idea who Snooki is. I find that comforting.Chelsea Clinton...got married over the weekend. ... Im beginning to think maybe Im not getting an invitation.Have you seen photos of the event? It looked lovely. I mean, Hillary was there. She was wearing a strapless pantsuit.And of course, Bill had his attorneys add some wiggle room to the wedding vows.And it was funny, at one point Bill Clinton...accidentally backs into an ice sculpture at the reception and he goes, Whoa, Hillary!Did you hear about the big Chelsea Clinton wedding? ... Chelsea Clinton getting married in Rhinebeck, New York. ... Theyre also hosting the Al Gore divorce.Happy birthday to President Barack Obama, who would be 49 years old tomorrow. ... If he had a birth certificate.Top Ten Ways Barrack Obama Celebrated His Birthday:Read details of his surprise party on Wikileaks.Got a new fake birth certificate he wanted.Read Eat Pray Love and bawled his eyes out.Asked birthday party magician if he could make Sarah Palin disappear.Fist-bumped with Snooki and The Situation.Went to Pizzeria Uno for their Shrimp & Crab Fun-Doo with the guys from NORAD.Flew Air Force One to Party Depot to buy helium balloons..Sat alone watching Real Housewives marathon on Bravo.Stuffed Tony Hayward full of nickels and beat him like a pi?ata.Happy birthday to President Barack Obama. Today, the President is 49 years old. ... He blew out all his candles and wished for his old job back.Obamas 49 years old and I want to tell you something -- and believe me, Im no political expert -- but its not a good sign when your age is higher than your political approval rating. Never a good sign.You know the Salahis? They kept having parties at the White House and the Salahis would show up and they werent invited. ... They have their own show now, and in an exciting episode, the Salahis throw a party and then President Obama crashes it.I guess it was last week President Obama appeared on a show called The View, which is hosted by women who talked his ears off. But he lives with his mother-in-law, so he doesnt care.Sarah Palin is criticizing the President for what she is calling a cheap TV stunt. Thats what she said. Then she went camping with Kate Gosselin.Sarah Palin also said that the President ought to stay focused on the job. ... This coming from a woman who wouldnt finish one term as governor of Alaska.Happy birthday to Neil Armstrong, who is 80 years old. First man on the moon. ... And nowadays, most of his small steps are to the bathroom.Top Ten Signs New York City Has A Bedbug Problem: 4. Proposed Ground Zero mosque being converted to a Ground Zero Terminix.If you watch it, the Miss Universe contestants are judged on poise, beauty, and how well they can walk in high heels, which is the same way Republicans pick vice presidential candidates.Roger Clemens may go to prison for perjury because he may have lied to Congress. And Im thinking, wait a minute, all of a sudden thats a crime? What, really? When did that become a... Who are we kidding?Apparently, Clemens went before Congress and was lying to them. And I was thinking, what does the guy think hes doing, running an oil company?Rod Blagojevich, former governor of Illinois, because of a mistrial, hes out, hes free. Im telling you, it didnt look good for Blagojevich, especially when that thing on his head testified against him.President Barack Obama is on vacation. ... This is his sixth vacation of the year. ... And experts say if he stays healthy, he could break George W. Bushs record.Im telling you, this guy Obama is under a lot of pressure and could not wait to get on vacation. When Air Force One landed, he grabbed a couple of beers and slid down the emergency chute. He couldnt wait to get down there.We have a new Miss Universe, Miss Mexico. Her name is Jimena Navarrete. Congratulations to Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe from Mexico. And good luck in Arizona.You know who...is on vacation? President Barack Obama. ... Since hes been in office, this is his sixth vacation. ... Hell have plenty of time for vacations when his one term is up. Plenty of time.You know who they arrested was Osama bin Ladens personal chef.How many of you have a personal chef? Osama bin Laden has got a personal chef. They put him down in Guantanamo. Were learning more and more about his personal chef. First of all, his famous dish is Linguini al Qaeda.John McCain is in the primaries out there in Arizona. Hes expected to win easily. Theyre saying it could be the biggest comeback by a senior citizen since Brett Favre.Oh, heres something. Talk about having a sense of humor. Iran with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, what a hip guy. They have been developing...a long-range missile. And its the first unmanned...missile that they have developed. And theyre calling it the ambassador of death. Yes, apparently, they had a write-in contest in Iran to help them name their first long- range missile. And the most popular choice was ambassador of death.Top Ten Ways Miss Universe Plans To Make The World A Better Place (Editors note: Miss Universe Jimena Navarrete read the list): 4. Ill offer Osama bin Laden a meet-add-greet -- when he shows up, bam, we grab him!How about that John McCain. He had the primary out there in Arizona, apparently he won easily. So that was exciting. They had a big celebration there at his ranch, the Lazy Colon.Everything was going great until...immigration raided the kitchen.John McCain was so excited...about the victory that when...his campaign plane landed in Arizona, he grabbed a couple of beers and went out the emergency slide.Happy birthday today to John McCain. He is 74 years old. ... Theyre going to have a big party for him this weekend. ... All his friends will be there. Joe the plumber will be there. Joe the cardiologist will be there. Joe the urologist will be there. All his friends. And hell be at Dennys, blowing on his soup.And theres even a new movie out about John McCain. ... Big, big hit. Its called Eat Pray Nap.Five years ago, Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans. ... Now, thats not to be confused with the Gulf disaster. Hurricane Katrina was not British Petroleums fault. That was the other Gulf disaster. Completely different.George W. Bush...observed the fifth anniversary of Katrina by doing exactly what he did when the hurricane struck. Nothing.Top Ten Things Never Before Said In An Oval Office Address:Watch how fast I can spin in my chair... Weeeeeeee!!!Who wants Justin Bieber tickets?Tonights Oval Office address has been brought to you by Jimmy Dean Pure Pork Sausages.Kneel before General Zod!Now Id like to share a poignant story about Frank Sinatra.Earlier today I met with the Vice President, the Secretary of State, and Late Show audio technician Tom Herrmann.CAA sent over lunch. There are steaks and sandwiches in the conference room.Just back from a pleasure trip -- took my mother-in-law to the airport. HIYO!Just like most of America, Id rather be watching Glee.You see the address last night? ... President Barack Obama said the Iraqi war was over, and Im telling you, this thing was dragging on and on and on, and people said, What is the point? And I said, Its like this show.But the President has been busy. He redecorated the Oval Office and then he took another two-week vacation.Oh, the Iraqi government is now relatively stable. Its hard to believe, isnt it, after all this time? ... Theyve had fewer changes in regime than the Tonight Show.Hillary Clinton is denying rumors that she will replace Joe Biden as the vice president in 2012. ... Its fun to have a Clinton denying stuff again, isnt it?Folks have big plans for Labor Day? ... Labor Day, of course, is the one day a year we honor our workforce. Do we still have a workforce?We go out and we buy a lot of products made in China. ... Thats how we celebrate Labor Day.How about that President Obama speech yesterday in Milwaukee. Do you remember that speech? Heres what happened. The President saw his shadow. Which means six more weeks of recession.President Obama, listen to this, proposed a $50 billion job bailout. He wants to rebuild roads, $50 billion. Rebuild roads, going to rebuild runways, going to be rebuilding railway lines. Going to be rebuilding his presidency.Yall remember Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska. There is a article about her in a magazine that says shes a lousy tipper. ... Ill give you an example how cheap she is: Dinner for four, a steak dinner. She left only two pelts.On the other hand, you think Bad tipper? Wait a minute, I dont know because a couple of years ago she gave back 20% of the vote to Obama.Top Ten Signs Your Governor Is Losing It:Giggles uncontrollably when saying the word gubernatorial.Still hiding in crawlspace waiting for Hurricane Earl.Puts on wig, pretends to be his wife.Still wearing white after Labor Day ? hel-looo?Describes leadership style as a mix of Jefferson, Churchill, Blagojevich.You get him on the phone and he barks like a dog. [Editors note: Letterman held up a phone while barking was played] Thats Gov. Patterson.At least once a week, wakes up naked on roof of the capitol building.Makes no secret of the fact that she entered politics to meet Justin Bieber.She resigned from running Alaska to work for Fox News.This is the guy down in Florida. Hes got himself a church down there and hes going to have the big Koran burning. And when former Alaska governor Sarah Palin heard about it she says This is insensitive and an unnecessary provocation. Sounds to me like somebody bought a dictionary.Secretary of state Hillary Clinton commenting on planned Koran burning says that its an indiscretion that we should ignore. Like she did with Bill.Osama bin ladens buddy Khalid Sheikh Mohammed...hes been in prison now. Hes lost 40 pounds, he lost 40 pounds in prison. He looks fantastic. You know how he lost 40 pounds? Water boarding and wheat grass.World leaders are in New York City, meeting at the UN. ... And you know what they agreed on? Superman has got to do more.Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is in town. ... He, as you know, hates Jews and gay people. Boy, is he in the wrong place.All of the tiny dictators have arrived in town: Ahmadinejad; Kim Jong Il; Mayor Bloomberg.Sarah Palins daughter, Bristol Palin, is on Dancing with the Stars. ... And Im telling you something, you cant get any bigger star than the daughter of a vice presidential loser. Thats as good as it gets there.How about this? ... The...Republican candidate from Delaware, Christine ODonnell. It turns out shes a practicing witch.And if she wins, and goes to the Senate, shell be the first practicing witch in Washington since Barbara Bush, I think.But Christine ODonnell says that she once had a date on a satanic altar. ... Well, who hasnt, you know what I mean?She looks a lot like....Sarah Palin. And you know what that means. More work for Tina Fey.Any world leaders here from the UN tonight? ... You know who...is here? From Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, is in New York City. ... He received a chilly reception. I said, Hey, welcome to the club.Let me say a couple of words about...Ahmadinejad. ... Short and ugly. There you go.The guy was going nuts. He was ranting about everything. He wanted about the United States. He ranted about Obama. He ranted about Mondays premiere of Hawaii 5-0.Well, theyve nominated and theyre going to probably elect a witch as senator from Delaware. ... This is going to be exciting. We havent had a witch in Washington since, oh, Condoleezza Rice, I think.Top Ten Things Overheard This Week At The United Nations:Knock off the fist pumping.Wrap it up, Chavez. We have tickets to see Billy Elliot.Remember the year Don Rickles dropped his pants and fired a rocket.We must join together to answer the question the entire world is asking: What is The Event?I really only came to New York for Late Shows Dancing Animals Week.Hummus! Who needs Hummus?Jeez, they gave Jim Belushi another show?No, President Bush, this is not Epcot.Forget the world, how about fixing the Mets?Heres how you can tell it is autumn. Christine ODonnell, the witch from Delaware -- you know who Im talking about ? today, she used her cauldron to make chowder.The premiere of Hawaii 5-0 has been shown right here on CBS. How many of you saw that show? ... What a great episode. The cops are looking around and they accidentally stumble on Obamas birth certificate.Oh, according to experts, the recession is over. ... What I want to know is, is it really over or is it pulling a Leno?Vice President Joe Biden says...the stimulus is working. And he also says his hair plugs are working.Top Ten Secrets Revealed In The New Bob Woodward Book:In White House cafeteria is Taco Night.Work comes to a halt during Jersey Shore.Joe Biden can fit 11 golf balls in his mouth.Includes 20 pages of Woodwards favorite pit barbecue recipes.Obama keeps staffers in line by constantly threatening to call Mavrikakis.The CIA knew the Joaquin Phoenix thing was fake.White House is haunted by the ghost of Dick Cheney.Administration considered combining Iraq and Afghanistan into one big unmanageable country called Iraqnifstan.America loves dancing alpacas.Earlier today, President Obama was speaking at the UN and no one could tell if it was a calm, measured address or an angry tirade.Christine ODonnell is going to be the senator from Delaware and today, she promised if shes elected, shell cast a spell on healthcare.Top Ten Things Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Likes About America:The Mall of America.Due to exchange rate, tan windbreakers have never been so affordable.Fixins bars.A new Hawaii 5-0? We just got the old one!Not waking up with his underpants full of sand.Dancing Dog? Now Ive seen everything!Those laugh-out-loud Katherine Heigl rom-coms.Between Paris and Lindsay Lohan, someone is always up for a party.I thought I was nuts til I heard Glenn Beck.Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is at the UN this week. Hes there with all of the tiny dictators.This is crazy-- 18% of Americans are convinced that Ahmadinejad is a Muslim.Theres news now that Sarah Palin ? you remember Sarah Palin, part-time governor of Alaska. ... She may be running for president. ... Well, she was interested...and then she heard it was a four-year deal.Bob Woodward has written a book...called Obamas Wars. And in the book, he says that the White House agonized over the decision to leave Iraq. And I thought great, too bad nobody agonized over the decision to go Iraq.In the book, they talk about...bitter arguments, personality clashes, and power struggles. And thats just with Obamas mother-in-law.How hot it is in Los Angeles California. Yesterday it was like 113 degrees. ... Heres how hot it was in Los Angeles. Governor Schwarzenegger was down in Los Angeles yesterday. And hes taking a walk on the hot sidewalk. ... It actually scorched his knuckles.It was so hot yesterday in...Los Angeles, Sarah Palin was happy to get a chilly reception on Dancing with the Stars.Lindsay Lohan is back in rehab. All part of the Republicans Pledge to America.Top Ten Ways Barack Obama Can Boost His Popularity With Younger Voters:Limit speeches to 140 characters or less.Broadcast all Oval Office addresses in 3D.Replace Rahm Emanuel with a hunky, brooding vampire.Trade in Air Force One for rocket-powered Obama-cycle.Answer tough questions with Whatevs.Change name to Bajustin Obieber.Refer to his abdominal muscles as The Administration.Check into rehab, go to prison, check back into rehab, go back to prison; check back into rehab.Join Team Coco.Top Ten Other Reasons Rahm Emanuel Is Leaving the White House:Traumatized from seeing David Axelrod naked in the congressional gym shower.Wants to spend more time with his temper.White House is crawling with bed bugs.Tired of corrupt Washington politics; switching to corrupt Chicago politics.Needs to practice if he wants to make next seasons Dancing with the Stars.That Snooki novel aint gonna write itself.Caught having an inappropriate relationship with a NORAD computer.Leno wanted his job.Figured hed have to leave in two years anyway.Change...in Washington, DC, at the White House. Chief of staff Rahm Emanuel is leaving. ... And at the official announcement tomorrow that Rahm Emanuel is leaving, he will deliver one last obscene-filled rant.Top Ten Reasons To Be Excited Its October: 2. Only a few weeks until we replace weak Democratic Congress with insane Republican Congress.Top Ten Rick Sanchez Excuses: 2. Accidentally took a handful of Larry Kings heart pills.Top Ten Rick Sanchez Excuses: 1. Hate-filled rant was an audition for Fox News.Like, every month, there is a new Osama bin Laden audiotape. And experts say that the guy is struggling...to stay relevant. ... Welcome to the club, pal.In his new hate-filled rant, bin Laden is talking about global warming. ... This guy thinks its getting hot now wait until he gets to hell.Hey, we have a new Supreme Court justice. Elena Kagan joined the Supreme Court today. Its interesting. She has when Oliver Wendell Holmes old locker.This morning I get up to let the dog out into the backyard. ... President Obama was out there talking about the economy.The Democrats and President Obama now are desperately trying to energize voters. And today I saw -- did you see the photos of President Obama? Hes now wearing a suit made of meat.The United States Senate has voted to limit...the volume of television commercials. ... Who says Congress doesnt get anything done? I mean, come on!Top Ten Bad Campaign Commercial Opening Lines:Im Vince and this is my sock puppet, Todd.Americas best days are way, way, way behind us.Before we get into politics, Id like to say a few words about Levitra.I stand before you naked as the day I was born.My campaign platform is simple: Gym; tan; laundry.Meowwwww.Im wanted by the feds.Hi, Im 35, single, and looking to mingle.You people can kiss my a@#.Do you remember the Times Square bomber? ... Life in prison for that guy, ladies and gentlemen. The biggest bomb on Broadway since Kirstie Alley in Peter Pan.Top Ten Signs Theres Trouble at FOX News:News ticker reads, Bosses crazy, send help.Todays top story: Is there anything more delicious than bacon?Been criticizing Obama for not doing enough to prevent World War I..Bill OReilly inviting guests to enter the No Pants Zone.Crime stories eerily similar to plot of most recent Hawaii Five-O.Spent five hours today breaking down the Mets playoff chances.Thinking about hiring Rick Sanchez.Since June, Glenn Beck has been doing this nonstop. (Editors note: Program aired tape of Beck barking.)Theyre thinking of giving the 10pm slot to Leno.Top Ten Signs Youll Never Win A Nobel Prize: 8. You had to clarify your past by saying, Im not a witch.Happy birthday to Bo, the White House dog. Bo is two years old. Bo is, I believe, a Portuguese water dog and for a while, people were worried that the Portuguese water dog would become an extinct breed. The Democrats know that feeling.Here now is the difference between Obamas dog, Bo, and the economy. Obama fixed the dog.Celebrity birthday, happy birthday to Bo, the White House dog. You know how they say dogs start to look like owners and owners start to look like dogs and vice versa. Bo is behaving like his owner. He blames all the countrys problem on President Bushs dog.Do you remember we had the governor of New York named Eliot Spitzer. ... He got in trouble, he liked whores, and so had to go away. Hes back now with his own show on CNN. Isnt that crazy. The guys got his own show nightly on CNN, like an hour I think Monday through Friday. At the end of each show he would leave a couple grand on the table. It was awful.The Nobel prizes are being given out. ... A Nobel Prize went out today for the category of fiction. That went to Christine ODonnells resume.Top Ten Entries On Barack Obamas Enemies List:General Hospitals Patrick for cheating on Robin with Lisa.Secretary who answers the phone, Yell-o?Late Show audio technician Tom Herrmann.Those Chilean miners. Youre trapped, we get it.Online store that still hasnt delivered his Captain Kirk chair.Anyone who doesnt think Glee makes your spirit soar.Drugstores that dont carry Topol, the smokers tooth polish.Late night talk show hosts who deliver lame top ten lists at his expense.Bastard who lost his birth certificate.I heard today that Wall Street this year is going to pay out in bonuses $144 billion. Well, that will send a clear message to these guys. No more screwing around.One hundred forty four billion dollars, or as they call it down on Wall Street, a pay cut.Turning our attention to North Korea, the evil, vicious, hateful dictator Kim Jong Il has chosen one of his sons to be his successor. He has three sons. Theres the dad, Kim Jong Il. Then he has three sons. One is Kim Jong Un, one is Kim Jong Nam, and the other one is Hoss.President Obama is going back to the catchphrases that he had so much luck with during the campaign. Yes, we can. Do you remember that? ... Another one hes working on ? Okay, so Im a Muslim.Over the weekend down in Philadelphia, a guy was naked, running around in front of the President. ... They arrested the guy. Hes going to spend the rest of the year in jail. Of course, the year is 1974.Somebody through a book at President Obama. I thought, wait a minute. If youre trying to scare a president by throwing a book at him, youre one president too late.North Korea is getting a new evil dictator. ... Kim Jong Il has named his own replacement. ... Its his dimwitted son, Kim Jong W. Il.President Obama is trying to reconnect emotionally with his supporters. I gave up on that years ago.The midterm elections are in three weeks. The Democrats are at a huge disadvantage, and Ill tell you why. They dont have a witch running. Thats the problem. They need a witch.You know, there is a witch down there in Delaware -- Christine ODonnell. And they had a television debate last night. And the moderator kept saying, comment about recent Supreme Court decisions. And the only one she could come up with was -- she said, Hmm. Cox versus Arquette.But the first debate was at podiums. And the next debate will be at satanic altars, so I think shes going to do better.You all know Kim Jong Il, the evil dictator of North Korea. ... Hes stepping down, and he has appointed his son Kim Jong Un as his successor. If you dont know, Kim Jong Il has three kids -- Kim Jong Un and Kim Jong Nan and then the daughter, Kim Jong Dashian.Most powerful women in the world ? Forbes magazine has them all listed. ... Sarah Palin is a number 16. ... At number 15 -- Tina Fey as Sarah Palin.Sarah Palin is saying now that...shes thinking about running for president. And I say, Oh, thank you, God.Top Ten Signs Theres Trouble In The Democratic Party:Joe Biden asked to see the Presidents birth certificate.Only running campaign commercials in Mexico.Their top adviser ? the Rent Is Too Damn High guy.They got a hang in there text from Brett Favre.Gave up on campaigning to go see Jackass 3-D.Replaced old playbook with They Call Me Baba Booey by Gary DellAbate.Only cheered up by Barney Franks hilarious Buddy Hackett impression.Nancy Pelosi found in hotel room drunk and naked with Charlie Sheen.Even Fox News feels sorry for them.Do you remember the psychic octopus in Germany that would go game to game and pick the World Cup soccer winners, the psychic octopus? ... Hes dead. ... He was stomped to death outside a rand Paul Rally.Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for Halloween? .. Oh, its the scariest day of the year, if you dont count Election Day.Tuesday is Election Day. Millions and millions of Americans take time off from their jobs on Tuesday to pretend to go vote, so its going to be a big day.Have you found this to be true, that there is a lot of confusion about the election? For example, that Delaware witch who is running for Senate -- Christine ODonnell, -- she thinks that the Jon Stewart Rally To Restore Sanity is actually a Rally to Restore Satan.Congratulations to the San Francisco Giants, who won the first game of the World Series. The Rangers lost and that Cliff Lee, man, this guy got beat up pretty bad. It was like watching a Rand Paul rally.I just cant get through Halloween fast enough. ... They got the lousy games that youve got to play. And I always hated the bobbing for apples. ... Or as Dick Cheney used to call it, apple-boarding.Heres a sobering thought -- on this very day in 1929, the stock market crashed. And you know why it crashed? Wall Street greed. ... Thank God they fixed that.What do you folks know about this WikiLeaks deal? ... Somehow they get secret government military papers from the CIA, from the state department, and from the Pentagon, and then they release them on WikiLeaks. And everybody goes crazy because theyre secret, and they think, Oh, what do we do now? Ill give you an example of the kind of stuff theyre releasing. It turns out now, the CIA...knew about Leno getting a show at 10:00. ... And they did nothing to stop it.You know who I like down there in Kentucky is that Rand Paul. ... Heres a guy that...likes having rallies and then he likes having people stomped on. So if you show up at a rally, be prepared to get stomped.The Rand Paul goons saw a woman with a sign that they didnt like as he was driving by in his motorcade. So they wrestled her to the ground, because she was carrying what appeared to be a dangerous sign.And they get her down on the ground, and then the guy who did the stomping...said, I cant ? Ive got a bad back. I couldnt bend over, so I had to use my foot to keep her head on the ground. Oh, okay. Well, once you know the facts, everythings fine.Over the weekend, there were bomb packages from Yemen sent by the same guy...who did the work for the guy who had the underpants bomb? ... This guy has made more bombs than Kevin Costner.You can sure tell its winter. The Democrats have gone into hibernation.By the way, while you were applauding, three more states turned red.Down in Washington, DC, today, volunteers were washing the mud off Democrats and releasing them back into the wild.Republicans are in charge now, ladies and gentlemen. And we all remember how well that worked last time.Voters didnt like the way President Obama was handling the economy. Wait a minute, he was handling the economy? What?!And now, Ohio Representative John Boehner succeeds Nancy Pelosi as the Speaker of the House. He will be our first orange Speaker of the House.You know, down in Delaware, Christine ODonnell, the witch, she lost the election. She conceded, congratulated her opponent, and then vanished in a cloud of smoke.People are saying that Christine ODonnells career in politics may be over. I think, however, she still has about six months left as a punch line.How about that Rand Paul? Guy was elected, and wasting no time, went right to Washington and started stomping Nancy Pelosi.How about the big Republican landslide, ladies and gentlemen? ... I tell you, nobodys laughing at my John Boehner tattoo now.Did you see President Obamas press conference the day after Election Day? .. He looked a little sad, a little disappointed. I mean, it was like last nights audience.But thats the thing about the President. I mean, one day youre up, one day youre down. But you got to keep...doing the job. In fact, this weekend, Obama is going to India on business. He will be traveling on Air Force One Term.Americas future now depends on Republicans and Democrats working together. ... Were screwed.Former President George W. Bush has written a book...called Decision Points. And it will be out next week. ... Ive already made a decision not to buy it.How about those elections? We have a Republican House, we have a Democratic Senate, and we have a president with veto power. Smooth sailing, right? No problems there.Al Qaeda...now has a branch in Yemen. ... They have more franchises than the Real Housewives.Dont you love fall in New York City? ... The colors, you know, brown and gold and orange. And thats just John Boehners face.Hillary Clinton says she will not run again for president. Your move, Brett Favre.Former President George W. Bush has written his memoir. Its called Decision Points. Ive already decided not to read it.Hell be everywhere promoting the book. Hes...going to be on the Today Show, going to be on the Oprah Winfrey show, and tomorrow hell be on the Rachel Ray Show, waterboarding veal cutlets.According to the book, George Bush claims that hes happy to be out of Washington. Well, that makes it unanimous.Are you thinking about buying the George W. Bush book? Its a big, thick book and it -- when are you in the bookstore, you can use it stand on and get a better book.President Barack Obama is traveling. He went to India, then I believe South Korea, then Japan. Hes going to keep traveling until he finds his birth certificate.George W. Bushs memoir is out today. And the guy is apparently quite candid, quite honest in the memoir. Its a big, big book. The problem is because of his economic policies, nobody can afford to buy the book.But the guy, the President, he is still quick, still very athletic. ... He proved today at a book signing that he can still duck a shoe.And in the book, Bush says that he lost respect for John McCain when he selected Sarah Palin as his running mate. This is coming from a guy whose running mate shot a buddy in the face.Sunday night...is the debut of the Sarah Palin show. ... its called Sarah Palins Alaska. And Sarah Palin takes you all around Alaska on the program. For example, she will show you where she waterboarded Levi Johnston.Somebody said to me, Did you hear that they are running on the Discovery Channel, or one of those things, the show with Sarah Palin? And I said, What happened? Did we run out of Kardashians?But no, seriously. In all truthfulness, its nice to see Sarah Palin finally getting some media attention.You know whos on the Sarah Palin show? John McCain makes an appearance. He wasnt scheduled, he just wandered through.But I think the name of the Sarah Palin show is Bleep My Ex-Governor Says.George W. Bush has a new memoir out and he was talking in an interview and he said that he thought that Sarah Palin was not qualified to be president. Well, isnt that the pot calling kettle black?And by the way, when does not being qualified to be president disqualify you from being president?Bush says now that he hardly ever leaves Texas. Former President Bush says he hardly ever leaves Texas. Hell, when he was president he hardly ever left Texas.Top Ten New Words of 2010: 9. Obamamess.Top Ten New Words of 2010: 1. Palincoherent.Sarah Palin...has her own weekly show now. Anybody ever been to Alaska? I always...wanted to go to Alaska. I dont think thats going to happen now.People are complaining about the excessive searches for airport security. ... You know youre having a bad day when your naked body scan shows up on you-tube.You have your choice now. An extensive body patdown or the naked scan on the thing. I think I speak for all of us when I say, hey, why cant we have both?Sarah Palin has her own television show on the Learning Channel. Its all about Alaska. It takes you on adventures from her point of view in Alaska. ... Producers are now saying that no endangered species are harmed. ... No endangered species, well, except for the Democrats.Sarah Palin says they do a lot of hunting. Do a lot of hiking. They do a lot of hiking. Do a lot of fishing. I wont be watching.President Obama, God bless him, hes so busy. He has a million things to do. Getting hammered every time he turns around. Still he writes a childrens book. Its entitled... How does he? And just in time for Christmas. Its called, How the Grinch Stole the Mid-Term Elections.Charlie Sheen went to the airport, was going through security, and they gave him the full body pat, and they patted him up, patted him down, turned him around, did it again, did it twice more, and when they were done, he said, Do you take American Express?Happy birthday to John Boehner, Representative John Boehner from Ohio, 61 years old today, John Boehner. And if you want to get him something for his birthday, well you cant go wrong with bronzer.Down in Texas, groundbreaking ceremonies for the George W. Bush center in Dallas. Ladies and gentlemen, thank God the comedy recession is over.Actually, the official name of the place is the George W. Bush Presidential Center and Go-Kart Track.Its part of the George W. Bush Presidential Center, part of a $250 million complex. And by the way, I believe this is the first time the words Bush and complex have been used in same sentence.At the airport, Theyll have either the complete body search where youre groped, or theyll put you through the naked body scan, airport security. And Im saying to myself well wait a minute, why cant we have both.Im all for it because if theres a guy walking around with a bomb, I want to know about that. So I dont mind the excessive, you know, the groping and the probing. My problem is when its done, I dont know how much to tip the guy.They opened the George W. Bush presidential library out there in Dallas. They broke the ground already out there on Monday. I know youre snickering already. The guy never read a book in his life but hes got a library. How does that happen?But Bush opening an library, thats like Kirsty Ally opening a can of Diet Coke.Sarah Palin says shes going to run for president in 2012. Donald Trump said hes going to run for president in 2012 against Sarah Palin. Nice to know there will somebody equally unqualified.Now that would be some presidential race. Youve got Donald Trump and Sarah Palin. The debates, get there early and get some seats down in the front for those debates. Youre fired, you betcha.There are going to be problems when Donald Trump runs. They had a lot of problems with Obama, you wait until Donald Trump runs because the rumor is already that thing on his head, the rumor now is that thing on his head was not born in this country.Vice President Joe Bidens birthday tomorrow -- 68 years old. ... President Obama was very excited and asked Joe if he would attend the party for him.Its the Friday before Thanksgiving and if youre not in line for the airport security right now, youre too late. ... Got to be in line now! Or youre not going anywhere.The Capitol Hill Christmas tree arrives this week. And as soon as it gets to Washington, it will die in committee.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Becoming A TSA Agent:Am I only doing this for the sweet...TSA uniform?If I find explosive underpants, may I keep them?Will I enjoy being cursed at 40 hours a week for minimum wage?If I find explosive underpants, may I keep them? Dammit! That was number eight. Who checks these things anyway?Should I practice by frisking people on the street?In five years, whose pants do I see my hands in?Do I really want to know what a fat guys thighs feel like?May I frisk myself?Whats the closest airport to Shakiras house?You know who is a big TV star is that Sarah Palin. ... Has a show all about Alaska. And last night, did you see the show? We learned on the program last night that the mysterious hatch has something to do with the Dharma Initiative.Sarah Palin has a new book, as does George W. Bush. ... You know who else has a new book? Snooki. Sarah Palin, George W. Bush, and Snooki. Im telling you, the Pulitzer Prize race is on. Here we go!Top Ten Signs The Taliban Leader Youre Negotiating With Is An Imposter:Agrees to peace settlement in exchange for a date with Kim Kardashian.Just doesnt seem very Talibanny.Got all of his terror plot ideas from Jackass 3D.You ask, Are you the Taliban leader? And he responds, Si.Raised in the mountainous regions of Aspen, Colorado.Looks suspiciously like cousin Sal from Jimmy Kimmel Live.Ends discussion with Death to America and the Jets for not covering the spread against Houston.Keeps quoting lines from They Call Me Baba Booey.Wants to bring peace to Pakistan, Afghanistan and Jenniferanistan.Top Ten Signs Your Neighbor Is The WikiLeaks Guy:Spends most of his free time burying stuff in the yard.He insists you speak directly into his necktie.More than once youve caught him crawling in your ventilation ducts.He told you about Jeters new contract at Thanksgiving.He insists you speak directly into his necktie -- that joke was already in the Top Ten. We really need someone checking these things.On recycling day, he puts out cans, bottles, and classified documents.His idea of small talk is Good morning and Want the coordinates of our secret military base in the Strait of Hormuz?Any time you talk to him, all he says is, I know. I know. I know...Gets drunk and takes a WikiLeak on your porch -- Hi-yooo!Oh, how about that WikiLeaks? ... They revealed now that China has tried to censor the Internet. Well, thats not the China I know.And listen to this WikiLeaks shocker ? apparently, Ricky Martin, gay.Over the weekend, President Obama went to Afghanistan, shook a few hands, and left after an hour. Its like me at Thanksgiving.Willie Nelson was arrested for possession of marijuana. Wait until he finds out.We got Willie Nelson. Nothing yet on bin Laden, but we got Willie Nelson.Top Ten Signs Youre Having A Bad Holiday Season: 7. You keep getting frisked by TSA agents and youre not even at the airport!Top Ten Signs Youre Having A Bad Holiday Season: 3. Your job title is President of the United States.Cold down there in Washington, DC, so cold that John Boehner...turned from orange to blue.President Obama has extended the Bush-era tax cuts. Good idea. Lets extend the policies of a man who gave us the greatest recession in the history of the planet.Obamas already getting ready for the 2012 campaign: Yes we didnt!And now, there is infighting among the Democrats. Today, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi reopened that cut on Obamas lip.So its Bush tax cuts for two more years and then it will be up to the President Palin.Palin...has a show, and on last weeks episode, she shot and killed a reindeer. ... And that was her Christmas special.Took her three shots...to kill the reindeer. ... Shes a little rusty. I mean, she hasnt, you know -- well, the last thing she brought down was John McCain.This year, Santa is one reindeer short. ... Thanks a lot, Sarah Palin. Boom, boom!President Obama says...continuing the tax cuts will allow Americans to keep more of their paychecks. ... When Americans heard this, they said, Paychecks? What paychecks?Top Ten Least Popular Holiday Television Specials: 7. Its a Wonderful Life For Rich People Thanks To Republicans.Top Ten Least Popular Holiday Television Specials: 5. How the Grinch Stole Obamas Birth Certificate.You all know Barbara Walters, right? Last night she had one of those specials. It was the...Most Fascinating People of 2010. I was on the list, right between that Koran-burning guy in Florida, and the WikiLeaks guy.Mayor Bloomberg...said he is not going to run for president. ... Because, of course, he was born in Kenya.Im watching a press conference and all of a sudden there is President Obama and then the next thing I know, theres Bill Clinton, who speaks for an hour. And Im thinking, wait a minute, I remember when Obama was president.Do you know anything about this John Boehner, who is going to be the new Speaker of the House? ... Heres all I know about him. ... For a long time, he was orange. They thought he had scurvy or something.Then they had an interview with him on 60 Minutes, with Lesley Stahl. Did you see that on Sunday? Very emotional guy. I think in this day and age in politics you have to be an emotional guy. But come on. Boehner will break down and sob just at the drop of a hat. As a matter of fact, Lesley Stahl dropped her hat, and he started crying.Top Ten Questions Time Magazine Asks Before Selecting Someone As Person Of The Year: 8. Your name isnt Gosselin or Hasselhoff or Palin, is it?The United States government has launched a secret investigation of WikiLeaks. Unfortunately, WikiLeaks leaked it.Julian Assange was arrested and now hes out on bail. And today -- this guy is unstoppable -- he leaked the Colonels secret recipe of 11 herbs and spices.Top Ten Things Overheard During Larry Kings Final Show: 10. Would someone please wake Larry? 9. Osama, from the mountainous regions of Pakistan, youre on the air, hello? 8. I thought he retired years ago. 7. Seriously, whos gonna wake Larry? 6. I hope the show enjoys continued success under its new host, whats-his-name. 5. Thank you, Larry, from all of us at the National Association of Suspenders. 4. Well be right back after this message from Poligrip. 3. Palm Beach Retirement Village, hello! 2. Regis is singing! Go to commercial! Quick! 1. Whos gonna tell Larry its his final show?Top Ten Signs Your Mall Santa Is Overworked: 8. Constantly breaks down sobbing like John Boehner.I dont know if you heard the news, but to stimulate the economy, earlier today, Congress announced they were legalizing a second Christmas.Top Ten New York Giants Excuses: 7. Just one more failure of the Obama Administration.Top Ten New York Giants Excuses: 2. That WikiLeaks dude leaked our defensive playbook.The WikiLeaks guy is under house arrest at a 600 acre English estate. By God, that will teach him. That will teach that guy a lesson.Hes on a strict curfew because if theres anything a guy who leaks secret government documents respects, its a curfew.Dont kid yourself about the economy. Heres how busy and how crazy and crowded it was at the mall over the weekend. ... I actually saw a customer in...Radio Shack.Well, hey, how about this? Congress repealed...Dont Ask, Dont Tell. ... The Pentagon can now start production on Iraq, The Musical.John McCain was opposed to repeal of Dont Ask, Dont Tell, although he admitted that he probably has served with gay soldiers in the Civil War.Former president Jimmy Carter said the US is ready for gay president. ... Barbara Walters immediately asked him if he was a lesbian.Top Ten Surprises Found In The 2010 Census: 9. Population has grown 9.7%; populations waist size has grown by 42%.Top Ten Surprises Found In The 2010 Census: 3. Osama bin Laden owns a specialty cheese shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn.How about that Sarah Palin? ... Shes angry because...First Lady Michelle Obama is suggesting that the parents try to encourage their kids to eat healthy. ... Palin believes that the government shouldnt tell us what to do. ... Palin believes if we have healthy children...the terrorists have won.Enjoying the holidays? ... Everybody does the re-gifting, including President Obama, who has re-gifted the Bush tax cuts.This guy -- think about it -- President Obama is on fire. Hes got the tax cut deal, Dont Ask, Dont Tell, the arms treaty. Im telling you this guy could be the most successful one-term president in history.They signed the repeal of...Dont Ask, Dont Tell today. And you know what that means? ... Better parades.I thought this was fascinating. ... Donald Trump is flying JetBlue. ...Hard to imagine. ... You know what that is like? Its like trying to imagine Sarah Palin flying on Air Force One. You cant.Sarah Palin, though, has got the Christmas spirit. Today, she shot a partridge in a peer tree.Over New Years, down in Arkansas, birds fell out of the sky. ... Just dead. ... Nice goin, Palin.Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from Iran is selling his car. It is a 1977 Peugeot. ... I thought...1977 -- that is an old, old car, isnt it? But he claims it still has that new dictator smell, and that he...only drove it to and from executions.Congratulations to Jerry Brown, new governor of California. ... Arnold Schwarzenegger, the outgoing governor, is being relocated to a primate sanctuary in Florida.Congratulations to Elton John. He and his partner have a new baby. I remember that two years ago, I said...the Republicans will take control of the House again when Elton John has an Elton John Jr. I said that.In Arkansas recently, thousands of birds just fall dead, right out of the sky. Just bang. Just like a thousand birds, dead right there. Where was Obama? Huh? Vacationing in Hawaii. Thats where he was. Come on!Top Ten Things Overheard During The Republicans First Day In Charge Of The House:How do we blame this dead bird thing on Obama?I think he was just sworn in on a copy of Snookis new book.Beer me!Alright, youve had six hours, is the economy fixed?Speaker Boehner, please stop blowing your nose.When is vacation?No, Senator McCain, Woodrow Wilson doesnt work here anymore.When do we get to have sex with the pages?How soon can we go back to invading countries for oil?We all know what happened today in Washington. New Republicans in the House of Representatives. ... As a matter of fact, today, John Boehner became the first orange Speaker of the House weve ever had.Theyre going to undo everything Obama did. Today, Boehner told the Obama kids the dog had to go back.Have you seen the new Speaker of the House, John Boehner? ... He looks like one of those guys that licks his thumb when hes counting money.And heres a guy, by the way, who has a lot of trouble controlling his emotions. John Boehner will cry. If he has to wait for an elevator, hell break down and sob.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About John Boehner: 10. His biggest corporate sponsor: Kleenex.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About John Boehner: 7. Born in Kenya.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About John Boehner: 5. Uses the same tanning salon as Snooki.Top Ten Little-Known Facts About John Boehner: Second in line to the presidency; first in line at SuperCuts.Before we begin tonight, Ill be reading the Constitution.You know what the Republicans are doing now that theyre in office? Theyre going to undo what the Obama Administration has done. That is the plan. Earlier today, they told Michelle Obama, they told the Presidents wife, the vegetable garden, got to go. Take your vegetables and plant them somewhere else!And how about the new Speaker of the House, John Boehner? ... Doesnt he look like every guy youve ever seen in a hotel bar?New blockbuster movie coming out. ... Its called Season of the Witch and it takes place in Europe during the Black Plague. Well...theres entertainment. Where do I get a ticket? You cant get enough of that Black Plague stuff.Top Ten Reasons To Buy The New Snooki Book (Editors note: List was read by Snooki): 4. If everybody buys my book, the economy will be fixed.The Seattle Seahawks are the first NFL team to get into the playoffs with a losing record. Its like 2004, when Bush was re-elected.You know who is going to run for president? ... Donald Trump, who says the United States no longer gets any respect. ... I tell you something. A great way for the United States to get respect is to elect a guy president who has got a possum pelt on his head.It has snowed in 49 states, but not in Florida, which is still waiting on the results from Broward County.Have you ever been in a blizzard? ... Three hours of howling wind, which is like Rush Limbaughs radio show.The reason I bring up Rush Limbaugh is that today is his birthday. ... Sixty years old today. Just what he needs, more cake.They have a great celebration for Rushs birthday. They bring out the pi?ata full of prescription painkillers.Oh, how about this? Getting off an airplane, Hillary Clinton tripped and fell and maybe broke some bones. So just to be precautionary, they took her to the emergency room and wrapped her up in a full-body pantsuit. Top Ten Signs Youre Not Going To Win The Miss America Pageant: 2. You take stage like Hillary Clinton boards an airplane.Hillary Clinton, you know, shes the Secretary of State and she flies all around the world. ... And she was getting on a plane and she tripped and fell while she was boarding it. The plane is called Pantsuit One.Hey, news, ladies and gentlemen, from the world of anthropology, youre to the going to believe this: humans started wearing clothes 170,000 years ago. 170,000 years ago. In fact, I believe it was 170,000 years ago today. ... But over the millennia, clothing has changed and evolved, and heres where we stand today. Take a look at this. The President was shown wearing a polo, shorts, and sandals.Top Ten Ways To Mispronounce Reince Priebus:Rented Prius.Prell cream rinse.Darrelle Revis.Justin Bieberbus.Rented Prius -- now, wait a minute, we already did that. How does this happen?SpongeReince PrieberPants.France hates us.Rice pilaf.Ryan Priebcrest.It is cold down in Washington, DC. They had to use an ice scraper on John Boehners face to get the tears off, it was so cold.You remember a guy named Dick Cheney? He was Vice President, Dick Cheney, with George W. Bush. And he predicts now that President Obama will a one-term president. ... This coming from a guy who predicted weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Same guy.Hey, you know whos down there in Washington? President of China, President Hu, is visiting the US. And the guy says if he likes what he sees, he may put down a deposit.Dick Cheney says that he may one day need a heart transplant. And as a matter of fact, yesterday, Cheney invited a young couple to spend the night with him at his castle. And then he told them the bridge was out.Top Ten Ways President Obama Celebrated His Two-Year Anniversary In Office:Romantic dinner with his favorite teleprompter.Loaded staffers on a party bus and drove to Pittsburgh.Surprised Joe Biden with an open heart necklace from Kay Jewelers.Watched Miss Arkansas and her dummies on Dave.Went on one of those staged Im a regular guy burger runs.Climbed into a hot bubble bath and read Snookis book.Pardoned Brett Favre.Same way President Bush celebrated two years in office: Invaded Iraq.Began his campaign to replace Regis.Dick Cheney may need a heart transplant. And by the way, the $2 billion contract for that transplant has already gone to Halliburton.Here in New York City, they arrested a...mobster who is 93 years old. ... Nothing yet on Osama bin Laden, but...we got this 93-year-old gangster.Happy Birthday to Dick Cheney, who I think is now 70 years old. ... Dick celebrated by shooting a cake.They had a party at Dick Cheneys house, and he invited 12 people to his birthday party up at his house. And at midnight, he told them, he said, Only 11 of you will be leaving here with a heart.Two million people in the streets all around Egypt demanding that Hosni Mubarak step down. Its the angriest mob Ive seen since that fired Dave rally about a year ago.Now, the Egyptian crowds that are rioting, they have turned against the United States. Boy, didnt see that coming.The good news is Hosni Mubarak may step down. The bad news is hes going to be replaced by his idiot son, Hosni W. Mubarak.President Mubarak says he will not seek another rigged election.Mubarak plans to leave office...and then retire to his ranch in Crawford, Texas.Top Ten Reasons Its Fun To Be Justin Bieber (Editors note: List was read by Bieber.): 9. Im briefed each morning by the CIA.Top Ten Signs Youre Watching A Bad Cable Channel: 7. Tonights news topic of discussion: Ejipt.Did you hear about the Super Bowl? People are talking about Christina Aguileras singing problems. And today, the Republicans demanded to see her birth certificate.Top Ten Signs Lindsay Lohan Is Out Of Control: 7. Hosni Mubarak wants to hire her for his goon squad.Top Ten Hosni Mubarak Future Plans:Gonna look for a place in the Poconos.Check classifieds for job openings under Ruthless Dictator.Wander around the Sahara desert with his metal detector.Heard The Office needs a new boss to replace Steve Carell.Golf with Osama.Do some freestyle pickin.Watch Snooki on Dave. Its gonna be sick!Hoping his intolerance and thuggish behavior will land him a job at Fox News.Launching pop career under the name Hustin Mubieber.On this date in 2006, Dick Cheney took his buddy hunting. Remember that? Took his buddy hunting and said, Hey, Larry, I think theres something over there. And then, ba-boom!Talk about time. I mean, that was five heart attacks ago.But they say that Dick Cheney, in spite of all his heart problems and being an older fellow, has not mellowed. As a matter of fact, I heard a report earlier today that he punched Naomi Campbells assistant.Top Ten Highlights Of Kim Jong-Ils Birthday Celebration:Wings and video games at the Pyongyang Dave & Busters.Reunited Kim Jong-Il with his three sons Robbie, Chip and Ernie Jong-Il.The birthday phone call from Dick Cheney.Hes flying everyone in the country to Australia.Free breakfast from CAA in the 11th floor conference room.Kim Jong-Il unveiled a brand new pair of oversized ladies sunglasses.Rousing rendition of Happy Birthday performed by starving dissidents held at gunpoint.Carvel cake in shape of...torture box.Special Top Ten list presented by Lindsay Lohan.Happy birthday to Kim Jong Il, evil dictator. Everyone was at his party, even his lovely niece, Kim Jong Dashian.Presidents Day. You know the story about President Lincoln -- supposedly true -- that he once walked three miles...when he was a young man to repay a penny. ... That makes him the last president to do anything about the debt.Crisis in Libya. ... They want Moammar Gadhafi to step down. People rioting in the streets. Boy, I didnt see that coming.So they want Moammar Gadhafi to leave but the problem is he will be replaced by his idiot son, Moammar W. Gadhafi.Boy, I mean -- dictatorships can could tumble in Libya, Yemen, Algeria, Wisconsin.Im worried about Wisconsin. If Governor Walker actually is driven out of power, there will be a vacuum and it could be filled by the Muslim Brotherhood.Top Ten Surprises In Gadhafis Address:Ran down the various spellings of his name.Delivered entire speech in hilarious Gadhafi duck voice.Tearful shout-out to his good friend, Jack LaLanne.Referred to himself as a mamma grizzly.Will leave early to do some freestyle pickin.Had some tough but fair straight-talk for Lindsay Lohan.Rushed things along so he wouldnt miss tonights all new episode of Glee. Who knew he was a gleek?Listed his favorite Kardashians from hottest to nottest.Even he cant believe how much the Knicks gave for Carmelo.Top Ten Ways To Mispronounce Muammar Qaddafi:Milli Vanilli.Grande No-foam Latte.Live! With Regis And Kelly.Lady Qaqa.Mumizzle Qaddizzle.Mouthful Of Taffy.Kathy Mavrikakis.Qadaffi Duck.Qarmelo Anthony.What is the deal with Muammar Qaddafi? .... They say Moammar is an aging hypochondriac and he is afraid of flying over water, and he loves flamenco dancing. Im telling you, ladies and gentlemen, its like I have a twin.Rush Limbaugh, apparently, on one of his broadcasts, referred to...First Lady Michelle Obama as fat, which raises the question -- does the Nobel Prize committee give an award for irony?Congratulations to former presidential aide Rahm Emanuel, new mayor of Chicago, ladies and gentlemen. Its official. Yesterday, he was appointed by Oprah.Politics not easy in Chicago. They elected Emanuel yesterday. Today, they demanded to see his birth certificate.Earlier tonight, Moammar Qaddafi gave another speech. Everybody in Libya set their Betamax.In his speech, Qaddafi said that he blames Osama bin Laden for all of the trouble in Libya. ... Its going to be awkward when these two guys meet in hell.Top Ten Surprises In Moammar Qaddafis First United States Interview:Asked for Lady Gagas cell number.Condemned the Academy for not giving Bets Actor Oscar to Jesse Eisenberg.Wanted to plug his latest project, Big Moammars House.Left early to attend Justin Biebers 17th birthday party.Kept stopping to phone Mike Francesca at WFAN.Explained how to do a hassle-free home perm.The freestyle rapping.Livid he wasnt chosen for next season of Dancing with the Stars.Claimed to be a rock star from Mars riding a mercury surfboard.You know whos starting to seem a little crazy to me is Moammar Qaddafi. ... Hes been acting so crazy today, the TV network over there, Al Jazeera, canceled his show Two and a Half Shiites.But...you can tell that Qaddafi is crazy because he says his people still love him. ... I think thats what he said. Its hard to hear over the rebel gunfire, but I think thats what he said.But...Qaddafi was on TV yesterday. And he blamed al Qaeda...for the trouble in Libya. He threatened more bloodshed and then he also -- I thought this was nice -- he congratulated Natalie Portman.There are reports that Moammar Qaddafis son plagiarized his doctoral thesis. Boy, you think you know somebody.Oh, and by the way, the UN is now imposing a no-fly zone over Libya. ... Hey, forget Libya. How about a no-fly zone over the Hello Deli out there?How about that al Qaeda? ... Theyre publishing a new magazine for women. Isnt that crazy? They already have one for men. ... Its called Car Bomb and Driver.Top Ten Reasons To Buy The iPad 2:Apple will sell it to you for $100 if you tell em Dave sent you.So thin you can use it to chop vegetables!Comes with a camera on the front, one on the back, and one in the neighbors shower.This is off topic, but who buys tickets to see a live Charlie Sheen show?New app which makes any room smell like biscuits.No number 4 -- writer still in line for an iPad 2.Isnt it about time you did something for you?Instead of a touch screen, it has a lick screen.In this economy, who doesnt have 600 bucks to throw around?The Pentagon says that well be out of Libya in a couple of weeks. Well, thats good enough for me!Let me translate that for you: Ten year quagmire.Theyre calling it Operation Odyssey Dawn. Odyssey Dawn. I believe its the first military operation named for a stripper.Weve got a war going in Iraq. Were in that one. War going in Afghanistan. We got a war going in Libya. You need a bracket to keep track of this stuff. ... I think in the final game, it will be Butler.Top Ten Signs Youre Dumb: 1. Often begin sentences with, Glenn Beck said something fascinating...Theres wars in Iraq, Afghanistan and now Libya. ... Youve heard the expression theater of war? This is a multiplex.And theyre calling this war in Libya Odyssey Dawn. ... And I was thinking, ooh, I know her. Thats a different story.Donald Trump says hes running for president. If he wins, he will need to find a Cabinet position for that thing on his head.Top Ten Bronx Zoo Excuses For Poisonous Snake Escape: 7. It was al Qaeda.Top Ten Bronx Zoo Excuses For Poisonous Snake Escape: 2. We sent the snake to take out Qaddafi. Youll thank us later!Tough times for the world. ... Well tonight, to make us all feel better, President Obama will be addressing a skeptical nation. ... And I said, Yeah? Well try doing it five nights a week, buddy!Obama will be talking about...one of the many wars were currently involved in. Hell be talking about Libya. And also, he will be talking about why he picked Kansas.So far, the operation in Libya has cost the United States a billion dollars. ... Thats...Tiger Woods money.Top Ten Signs Youre At A Bad Political Fundraising Dinner:Held at a Fuddruckers in Parsippany, New Jersey.All money raised supports Qaddafi 2012.President Obama doesnt attend ? hes in the audience at Letterman.Dinner interrupted by screams of, Anyone seen a cobra!?You spend the evening heimliching Mike Huckabee.By the end of the night, theyve raised nine bucks and a Meineke coupon.Its just you and Henry Kissinger in a hot tub.Republicans demand proof the pineapple chicken is really from Hawaii.Master of ceremonies? Regis.Turning our attention to Libya. Rebels are approaching Moammar Qaddafis hometown of Sirte. Thats where hes planning on building his presidential library and retiring with his wife, Laura.Top Ten Ways Muammar Qaddafi Can Improve His Image:Capture and return the Bronx Zoo cobra .Release hit novelty song Muammar Said Thered Be Days Like This.Promote himself from colonel to general.Bring back the Ukrainian nurse!Share hairstyling tips for getting that coveted Philip Michael Thomas look.Replace Gilbert Gottfried as Aflac duck.Just for fun, throw in some more Qs.Go on tour with Hosni Mubarak as the Original Dictators of Comedy.Die.How about that Moammar Qaddafi? First of all, dont you think the problem is the guys name is Moammar?I said the same thing about Egypt. The real problem was the guys name is Hosni.But dont feel too bad about Moammar. ... He has...144 tons of gold. ... Only one person alive today has stolen that much gold -- Lindsay Lohan.Dennys is offering a dessert special which is a chocolate sundae topped with smoked bacon bits. ... Its all part of Michelle Obamas healthy eating program.There is a lot of trouble in Libya, because they got a guy named Moammar running the place.The CIA is now arming the Libyan rebels, which means that in ten years, well be fighting them.Top Ten Titles For The HBO Dick Cheney Mini-Series: 10. From Sneer To Eternity. 9. Dial M For Medic. 8. The Fat, The Bald, And The Ugly. 7. Clear! 6. Mr. Cheney Goes To Washington And Everything Goes To Hell. 5. Do The Wrong Thing. 4. Lord Of The Onion Rings (You know, because hes fat). 3. How I Waterboarded Your Mother. 1. Lawrence Of Arrhythmia.I made a lot of jokes about Donald Trump running for president. ... But in all seriousness, Im going to be making a lot more.Trump is now saying that he doesnt think President Obama has a birth certificate. ... And I say, Don, Don. How about showing me the birth certificate for that thing on your head!They may have to shut down the government because of...no budget. Thats crazy, isnt it? ... I mean, this is serious. We may have to suspend all three of these wars.Youll know...the government has officially closed when John Boehners face goes from orange to red.Top Ten President Obama Campaign Promises For 2012:Keep unemployment below 75%.Fight three wars and the fourth one is free.Replace space shuttle with footage of comedian Don Rickles firing a rocket.Get fat like the rest of America.Send troops to quell feud between Meat Loaf and Gary Busey.Fortune cookies actually tell fortunes. No more of this lucky numbers crap.Less talk, more rock.Pardon Lindsay Lohan.Go back to being that cool smoker everyone fell in love with.Over the weekend, President Obama announced that he was running for a second term as President of the United States. Theres a brand new campaign slogan ? Give me four more years to find my birth certificate.Beautiful day down there in Washington today. It was so nice, in fact, that President Obama was fanning himself with his birth certificate.Well, the government didnt shut down. .... So Americans are getting exactly what they want -- slashing of Medicare and Social Security. Winning!Insiders are saying that Donald Trump is running for president as a publicity stunt. Hey! Whoa! Hold it! Hey! Hey! Hold it right there. Thats not the Donald Trump I know.You know whos running for president? Donald Trump, who wants to see Barack Obamas birth certificate. ... I said, Yeah, well show you his birth certificate when you show us the license for that thing on your head.Hey, do we have any Egyptians in the crowd tonight? ... Hosni Mubarak was arrested near the Red Sea. They found him in hiding with his two sons, Hosni W. and Jeb.And they were interrogating Hosni Mubarak, and he had a heart attack. ... There is nothing more stressful than being an out-of-work dictator.In a week or so, the White House will have its annual Easter egg hunt out there on the White House lawn. ... This year, the kids will be looking for the Presidents birth certificate.Well, its the end of an era for the United States space program, NASA, and space exploration. ... They are retiring the space shuttles. There are four of them and theyre giving away shuttles. And I thought great, now that gas is $5 a gallon, theyre giving away shuttles. Great!Heres all you need to know about taxes ? theyve extended deadline to April 18th. ... And, also, when youre writing your check, just make it out to China. Thatll be good.And according to one study, the average refund that Americans get when they file their income tax is $3,000. Or about a tank of gas.True story. Muammar Qaddafis favorite meal? Camel and spaghetti.Donald Trump is screaming and yelling about Barack Obamas birth certificate. ... What about a birth certificate for the thing Trumps head? I mean, come on!Top Ten Apple Excuses For Secretly Tracking Users Through Their iPhones: 5. Maybe you should be asking why Obama wont show his birth certificate. (This joke is sponsored by Trump for President 2012.)How about that WikiLeaks? ... They now have information about all of those people...incarcerated in Guantanamo Bay. ... Many of them charged with terrorism and conspiracy. One actually is down there for shoplifting a necklace, while another prisoner claims to have tiger blood and Adonis DNA.Every year on the Monday following Easter, they have an Easter Egg hunt on the White House lawn. This year, they had a guy in a bunny suit. And I thought, well, who says Joe Biden doesnt do anything?Excited about the royal wedding? ... Some people not invited to the wedding. Gordon Brown not invited to the wedding. Tony Blair not invited to the wedding. Also not invited but going anyway, the Salahis.Fifty percent of Americans polled recently say that they believe Donald Trump would make a lousy president. Seriously? They had to waste time and money on that poll?Half the people said hed make a lousy president. I thought, well, never stopped us before.Trump, though, is nothing but confident. He is very confident, and hes already telling people hes going to get the Republican nomination. So now, he is busy...picking out a ditzy running mate.Very early on, presidential candidates are assigned Secret Service coverage. Did you know this? Even if youre a candidate, you get...Secret Service coverage and they give you a code name that they can use when theyre talking into their cufflinks. And the code name for Donald Trump is squirrel pelt.Theres a prison in Afghanistan and the Afghanistan chief of police was in charge of the prison and they had a bunch of Taliban guys and everybody gets up this morning and 500 of the Taliban prisoners are gone. They loaded up and left the prison inside a laundry camel.Top Ten Surprises On Barack Obamas Birth Certificate:Parents crossed out original choice for first name, Gary.Is a triplet, born with sisters Mary-Kate and Ashley Obama.Also released as an audio book read by John Lithgow.Its covered in poi stains.Claims hes a baby when Obama is clearly an adult. Its a forgery!Under conspiracy?, they checked no.Document notarized by Magnum P.I.Note reads to be released only at the request of crazy-haired blowhard billionaires.Fine print at bottom: not an actual birth certificate.In Washington, it was a beautiful lovely sunny spring day today. It was so nice down in Washington that President Obama was out on the White House lawn, making a kite out of his birth certificate.So...now that we found the Presidents birth certificate, its on to bin Laden. Here we go!Its interesting because when you look at Obamas birth certificate, you see that his full name...is Barack, which we knew, Hussein Cougar Obama.No wait, we need to look again. It actually reads Barack Hussein Obamawitz. ... Isnt that crazy?Hey, how about that Donald Trump? ... Hes in New Hampshire, testing the waters to see if the country is ready for a loud mouth oaf.According to recent polls, 50% of Americans think Donald Trump would make a terrible president. ... The other 50% think he would make an awful president.Donald Trump now says hes proud of himself for getting Barack Obama to reveal his birth certificate. Winning, hello!Yesterday, Trump was in New Hampshire, you know, where they have the presidential...primaries. And he was testing the waters up there, to see if the country is ready for a buffoon.Trump said hell announce whether hes running for president or not on the final episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Hell be surrounded by other political heavyweights -- Gary Busey, La Toya Jackson, and Meat Loaf.Its not unusual for a candidate to announce their candidacy on a television program. Remember George W. Bush announced that he was going to run when he was on Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? Remember that?You know the Celebrity Apprentice show. ... Donald Trump is saying hes putting that show on hold until the election. So...something good has already come out of his election-related activities.But Trump says if hes elected president, he will be making the United States sign a prenup.Former President Bill Clinton was at the royal wedding, which explains the tightened security around the bridesmaids.Top Ten Final Words Of Osama Bin Laden:See, this is why I normally dont answer the door.The one time I give my bodyguards the day off to go to the zoo...What on earth could be interrupting Celebrity Apprentice?I hear Brian Williams is on Dave to discuss my imminent demise.At least Ill be reunited with my dear departed friend Jack LaLanne.Im not sure I want to live in a world where Fast Five is the number one movie.Any man with multiple wives welcomes death. Am I right, fellas?I need a house full of Navy SEALs like I need a hole in the head.Oh, crap!You folks seem like youre in a good mood. Did something happen?You folks enjoy the Osama bin Laden season finale?Well, we finally killed bin Laden. Boy, that didnt take long.The CIA, these guys know what they are doing. They got into the compound. They had a guy posing as the Dominos kid.How about those Navy SEALs? ... Were getting our moneys worth out of those guys, arent we? They jump out of a helicopter and they break into bin Ladens compound and they fire a warning shot in his head.There has already been some trouble for Osama bin Laden in the afterlife. It is the kind of mix-up that happens all the time. Just a paperwork kind of a deal. He was greeted by 72 vegans.The good news is bin Laden lived long enough to see the royal wedding.Top Ten Things Overhead As President Obama And Top Members Of His Administration Watched The Osama Bin Laden Raid:Are we shooting this in the studio where we faked the moon landing?Someone run to the store and get daddy a pack of smokes.Hit pause, I gotta take a leak?These vibrating chairs are the best money we ever spent.Biden, wake up!Mind if we switch over to the Celtics game for a second?We should totally post this on YouTube.Seriously, Joe, wake up!I just wish Dick Cheney were alive to see this.How about that Osama bin Laden? Everybodys still talking about that. ... I got together today with a group of clergymen and they told me that just about now he should be arriving in hell. And I said, Really. They said, Yeah, but its a dry heat.Bin Laden had been living in a private compound with all of his wives for the last six years. So he did suffer.Well, the Republicans were so pleased by the Osama bin Laden raid that today, they granted President Obama full citizenship.Top Ten Good Things About Having Osama bin Laden As A Neighbor:No one gave better hugs.Did shirtless Tai Chi in the yard ? youre welcome, ladies!He did a lot of volunteer work at the JCC.Very quiet, except on rare occasions when Navy SEALs would raid his house and kill him.Having a celebrity in the neighborhood is always good for property values..Olympic-sized camel-shaped pool.The adorable way hed shout Death to weeds! when mowing the lawn.At barbecues he made his famous Fatwa Franks.You were never the biggest ******* in the neighborhood.There are people now that believe Osama bin Laden has been dead for years and that the whole raid was staged after Obama released his birth certificate. People believe that, and by people, I of course mean patients.Cinco de Mayo. The Mexicans celebrate Cinco de Mayo, and the Americans celebrate Uno de Mayo, Uno de Mayo. Thats the day we got Bin Laden.But how about those Navy SEALs? I mean are, we getting our moneys worth there? Everything in life is so simple. These people said that their mission was successful because they held two rehearsals. And I was thinking, well, maybe we should do that here.They found Osama Bin Laden in a mansion that had no cable, no internet service. Honestly, nine years they think he lived there nine years, waiting for Time Warner to show up is what it was. When are you coming? Can somebody ? About those Navy SEALs. Were getting our moneys worth with those guys, huh? And they got a lot of what they call intel. They have a lot of videodiscs, a lot of DVDs, videotapes. Now they are sorting through them and there is one, you have probably seen it now. Osama bin Laden, sitting on the floor in what looks like a smallish room. Hes got a blanket over his shoulders and hes playing with the remote. And he appears to be watching videos of himself on TV. And...no, wait a minute, thats me. For Gods sakes, thats what I do. I have a twin.He had been living in the compound cooped up with all of his wives for five years. When the Navy SEALs came in he said, Just shoot me, just shoot me, just shoot me.And I got a call from Indian Point, I dont know if you folks are aware Im boycotting Indian Point. Im so dumb, I thought it was a casino but its not. Its a nuclear power plant up the Hudson. And when that thing goes, good night, everybody. So any time I detect electricity coming into my home in Indian Point, I boycott it. And then I get an extension cord and run it from another neighbor. And then this is, shows you what kiss-ups these people are. They dont want trouble, from even me, even a little worm like me. ... So they send me an invitation, would you like to come for a tour to Indian Point. Hey, I dont think so. Built on two faults? Right there on the river, the prize terrorist target in the world. Hey, come up for brunch. No, no, Im not coming up for brunch. ... Thats all I need is people in Indian Point sleeper cells and then the next thing you know...Former president, rather governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger and his wife Maria Shriver are separating. Probably getting a divorce. Shell get the house in Malibu and Arnold will be moving back to Skull Island.You know, they gave it a shot and God bless them but thats what happens when you marry outside your species. But Arnolds being a guy about it, he said, Ill be back -- for my things.Newt Gingrich. The Newt is running for president. He announced he was running on Twitter and Facebook and I believe his concession speech will be on YouTube. So he is hooked up and ready to go.Were learning more and more about Osama bin Laden. As a matter of fact, do we have the picture of the compound? This was crazy. Youre telling me now that the people in Abbottabad, anybody here from Abbottabad? Oh, yeah, the horns guys grew up working clubs in Abbottabad. But, hey, the biggest house in the neighborhood and youre telling me, well, heres the picture of... No, thats Jeters place. Put it down, forget it.Top Ten Questions on the Application to Replace Osama bin Laden:Can you work weekends?Are you just doing this for the sweet eight-inch picture tube television?How do your co-terrorists describe you?What is the current bounty on your head?Any ideas for a new catchphrase? Death to America is kind of played.Would you require use of the company llama?How often do you de-louse your beard?Were you bar-mitzvahed?What are your long term goals besides not getting killed by Navy SEALs?Turns out he was kind of a [bleep.]Learning more and more about Osama Bin Laden, his objective was he wanted to create political chaos in Washington DC. Well, thank God that never happened.Various reactions when we heard that Osama Bin Laden had been killed. My first reaction, I dont know why, when I heard the news I said, Oh, jeez, great Now what is Oprah going to do for her last guest?I want to tell you something, these Navy SEALs, were getting our moneys worth out of the Navy SEALs arent we? ... They had a backup plan, the Navy SEALs had a backup plan. These guys are belt and suspenders. Nothing gets by these guys. If the invading of the compound didnt work they had a backup plan. Here is what they were going to do. They were going to invite Bin Laden to an Italian restaurant and they were going to have a gun taped to a toilet.They found in the compound a copy of a diary that Osama Bin Laden would keep. And a buddy of mine from the State Department, Bob called today and he said, Im going to send you some of the entries in the diary and I think you will be able to have some fun with them. Here now is an entry from the Osama dated April 12th. Dear Diary, very unhappy with TV reception. Death to Time Warner. Thats one. April 20, Dear Diary, three wives, one bathroom, you do the math. This is the final entry in the Osama Bin Laden diary, May 1st, listen to this. Dear Diary, cant talk now, someones at the door. Hope its the Dominos guy.Well, Newt Gingrich announced hes running for President, ladies and gentlemen. There you go. Can you feel the heat coming off this guy? Yeah, this could be the political story of the year. 1996!Top 10 Surprises in the Osama Bin Laden Diary: 10 Always dotted the i in jihad with a smiley face.Top Ten Rejected Prom Themes: 10. Moon Over Abbottabad.Top Ten Rejected Prom Themes: 8. Gingrich 2012.Donald Trump...announced today he wasnt running for president. What?! The whole thing was a publicity stunt?!Trump says he cant run, because he wants to spend more time bullying obscure celebrities.Newt Gingrich is running. ... He looks familiar to me. He looks like guys in the paint department from Ace Hardware.Newt looks like the guy who gives you your drivers test.Ladies and gentlemen, hate to be the guy, and Im sorry about this, but we have hit, the United States of America, has hit the debt ceiling. You know what that means? Neither do I.I do think it would be a good idea for us all to start learning to speak Chinese. Thats what I think.Senator John Kerry, by the way, is in Pakistan right now. Because theres been a rift between the United States and Pakistan, because the Pakistanis are saying...to the United States, Dont do that again. And weve pretty much said, All right, fine. Bin Laden is dead. Were not going to do it again.But John Kerry is in Pakistan, and he is sending a strong message to the government and the people of Pakistan. And that message is, We think this situation is important enough to send John Kerry.John Kerry gets off the plane there in...Islamabad. ... Everybody kept coming up to him, saying, Hey, John, why the long face?Al Qaeda now looking for a new guy to replace Osama bin Laden. Theyre talking about Ashton Kutcher.They wanted somebody less controversial than Charlie Sheen, but the head of the International Monetary Fund was busy. So he...cant do it.Donald Trumps not running for president. This could be the beginning of another comedy recession.Im disappointed Donald Trumps not running for president. I was really looking forward to not voting for him.Bad news for the Republicans, Donald Trump is not running for President, not running for President. What? The whole thing was a publicity stunt? What? Really? I wouldnt worry about Donald. Hes already got another project going. I mean, this guys got stuff coming and going. Forget the Presidency look what hes working on now. There it is. Its Trump Abbottabad. Badda-Bing Abbottabad.Heres a fascinating news. Al Qaeda has a new leader, and experts are calling him a temporary leader, and so is SEAL Team 6. His name is Saif El Adele. He worked his way up from the mail bomb room.How about this, Dick Cheney, you all know Dick Kaboom Cheney. Hes just published a memoir, stories of his life, Dick Cheney and its in its third printing already. The first two were peppered with buck shot.Cheney is a tremendous storyteller. Hes especially good at fiction. Do you remember the story he used to tell us about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq? Hes the best. He really, really is the best.A lot of surprises in the Dick Cheney book. You think you know a guy for eight years as Vice President. A lot of surprises. For example, did you realize at one point that he got his maid pregnant?Well, you know there is another what they call posthumous Osama Bin Laden video they released it clearly, and you can tell its dated because in the video hes still breathing. But in the video, actually its a historical artifact. And if you watch the video and listen carefully to this video you can actually hear the now famous last words of Osama Bin Laden. Which of course were, Will somebody please answer the damn door?Top Ten Chapter Titles In Dick Cheneys Memoir:They Call Me Bypass BooeyMan, I Love Them Kardashian SistersLet a Sneer Be Your UmbrellaWhy I Voted For John Kerry in 2004My Lifelong Love Affair With BaconClear!The Time I Saw Rumsfeld Naked.Tuesdays With MoronBeing the Best Dick I Can Be.Ladies and gentlemen, news from the world of broadcasting. The beloved Katie Couric is leaving CBS, and her final broadcast was last night, Katie Couric no longer the anchor of the CBS Evening News. Yeah, shes leaving to run for President. I didnt know that.Donald Trump is not running for President, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, turns out he was born in Kenya.Newt Gingrich is running for president. He loves campaigning. And his campaign certainly got off to a smooth start. But he likes being on the campaign trail. Hes already, over the weekend, he met his next wife. So thats cool.And how many of you have Newt fever? The horn section always has Newt fever. Newt Gingrich ran up a $500,000 bill at Tiffanys, the jewelry store. Half a million dollars. This is the guy that wants to rein in our spending? Yeah, okay. But today Newt is a little embarrassed about the $500,000 bill at Tiffanys. To show hes a regular guy, today he ran up a $500,000 bill at Wal-Mart.Did you see the ball game last night? It was the Texas Rangers and the White Sox, I believe, and theyre playing in Texas and guess whos in a box seat down the first base side? George W. Bush, former President and his wife Laura. During the game theres a pop foul and it nearly hits the President. Did you see that footage? Finally, fantastically enough, thank God he still has his shoe-ducking abilities.Do you remember Dick Trigger Cheney? Vice President and he has a memoir being published this summer and its going to be about his eight years as Vice President and it will contain all of the controversial elements of the Bush Administration. Say what you will about Dick Cheney, hes very thorough and he did a great deal of research. And, in fact, get all of the facts, to get all of the truth for his book a few times during the writing of the book he actually had to water-board himself.Top Ten Thoughts Going Through Barak Obamas Mind At This Moment [When limo ahead of him bottomed out in Dublin]I think we hit a leprechaun.Damn, The teleprompters in that car.How much does AAA charge to pick up a guy in Ireland?Remember when Trump thought he could be President?I wonder if Gingrich has a revolving line of credit at Sears Auto Centers.Lucky there arent any television cameras around.Its always the day after your warranty expires, am I right?Where are the Navy SEALs when you need them?OCrap.Top Ten Things I Enjoy About Fleet Week Here In New York City. [Read by US Service Members]What small town kid hasnt dreamed of seeing Yonkers?That information is classified.Seeing my favorite show. Late Night With Jimmy Fallon.Theres a guy in Times Square who plays guitar in his underwear.All the guys buy me drinks.All the guys buy me drinks.Nice to wear a pristine white uniform in a city full of mysterious puddles.Honestly, I dont enjoy anything now that Oprah is gone.Street punks dont mess with you when your ride is packing a rolling airframe missile launcher.Were learning more and more about bin Laden and his final moments. When they found him, he had about $800 in cash on him. He had two phone numbers stitched into one of his things that he would wear. One was for the Abbottabad cab company. And the other phone number was for somebody named Rhonda.There is Congressman Anthony Weiner, do you know all about this? I am a little late to this party. And boy, what a party it is. He apparently is in some kind of trouble. I dont know if laws were broken or not. But he was sending around pictures of his of him in his, uh, in his underpants. And I thought well now wait a minute what is the big deal. Dont Congressmen ... Dont they get to mail their packages for free?How about the economy? Is it getting better or not getting better? You folks got any dough? I got no dough. You know whos got all the money? The Chinese. Theyve got all the money. No President has ever been reelected, thats what theyre saying about Obama, theyre saying no President has ever been reelected under these kind of economic conditions. ... Yeah, unless theyre running against Pawlenty, Romney or Gingrich.Yeah, the Republican candidates, these guys look like the membership committee at a restricted country club, dont they? You take a look at these Republican candidates and I bet you Barack Obama wishes he hadnt spent that money on a new birth certificate, huh?Top TenThings Overheard During Moammar Gadhafis BirthdayThe stripper is a buxom Ukrainian nurse.Incoming!Dont think of it as getting older...think of it as being closer to an eternity spent writhing in hellfire.Who wants one of my famous Moammar-garitas?Wow, Neil Patrick Harris will host anything.Theres a catered lunch from the CIA in the 11th floor conference room.Bad news, Sheila E. wont be here. Shes doing Late Show Drum Solo Week.We never got an RSVP from Osama.He doesnt like surprises since that whole SEAL Team 6 thing.When theres trouble, and believe me, Ive had my share of trouble, you can always tell who your friends are, and this poor guy, Anthony Weiner, has no support from nobody. Nobody wants to know from nothing about Anthony ? except, you know who is supporting Anthony Weiner, and I thought this was nice, Newt Gingrich. Today Newt Gingrich sent him a $10,000 cell phone case from Tiffanys. Very nice.How many of you folks have Mitt Romney fever? Well, Mitt Romney is saying that he believes and agrees that the world is getting warmer but hes got a plan. If he is elected President, you know what Mitt Romney is going to do because of the global warming climate change? Hes going to loosen his tie.Have you seen the Republican candidates so far? Lets run them down. You have Newt Gingrich, the Newt! You have Mitt Romney, and a couple other guys I dont know. It looks like those guys in the Flomax commercials.Well, its sunny today, beautiful day outside. So sunny Anthony Weiner saw his shadow. And that means 6 more weeks of Weiner jokes.But the latest batch of Anthony Weiner cell phone photos taken apparently at the congressional gym. Wait a minute, those guys have a gym? So those fat sweaty guys walking around, they go to a gym?You know, honestly, if I can be serious here for a second, if you think about it, the only thing -- the only question is what is Anthony Weiner guilty of, really? Really, what is he guilty of? Ladies and gentlemen, Ill tell you what the man the guilty of. Hes guilty of being too photogenic. Thats his problem.You know, Anthony Weiner is now getting a lot of pressure from Democrats to resign and Id like to take a second here and I think I speak for everybody, I think I speak for myself, I think I speak for Jay Leno, I think I speak for Conan OBrien, I speak for Jimmy Fallon, George Lopez, Jimmy Kimmel, Craig Ferguson. David Frost. Merv Griffin. Jack Parr and Johnny Carson when I say Hey, mind your own business! He doesnt need to resign!President Obama said if it was him, he would resign and Bill Clinton said Well, if it was me I wouldnt be surprised.Did you see the Republican debate last night? Oh my God! Those guys up there and Michele Bachmann and it was exciting and you know who did well? Michele Bachmann. Bachmann did well. Newt Gingrich was so impressed with Michele Bachmann he gave her a $200,000 gift certificate from Tiffanys.I like that Mitt Romney and Michele Bachmann, they look like the Channel 7 news team, Dont they? Eyewitness news with Mitt and Michele.The Republican candidates, did you folks see the Republican candidates? Oh my God. You got Mitt Romney, Michele Bachmann and you got a bunch of other guys, you got Newt, you got Ron Paul. I bet Obama now is sorry he spent that money on the new birth certificate.Today is a big day in the Weiner household. Anthony Weiner is being reunited with his wife. Well that should go pretty well. And Weiner asked that the people respect his privacy and well I guess that really wasnt a concern when he was texting photos of his junk. No, I dont think it was.Its the anniversary of the Great Wall of China. Truly one of the great wonders of the world. And we look at it now and we think, Whats the deal with those Chinese? What are they trying to pull? But in all honesty since they put up the wall not one Mexican has sneaked in. Not one.Top Ten Signs Al-Qaeda Is Running Out of MoneyIll tell you who is in a lot of trouble, ladies and gentlemen, Mitt Romney. Hes supposedly the Republican presidential contender front-runner. This guy is in a lot of trouble. You know what happened? Listen to what this numskull did. Listen to what this bonehead pulled. Heres what happened he created a successful health care program in Massachusetts. Are you kidding me! Come on! What a dope!And, and former governor of Utah Jon Huntsman, hes running for president, and hes one of those guys, he can do everything. He speaks Chinese ... In a couple of years well all be speaking Chinese. Who cares? What I do care?And we have a new Republican candidate for president, former governor of Utah, Jon Huntsman. ... Listen to this, the guy is fluent in Chinese. ... In a short period of time, the Republicans have come quite a long way because you remember the last Republican President of the United States wasnt even fluent in English.George Bush comes out and says Okay Osama bin Laden, dead or alive, dead or alive. Six, seven, eight years go by and George W. Bush says, I dont really think about him that much anymore. Well, okay, thats one way of handling it. And then Barack Obama comes in and sends some SEAL team guys over, guns him down. So they had to replace the guy. They gunned him down and they had to replace that guy, gunned him down. So now Im happy to announce that the new head of Al Qaeda is Iman al-Zawahiri. Or as hes known to SEAL Team 6, Next.But right now Zawahiri is in what they call that brief honeymoon period. Hell be in kind of a brief period of goodwill, a honeymoon period and then hell be shot in the head. Thats how you know the honeymoons over. But they say and I dont know who they are but they say that Zawahiri lacks charisma. Lacks charisma and I think, Well duh! Hello! Not everybody can be a people person like bin Laden.In New York State, Governor Cuomo legalized gay marriage and I think its great for everybody, honestly. Especially divorce lawyers, you know what I mean? But with marriage, responsibility. And Im sure gay people, members of this community, are aware of the responsibility of marriage. Youve got to make decisions. You have to decide, for example, once youre married, heres a decision, who stays in bed, who goes down stairs to see what the noise was?Remember Rod Blagojevich? Former governor of Illinois. He was tried a year ago and then retried and today they came back with a guilty verdict ... Actually during the trial he got himself into trouble for texting photos of his hair.Yeah. Do you folks have Michele Bachmann fever? She is announcing she is running for President. She has a fantastic schedule. Tomorrow she will mistake Charles Bronson for Charles Manson. Thats first up. Then Thursday she will mistake Ted Kennedy for Ted Bundy. And then on Friday she mistake James Earl Jones for James Earl Ray. So shes very, very busy.Chris Wallace over there at Fox News. He asked Michele Bachmann, he said, Are you a flake? and I thought to call Michele Bachmann a flake is to insult the fine folks at Kelloggs. I mean, honestly.By the way, remember Rod Blagojevich? Former governor from Illinois? Rod Blagojevich was on the program a couple of years ago and he walked around telling everybody Hi, Im innocent. Im innocent. Do you think Im innocent? Do I look guilty? No, Im innocent. Well, today he was found guilty of 17 counts. ... Hes looking at 300 years in prison. He was charged with corruption and unlawful imprisonment of a badger. Have you seen his hair? Look, right there. Governor Blagojevich said he was stunned by the verdict. I said Well, apparently you werent paying attention to the trial.And you know what started this, Blagojevich was accused of trying to sell Barack Obamas Senate seat when he was elected President. ... And I was thinking, I bet the President wouldnt mind giving up his seat now!But anyway, Newt Gingrich, presidential candidate, in the hot dog eating contest at Coney Island and he hopes to win because he needs the money to pay off his Tiffanys account.You can get married if youre gay couple, you can get married in the state of New York now. Before they signed it, the only place you could get married if you were a gay couple in New York City before, in the old days, was backstage at the Tony awards.A lot of people taking time off for the holidays. For example, former governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich hes going away, He could go away for 300 years unless hes pardoned by Oprah. He will be fine then.The Reasons I, Dave Letterman, Am Proud To Be An AmericanOther countries dont have one Dakota ? we have two.Land of the free, home of the brave and the fattest people on earth.Our Wise And Learned Founding Fathers, such as Thomas Jefferson and John Quincy Gotti (Joke Provided by Michele Bachmann).All of our Presidents were born in America, or possibly Kenya.The United States has the best damn extreme couponers in the world.We live in a country where our politicians text photos of their junk.Forget all this, have you seen the new story about Florence Henderson?Kim Kardashian x-rayed her [bleep]What other country would let me get away with doing this crap?Its hot in New York City, though, right? Humidity is lousy. The humidity is as high as the unemployment.It was so hot today in the nations capital, Washington, DC, they turned on the debt ceiling fan.You know what I like is that Michele Bachmann from Minnesota. She says if shes elected for President shes going to ban pornography. Lets take a look at things. Weve got multiple wars, skyrocketing debts, recession, unemployment. Yeah, lets ban pornography. Lets do that. By God, why not? Its a known fact when things are bad in the world folks enjoy watching people do it. A known fact! And by the way, good idea, lets kill the last thing we actually produce in this country huh?Is it hot outside, ladies and gentlemen? Its so hot that Rupert Murdoch...instead of tapping phones, hes been tapping kegs. So hot even Michele Bachmann believes in global warming.She [Bachmann] says if shes elected she will ban pornography. You know what she wants to do? She wants to put pants on Donald Duck, thats how serious she is.Michele Bachmanns husband says he can turn gay men straight. You know who else has had pretty good luck with that is Megan Fox.Top Ten Signs The United States Is Running Out Of MoneyThe White House now has a two-drink minimum.Theres a listing on eBay for North Dakota.Barack Obama sold his Nobel Prize to Cash 4 Gold.Americans now attempting to sneak into Mexico.Renting Bidens house to back-packing German tourists.Costs $25 for each bag President wants to check on Air Force One.John Boehner getting paid in Beach Bum Tanning gift cards.Country is moving in with England until we get back on our feet.Applied for a $40 billion loan from Oprah.That Michele Bachmann, this woman, say what you will about her but she is outspoken and deadly earnest. She says if she was elected President she will ban gay marriage and pornography. Pornography? And she calls herself a Republican?And you know, August 1st if they dont raise the debt limit the earth explodes. So John Boehner and President Obama are haggling and its like a trillion dollars. Theyre fighting, squabbling. Theyve got to get the money and the trillion dollars Do you want a trillion? Yes, but can I No, you cant have a trillion. What are we going to do with this? I mean honest to God its like a Tiger Woods divorce settlement.I dont know if you know this, the heat will drive people crazy. ... Heres how bad the heat is, Charlie Sheen, you know Charlie sheen? The heat got to this guy, driving him crazy so, bad he was snorting actual snow. So hot Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann, so hot she was fanning herself with pornography.Congratulations to Donald Trump. He has a new grandson. Another grandson so a new grandfather for the second time. And we have a picture of the new grandbaby right there. Look at the hair on that kid! Holy moley. And today Trump demanded to see his birth certificate.Hey, heres good news. In India two monkeys got married formal ceremony, tails, it was lovely. When Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann heard the two monkeys were getting married she said Thats fine, as long as theyre not gay.Were learning more and more about Michele Bachmann. She wants to ban gay marriage, wants to ban pornography, suffers from migraines and Im thinking maybe the migraines are contagious because shes giving me a headache.So hot here, this is how hot it is in New York City. This is true. It is so hot today that Anthony Weiner got in bed with his wife just for the chill.Hot everywhere on the East Coast, hot down in Washington, listen to this. This is kind of funny. They thought they had a budget deal down in Washington earlier today. It turned out to be a mirage. The heat, thats the heat.Michele Bachmann the Republican candidate for President, she suffers from migraines ... She apparently gets these disabling headaches from time to time and I thought, Wait a minute, oh that is what happens when you dont get a little pornography every now and then.You folks know anything about the debt crisis and the debt ceiling limit? Do you understand what that means? That theyre going to raise it, theyre not going to raise it. Do you know, do you understand? Dont lie to me. Nobody knows. Nobody knows what theyre talking about. But they say that because of this trouble, we may lose our AAA rating. And I say Yeah, well, why dont you tell the auto club to mind their own business.Michelle Bachmann the presidential candidate, her husband believes you can pray away the gay. Actually its a combination of prayer and show tunes.Yeah, Michele Bachman says if shes elected President shes going to outlaw gay marriage and also make it illegal for Neil Patrick Harris to host the Tonys.So heres how Michele Bachmans husband claims that he can cure homosexuality. Heres what they do. They get you into the clinic. Hi, come on, you do some paperwork. And then while youre in there, if you display an urge to go antiquing, they taser you.As you probably know gay marriages now legal here in New York City. And now its not Michele Bachmanns who has the migraines. Now its her husband.Mom and I play a drinking game. You know the drinking games? We do a shot every time the debt talks collapse. And just about now Obama, the President, I mean Im telling you, this guy, now he wishes he was born in Kenya.Ladies and gentlemen, the NFL lockout is over. All parties compromised. Everybody agreed and now we have a solution. Its too bad the national debt is not as important as football, you know?August 2 the United States government runs out of money. Do you folks have something put away? You better have something. They may have to stop paying Captain America.Great news, the Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann whos running for President? When she and her husband Marcus heard there was trouble with the debt Marcus jumped in and offered to pray away the debt.Jeb Bush could be running for President in 2012. Jeb Bush. You know, to me Bush Presidencies are like Caddyshack movies. They should have stopped at one, really.Ladies and gentlemen, when you hear your name called, do me a favor, come up here on stage and tell us about your debt-reduction plan. I dont understand anything about the thing. Do you? Anybody? Of course you dont. The debt, we are over $14 trillion in debt. But listen to this, the feels like is $20 trillion. Thats the key.You know that woman running for the President, the Republican, Michele Bachmann. Do you know her? They did this investigating and found this woman spends over $5,000 a week, $5,000 a week on hair and makeup. Yup. And so does her husband.This is great news. George Bush who was President and George Bushs father, Herbert Walker Bush, he was also President. Now the son and the brother Jeb Bush, former governor of Florida, is saying that he has not ruled out running for President in 2012. And coincidentally I have not ruled out drinking again.Great news for American taxpayers, President Obama and Congress have reached a deal. ... So what happened? The best I can understand it and believe me I dont understand it. Obama reached a compromise with the Republicans. I think its the same kind of compromise Custer had with Sitting Bull. Same kind of compromise. Not what the Arapahos had in mind.The Tea Party is unhappy with the deal. Apparently everything they want is not enough. Thats the problem. Everything they want. Not enough.Obama was very emotional about this. He said, Look, if we dont get this done the credit rating of the United States of America could drop to AA. Could drop from AAA to AA. I of course, say who cares what a brunch of drunks think? Who cares!I think were all breathing easier because they got that thing in Washington solved, you know what Im talking about, the debt ceiling nonsense. Anybody understand that? No? Make any difference to you? No, me neither. They say we avoided economic disaster. Economic disaster, whoo. So now were $16 trillion in debt. Thats not economic disaster?Joe Biden, Vice President Joe Biden has now gone on record, he referred to the Tea Party as terrorists. This, ladies and gentlemen, is a real slap in the face to terrorists.Happy birthday today to President Barack Obama. Fifty years old today. Barack Obama. Whether you like him, whether you dont like him, whether you voted for him, didnt vote for him. Its still a tremendous success story. When you think about it, this guy Barack Obama, born in a hut in Kenya, rose up to be President of the United States. He got some lovely presents. And what can you really get for the President. But he got some lovely things. China gave him an extension on his rent. That was good. Newt Gingrich gave him a $500,000 gift certificate to Tiffanys. And then of course they bring in the cake and the candles and he makes a wish and he blows out the candles. He opens his eyes and oh, darn, hes still President.Top Ten Ways Barack Obama Celebrated His Birthday.Treated himself to a piece of First Ladys carob-flavored kelp loaf birthday cake.Asked for an iPad, let Republicans negotiate him down to a wad of gum.Pizza and video games at Washington kids restaurant Chuck E. Schumers.Asked for any cash gifts to be in Canadian dollars.Sent 82nd Airborne on In n Out Burger run.Invited fun costume characters.Shark Week and two pints of Chubby HubbyGot a fabulous make-over from Michele Bachmanns husband.Forged a Kenyan birth certificate to get him out of this miserable job.Thank you very much for being here tonight. We have great audiences, night in and night out. But tonight especially. It means a lot to me. Tonight you people are more to me, honestly than an audience. Youre more like a human shield.I am so sorry, Im a little late coming out. Backstage I was talking to the guy from CBS. We were going through the CBS life insurance policy to see if I was covered for jihad.They say the guy, it was a threat, it is what they call fatwah. And they say the guy that issued the fatwah is an internet jihadist. And I said, Well heck, who says Obama isnt creating jobs?And so now State Department authorities are looking into it. Theyre not taking this lightly. Theyre looking into it. Theyre questioning. Theyre interrogating. Theres an electronic trail. But everybody knows its Leno.Everybodys so sensitive. But Ill tell you, that bin Laden, when they killed him, he had been locked in a house with three wives for six years. So when the SEALs broke in he said Hey, just shoot me.I was looking at the documents earlier today. And I dont know if you are aware of this, when he was assassinated, bin Laden, he was late arriving in hell, were you aware of that? He had to go through Newark.There was a clerical error when he arrived, when bin Laden arrived in the afterlife he was met by 72 vegans, vegans.Top Ten Thoughts That Went Through My Mind After Hearing About The ThreatNothing says summer fun like a death threat.Why is the staff in such a good mood?Save me, Oprah.Should I wear my Kevlar hairpiece?And here I thought nobody watched the show.How can someone be so angry at a time when Kim Kardashian is so happy?Some people get Emmy nominations, some people get death threatsThis seems like Lenos handiwork.Oh my God! They cancelled The George Lopez Show.During yesterdays east coast earthquake, Down at City Hall Mayor Bloomberg felt the earthquake and he ran looking for cover and they found Mayor Bloomberg during the earthquake standing under his desk.They traced the epicenter of the earthquake to Governor Chris Christies aerobics class.I mean, Donald Trump, you could see the ripples going through his hair. Just undulation. On the bright side, I didnt have to shake my morning martini.I feel bad for President Obama, his popularity is sliding. Hes up in Marthas Vineyard. Hes getting to be so bad he may be the first President voted off the island.Show of hands. How many folks are here for the show, how many folks are here for the jihad? Youll come for the show; youll stay for the jihad. Thats right. I had a guy last week put a fatwa out on me and going to cut out my tongue. Anybody ever had a fatwa? Wow, buddy. Ive got to say, CBS has been fantastic. When they heard about the fatwa, the first thing they did, they started holding auditions for my replacement.Had a lot of support here after the fatwa. The Stage Deli named a sandwich after me. Its the Dave Letterman and its sliced tongue on rye.How about this thing going on in Tripoli, in Libya, huh? Pretty exciting, right? ... Apparently Colonel Gadhafi is in hiding and they dont know where he is. They think hes with his two sons Hoss and Little Joe but they cant find him.And the big question about Libya is once they topple Gadhafi, can Libya put together a functioning stable government? And if they can do that, for the love of God, will they show us how to do it?Mitt Romney announced earlier today that he is building a $12 million beach house in California. $12 million beach house in California. Today, Mitt Romney made that announcement. Now, Im telling you, there is a man who can read the mood of the country.Things Overheard During The East Coast EarthquakeIts lootin time!Hey, you forgot your champagne.5.9 Earthquake, it would have been a 6.2 if it had a better lead-in.These new Taco Bell chalupas are rocking my world.My hiccups are gone!Wheeeee!Call FEMEMA, the Federal Extremely Minor Emergency Management Agency.Damn, right in the middle of laser eye surgery.Kirstie, stop with the jumping jacks.They felt the earthquake in Washington, DC., close to the epicenter. It was so strong down there, Nancy Pelosi, her hair actually cracked. They found a crack in her hair. Theyll have to caulk it. Theyre going to caulk her hair. Hillary Clinton suffered some structural damage in her pantsuit. The earthquake was so strong, that the Tea Party shifted to the center.Meanwhile, President Obama is still vacationing on Marthas Vineyard, enjoying all the sun and fun there on Marthas Vineyard. Its really sad when your SPF factor is higher than your approval rating, dont you think?Top Ten Signs Moammar Gadhafi Is Hiding In Your NeighborhoodAyman al-Zawahiri knocks on your door and says, Whoops! Wrong house!Someone keeps forgetting to clean up after his camel.Guy introduces himself as Carl, but spells it with a Q.High school soccer games now begin with Libyan national anthem.Every shopping plaza within a ten mile radius is out of enormous sunglasses.Navy SEALs requested permission to turn your kids tree house into a snipers nest.Monday: quiet: quiet, Wednesday: Mobs of gun-toting Libyan rebels, Thursday: quiet.Neighbor keeps parking his tank on your Prius.In background of his latest video message, you see you.Before we get started I have to do this. Do we have any extremists or radicals in the audience tonight? Good. Its been a pretty good few days, five days without a fatwa. Yes! Were you outside today, nice weather, beautiful, wasnt it. Oh, lovely. So nice I took my bodyguards to Ben & Jerrys.While President Obama is on vacation he gets his daily briefing. ... its not really a vacation. Its not like , No, Im not taking calls, Im on vacation. No, no, dont bother me, Ill be on vacation. Call me after Labor Day, Im vacationing. Its not like that at all. He gets daily briefings. Theyre talking to him about like Syria, hot spots around the world, Syria, Libya. He wants to know all about Kim Kardashians honeymoon, I mean its 24/7.And you folks in the balcony, are you here for the show or are you just looking for high ground? What is going on? Hurricane Irene came whipping through here -- 800,000 residents from New Jersey still without power. But its okay. Theyve hooked them up to Governor Christys backup generator on his refrigerator. Everything will be fine.Everythings great at my house -- thanks for asking. Yeah, its been boarded up for years. So not a problem. But here in New York City, this, you know, you got a big city like this and a massive storm and Mayor Bloomberg, bless his heart, a nice job. Think about it, we had that earthquake, had the earthquake. And Mayor Bloomberg, remember the shots of him standing under his desk?Right after the earthquake - well, you dont think about things. Of course you have to evacuate. Of course you have to have flashlight, drinking water. You think about those things. What you dont think about, the aftermath of the earthquake or the hurricane. Wow, just line them up. Where are you folks going next, Tripoli? Whats next. But its that - its the after the wet rat smell. Awful, isnt it?Anyway, good news after hurricane Irene. Wall Street is up and running are as usual. The bad news, Wall Street is up and running as usual.How about that Republican candidate Michelle Bachmann. Yeah, she says that the hurricane was Gods message to Washington D.C. Do you suppose God is saying to himself, Why do I attract all the crack pots? Why...What is the... What is it about me?Just before I came out here I heard that the second in command of Al Qaeda was killed over the weekend. Too bad. He seemed like such a nice guy. And the fact that now they got to replace the guy, well that shows me that there is opportunity for advancement in Al Qaeda. So you cant argue with that, you know what I mean? But the guy had been on the job less than two months. Boy, that Tim Pawlentys campaign lasted longer.Heres something weird I heard about. You now rebels who broke into Moammar Gadhafis place, they said it was kind of creepy. And he had a photo album and it was full of pictures of former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice. Who doesnt have one of those? You know, I mean I...guilty there. But Gadhafi is apparently on the run, although today he did release one of those messages that these guys do. And in it, he congratulated Beyonce, you know, shes pregnant.Former Vice President, oh, now this is great. Dick Cheney, you all remember Vice President Dick Kaboom Cheney -- hes written a book and in the book he says he would do it all over again, the same way he would make no changes. He said really, he would still honestly he still feels strongly about this. He would still invade the wrong country. He is so confident that ... And Dick says that the reason he wrote the memoir is because of friends encouraged him to do it. What? This guy has friends! What? And you know, remember, Dick Cheney he had the heart attack. And during one of the heart attacks, he was unconscious for two weeks. Two weeks -- he was clinically dead for two weeks. I know a lot of are you saying well thats not long enough, Dave. Thats not long enough. Thats not what were looking for.How about that Moammar Gadhafi? Where is Moammar Gadhafi? Where is that guy? They go into Tripoli, they say were going into the compound, they go into the compound, they cant find him. They busted into one of his palaces, he had escape tunnels. He had gold plumbing fixtures. He had naked photos of Condoleezza Rice. I mean its like I have a twin.By the way, have you bought the new Dick Cheney memoir? Anybody get the new Dick Cheney memoir? Its... its going to be a best-seller. Its published I think [by] Simon & Shooter, its going to be fantastic.Oh, my. How about that Republican presidential candidate, Michele Bachmann? Isnt she something? She is now publishing her memoirs, and I thought, Wait a minute, why cant we pray that away?And Michele Bachmann has that haircut. You see that haircut on the woman? Its all the rage. If you want to get the Michele Bachmann haircut, go into the beauty salon and ask for the whacko. That will get you where you want to be.That Gadhafi, theyre looking for him. Hes got a two million dollar price on his head. I thought, Ive got a two million dollar price on my tongue.C.I.A. is hoping that Gadhafis weapons dont fall into the wrong hands and I thought, Wait a minute. Werent they already in the wrong hands? Thats what I thought.By the way, have you folks read the Dick Cheney memoir? Yes. Its fascinating. Its in its third printing. The first two were waterboarded.I bought 50 of them. Its a big, big book. I bought 50 of them and its fascinating. Over the weekend, I used them to board up the basement so I wouldnt...Here is one of those weird things. Listen to this. Recently in Massachusetts, President Obamas uncle was arrested for a DUI -- driving under the influence. And heres the odd part, the ironic part of the story. His alcohol level was actually higher than Obamas approval rating. Obamas approval rating is 38%, 38%. Hell, Id kill for numbers like that. You know what I mean?But now, next week President Obama will unveil his jobs bill. Im sure that will sail right through.Did you have nice Labor Day, folks? Labor Day is the day Americans take three days off from looking for work so its not what it used to be.You remember George W. Bush? His niece was married over the weekend and a big wedding and it was a rodeo theme just like Bushs presidency.Top Ten Signs Michele OBachmanns Campaign is in Trouble.She keeps referring to the governor of Texas as Katy Perry.Husband is leaving campaign to host a makeover show on Bravo.Spent last weekend campaigning in Juarez, Mexico.Ranks behind that creepy middle-aged white guy, that other creepy middle-aged white guy and barely ahead of other creepy middle-aged white guy.Only polling well with people who are heavily medicated.Headquarters is now the backseat of a Hyundai Sonata.Claims bad weather is God punishing us for J-Lo and Marc Anthony break up.Has yet to acknowledge the road to the White House goes through me, Dave.Shes running out of bat-[bleep] crazy things to say.Theres a big Republican debate earlier tonight, and that Mitt Romney, you know who Im talking about when I say Mitt Romney? He would, historians agree, be first President of this country named Mitt. But Mitt Romney is saying that President Obamas job plan is a payphone strategy. Now listen to this. This is a cute turn of phrase. Obamas jobs strategy is a payphone strategy in a Smartphone world. Not bad, huh? Yeah, like Mitt ever used a payphone! Come on, that guy! I dont think so. No.I mentioned the Republican debate was on earlier tonight. Side effects may include dizziness, nausea, and sexual dysfunction.How about Michele Bachmann, Republican presidential candidate. She is dropping quickly in polls. Thats too bad. Yeah, three more points, and she goes on Dancing With the Stars.Yeah, her popularity with regard to running for President, its dropping, but the people love her haircut. I dont think this has ever happened where theyre not crazy about her as a candidate, but they love her haircut. Its really caught on. And if you want one like Michele Bachmanns, all you have to do is go to your haircutting place, Supercuts, your beauty salon, or wherever you go and say, Give me the lunatic. Thats what you say.Dont know if youve seen all the candidates together in one place, but they look like castaways on an old sitcom. The billionaire, the movie star, the professor, the skipper there. Theyre all there.Did you see the Republican presidential candidates debate? Im telling you, these guys and Michele Bachmann, they look like a town council that was outlawing dance. They were lying about poisoning a river. I wanted to TiVo the debate because I wanted to see it and my TiVo felt asleep.And then Rick Perry, you can smell his cologne through the TV. Whoa! He doesnt believe in global warming, thinks Social Security is a Ponzi scheme, has executed 234 people, in other words, hes a Republican moderate. Hes a moderate. Hes a centrist.Hey, you know who is everywhere, that Dick Cheney. You know what I am talking about when I say Dick Cheney, Dick Kaboom Cheney? Dick Ill be down at the beach water boarding Cheney? And he says now, hes out there doing a lot of these interviews at various places and he said that when the United States lost its AAA bond rating that Dick felt embarrassment. Dick felt embarrassment. Yeah, he felt embarrassment. Lets take a look at this, no weapons of mass destruction, wasnt embarrassed about that. Invading the wrong country, no, not embarrassed about that. Shooting a hunting buddy in the face, no, no, not embarrassed about there.Oh, and the Iranian president, this guy, and this is why everybody gets excited for the General Assembly. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, do you know that guy, that twerpy little guy, and he likes to get up there at the General Assembly and starts ranting and raving and was bragging earlier today about one thing. Iran now leads the world in captured hikers. Are you aware of that?Anyway, Ahmadinejad, and heres a guy who has stated publicly, openly and with a certain measure of pride that he hates Jews and gays. Uh-huh. Boy, is this guy in the wrong town.Top Ten Highlights of Barack Obamas Deficit Plan.New 10,000% tax on waffles ? no way people are giving up their waffles.Congressional Super Committee now reports to even more powerful super duper committee.Medicare no longer covers ass X-rays.From now on, quarters are worth 26 cents.Change the definition of the word deficit.Seniors must wait until theyre 112 before they can collect Social Security.Open more post offices ? those places are money machines!Congressmen must pay hookers in cash.Jets giving three and a half in Cincy, its like found money.So anyway, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, that beady-eyed little weasel from Iran is in town. And today just for fun he went up to Central Park and arrested hikers.You know what happened yesterday, in the military they repealed... Its gone forever, Dont Ask, Dont Tell is now gone. And that means that homosexual gay people can serve in the military openly and also you know what that means? More parades! Here we go!So now what that means ? and this shakes up the military chain of command, I had no idea because Im ignorant. But the military chain of command has now changed. Heres how it works. At the top you have Commander in Chief, Barack Obama, our current President. Next in command, Leon Panetta, always reminds me of pancetta which is mighty tasty. And then after Leon Panetta you have, look, its Lady Gaga.But heres the problem, the squeegee guys are back. You know what Im talking about? Back in the late 60s early 70s the squeegee guys would come... It was because of the economy and they were homeless people and it was a sad, sad thing and they would try to make money by washing your windshield and stuff and they would have a squeegee. ... Well, then Mayor Giuliani came in and said no, no and locked them all up, sent them to prison. And we havent had squeegee guys ever since. Guess what? Theyre back because the economy is so lousy. The squeegee guys are back. Now wait a minute, who says Obama isnt creating new jobs, huh?And a guy came up to the car today and was squeegeeing like a bat out of hell. Ive never seen a guy squeegee like this before. And you know who it was? It was Anthony Weiner. Honest to God.Top Ten Items on the United Nations General Assembly Agenda.Recap highlights from last nights Two and a Half Men.Goodbye, euro. Hello, Chuck E. Cheese tokens.Pass resolution that Steve Carell was robbed at the Emmys.Gently break it to the Russians that theyve been writing their Rs backwards all these years.Finally nail down which ones Uruguay, which ones Paraguay.Pitch sitcom about Greece and the United States called Two Broke Countries.Do whatever China says.Congratulate whichever country came up with the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo books, cause those were awesome.Debate whether to renew the Letterman fatwa.Ladies and gentlemen, here is a milestone in American culture. Gays are now allowed to openly serve in the military. So you know me, I am always thinking you know what that means. Maybe our next war could be a musical.How about that Republican presidential campaign? I wouldnt say its heating up. Have you ever tried to boil water on a stove that doesnt put out much heat? Thats kind of like whats happening with the Republican campaign. Taking a long time for it to come to a simmer.And President Obama, was in town speaking at the UN General Assembly and he is very proud of three things he said in his address to the UN. He said he was very proud of three things: bin Laden dead, yeah, sure. Qaddafi toppled, right? Number three, Regis fired. Very proud.Top Ten Things a Candidate Should Not Say During a Presidential Debate:Fifty states? When did Puerto Rico get in?Can you repeat the question? I was thinking about cookies.If elected, my Cabinet will feature at least three Kardashians.I dont know a damn thing about the economy, but I do know this: Chaz Bono dances like an angel.Can anyone beat Angry Birds level 16? I cant kill the pig with the mustache.Its-a not so bad, its-a nice-a place. Ah, shaddap you face.Hey Republican spelled backwards is NacilbuperAs my good friend, Osama bin Laden, once said ?Senior citizens can bite my ass.Are you worried about the big satellite? ... It is plummeting back to earth faster than Michele Bachmanns campaign.Last night, they had another one of those Republican debates. Do you watch those things? Does anybody watch them? I mean, the election is, like, two years from now. Youre probably not going to vote anyway, right? And I dont know. Im no political expert. Im no pundit but it seems to me like the Republican field is a little anemic, a little anemic. As a matter of fact, they were watching the debate last night at the Oval Office, at the White House, and Barack Obamas watching the debate and halfway through he turned to his wife and he said, Honey, you can stop packing! Not worried.You know what we had going on this week, of course, the UN General Assembly. Anybody go out there for the reopening? The horn section? And I was talking to folks after it closed up. Everybody agrees that this year it just wasnt as much fun without Gadhafi.Im telling you, there was another Republican presidential debate. I mean these Republican candidates are busier than a two-headed woodpecker, arent they? And the most recent one for Rick Perry apparently did not go well. ... Dont kid yourself. Obama watches this stuff; he knows what is going on because these goons are trying to get his job so he knows exactly what is going on. He is watching Rick Perry and Perry is having problems and Obama turns to Michelle and says Hey, honey, you can stop packing.Rick Perry says he did not do well because he was exhausted, I thought sure he is exhausted from executing all those people. Hey, I got my thing. I have to pull the switch. Since we started keeping track, when I first was aware Governor Perry had executed 234 people down there in Texas. And now its jumped to 236 so apparently somethings working. And it turns out at least half of them were guilty. So I mean keep up the good work.Top Ten Signs That Rick Perrys Campaign Is In Trouble:At debates, he mostly goes with, Thats what she said.Downgraded from campaign bus to cheaper campaign Vespa scooter.Hes too Mitty for Newt supporters, too Newty for Mitt supporters.His new slogan: Cmaaaaaaaaaaan!Advisors are thinking of replacing him with Luke Perry.Just went hiking on the border of Iraq and Iran.Even his wife is wearing a Herman Cain button.Instead of freedom and liberty his cowboy boots now read Its and Over.Even Michele Bachmann thinks hes nuts.And you know who the Republicans want as their candidate is the tubby guy across the river, Chris Christie. I mean, talk about tons of fun, here we go. But theyre having trouble luring Governor Christie into the presidential race. Theyve tried everything. Theyve had phone calls, people have called from -- Republicans tried to get him, please, and I thought Have you tried pie?Its the Jewish New Year, Rosh Hashanah, and that means just about now, somewhere out on the campaign trail, Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann is mispronouncing Rosh Hashanah.How about the Republicans are begging Chris Christie to come and be the President. The Governor of New Jersey. You know what Im saying? Big guy, big, big guy. And I thought, now, wait a minute. This might make sense. They want him to run in 2012 -- coincidentally, thats his cholesterol. If you elect Chris Christie President, you can say good-bye to pardoning the White House turkey. That aint going to happen.The governor of New Jersey, Governor Chris Christie, he could be our next President. That would be fantastic to have a neighboring state governor become the President of the United States. A lot of people are already criticizing the guy. Dont you hate politics for that reason? I mean, you cant just live and let live. You always have to be on somebody, poking at them, making fun, criticizing them, working them over. Theyre saying about Chris Christie, theyre saying he doesnt have the fire in his belly. Thats what theyre saying. And his supporters will say, By God, thats the only thing he doesnt have in his belly.And again the critics are all over this guy. Theyre saying, Fine, Governor of New Jersey. I hope hes doing a nice job for folk in the Garden State. What about ? what about foreign policy experience? Governor of New Jersey, foreign policy experience? I say oh, yeah, four words ? International House of Pancakes. Thats all you need to know.I feel awful talking about people when theyre not here. But we had an audience last week, oh my God. Dumb and ugly. And mean. The kind of audience that would spend a weekend at Rick Perrys hunting camp. Oh my God.How about this Governor Chris Christie from New Jersey. How exciting it really is well, theyre saying now that maybe theyll want him to run for President and how must this make Mitt Romney feel. You know, Mitt Romney, youre okay but were going to try and get somebody better.Boy, we are getting it done overseas. The US Special Forces bombed and killed the editor of Al Qaeda magazine, did you hear about this? So if your delivery this month is a little late ? Fox News is 15 years old today and President Obama demanded to see their birth certificate.Are you aware of whats going on the political scene locally across the river, Governor of New Jersey Chris Christie? He was going to run for President and today he made it official, he will not be running for President, what about that? You know, I honestly think he made the right decision. Think about it this way. Do we really want a President who looks like an American League umpire?It would have been a problem if Governor Christie decided he was going to run because the Republicans then would have to choose between Chris Christie and Rick Perry. Thats a difficult choice. Chris Christie and Rick Perry. One is morbidly obese and the other one is morally obtuse.Are you folks feeling the economy? Its just gone crazy on us. Here in New York City its very bad. Unemployment in New York City is like 9.2. Im telling you, the only thing not going out of business here in New York City right now are the going out of business stores.Heres what I like, somebody that doesnt really need to say anything decides theyre going to say something and gets themselves in trouble. You know who Im talking about this time? Hank Williams, Jr. Hes the Monday Night Football Are you ready for football guy and heres what he decided he would do yesterday. He decided what he would do is compare president Obama to Hitler. Good idea! Can you really go wrong with that? No! Thats kind of your go-to thing, isnt it? I prefer to get my political insights from Rascal Flatts.Top Ten Reasons Chris Christie Is Not Running For PresidentWants to spend more time with pieLearned there isnt a Quiznos within five miles of the White HouseAfraid of going up against the Newt Gingrich juggernautDoesnt own a tie without a mustard stainHe was advised against it by his closest confidant, Duncan HinesConstitution requires every candidate be able to see their feetCant understand response because of chewingHank Williams Jr. just compared him to StalinHe was born in Kenya.Here is how beautiful it is in New York City today. Down on Wall Street, the protesters and stock brokers were playing volleyball.Are you like me? The economy, its just awful. Isnt it awful? Heres how bad its gotten in New York City. The banks now have added several express lines with the tellers because the economy is so bad, several are just for hold-ups.A month ago, all we heard about was Rick Perry. Oh, Rick Perry this and oh, Rick Perry that and I cant wait to get in that booth and vote for Rick Perry. Look out, its going to be Rick Perry. And then its Rick Perry mania. Now the guy is gone, just off the map gone. I mean, this fella had a worse September than the Red Sox, if you think about it, really.And here right across the river, Governor Chris Christie from New Jersey, not running for President. Big decision, he had a lot to think about. He weighted the pros, he weighed the cons, then he weighed himself.Frankly, Ive come to really be fond of Governor Christie. I like the guy. I mean, this is a candidate we could have all gotten behind And now, theyre talking about he may be a Vice Presidential candidate. I was thinking he would make a great Vice President. I bet this guy knows how to spell potato.Top Ten Ways Rick Perry Plans To Spend $17 MillionTwo words: Alberto V05Hire staff to write some great zingers like this one: [Perry] Mitt needs to get a position and stick to get a position and stick with it. Hes flipping more than that great movie star Flipper.Always wanted to see BransonSpend a weekend at his hunting lodge with Hank Williams, Jr.$8.5 million on campaign buttons; $8.5 million on bumper stickersHealth care for all Texans...Im totally messing with youShut up or hell execute youGet a fabulous make-over from Michele Bachmanns husbandBuy lunch for Chris Christie.You feel the economy is bad? Do you have any money? You have no money, right? I have no money. Nobodys got any money. The Chinese have a lot of money. Heres how bad things are. In New York City, the economy-- I was in Central Park enjoying my lunch. This is how bad the economy is. I saw pigeons, my hand to God, this is a true story, I saw pigeons feeding old people.But now heres what Sarah Palin says why she wont be running for President. Because she says she can be more effective at getting others elected. Thats what she says. That by not running for President, she can be more effective. She can be a force for getting others elected. And I thought well thats true. Because in 2008 she got Obama elected.Today is Columbus Day. ... Columbus, of course, an Italian, moved to Spain and then discovered America. Although many Americans believe that he was actually born in Kenya.Rick Perry, Rick Gunner Perry from Texas has admitted now what I have worried about, well, for like 10, 20 years. These people are exhausted. He claims he is so tired he cant sleep. Hes having trouble sleeping. And I thought yes, of course, I mean honest to God, you know, if you are having trouble sleeping just listen to one of your speeches. And its starting to interfere with his life. Hes so tired. He cant get to sleep. When he finally gets to sleep, he overslept. You ever do that. You oversleep, you miss an execution.Happy birthday to Bo, the White House dog. Two years old, I think. Has the lowest approval rating of any White House dog going into an election year. Do you know the difference between Obamas dog and the economy? Do you have any idea what the difference-- the difference is? Obama fixed the dog.Any folks protesting in Wall Street, the Financial District? I appreciate you taking an hour off to come up here and see me. The protesters are protesting billionaires now. The Occupy Wall Street targeting billionaires and an insider a friend of mine in the mayors office says Mayor Bloomberg is so scared he was found hiding in a desk drawer. Donald Trump is scared. Hes teaching that thing on his head to attack.You know whos also joining the protestors? Kanye West. Thats good, a guy with diamonds in his teeth protesting greed. Good idea.There was a thing in The Washington Post, an article. They said that President Obama and listen to this, this is what the presidency will do to a man. Hes not a people person. Hes a neurotic loner they say. Doesnt have any friends. Ladies and gentlemen, its like I have a twin.Well, Governor Chris Christie endorsed Mitt Romney. Do you know the political intrigue and drama of Chris Christie? Everyone concerned about the slate of Republican candidates went to Christies house and said, Jabba, do us a favor. I added that. He said I cant run. I cant run. But hes endorsed Mitt Romney and thrown his political influence behind Mitt Romney. Herman Cain was steamed. Herman Cain says, I own a damn pizza store and the guy wont endorse me? Really? Free pizza, wont endorse me?Anyway the Republicans were at it again tonight. Theyve been debating and debating and debating and thats all they know how to do. ... It was a big night for Michele Bachmann. Shes now in fourth. It started out everybody wanted her and shed dropped to fourth but had a strong night. She did well in the debate. Did really well in the debate tonight and after the debate she turned a male flight attendant straight. So its a big, big night for her.Top Ten Little Known Facts About Herman CainWants to add the inventor of the calzone to Mount RushmoreHad no idea Newt Gingrich was running for PresidentEnds every conversation with You know, we hold the world record for jumping jacks.Oil he uses for pizzas, same stuff Romney puts in his hairHes the last remaining person on earth named HermanSecretly funneled cash to Pepsi during the 1980s cola warsOnce arrested for dating uncooked pizza doughCandidate most frequently hit on by Marcus BachmannChris Christie wants to be his running mate just for the free pizza.You know, you visit New York City, you go down to Wall Street. Have you seen the protesters down there? Any Wall Street protesters? I finally figured out what the deal is. Theyre after rich people. They dont like rich people and people with money are scared silly. As a matter of fact, you know Regis Philbin, Regis has all the money, you know, on his program today he was using Kelly as a human shield. And Mayor Bloomberg, New York City, guys got a lot of dough, lot of dough, scared silly. They found him hiding in his briefcase.Our guest tonight, President Bill Clinton is on the program. Very popular President here in the United States. And I was thinking about this, President Clinton is maybe something well never see again, a two-term Democrat.This is kind of sad. They are saying how that President Obama doesnt have any friends, has no close friends. And he says hes aware of this, but the problem is he cant get Congress to approve one.Anybody see the Republican presidential debate last night on the Bloomberg news? Well, they switched up the format a little bit and the candidates got to ask questions, and Jon Huntsman his question was, Who am I? ... : And Rick Perry had to leave the debate early. He was late for an execution.Top Ten Reasons Chris Christie Endorsed Mitt RomneyIt was a close call between him and Rick Santorum ? just kiddingMistook Mitts repeated bi-partisan references to mean two kinds of cheeseMovie star good looks, who could resist?Only other options were the nut job, the crackpot, the pizza dude and Newt.You know who was in town yesterday visiting with Donald Trump? It was Minnesota Republican hopeful presidential hopeful Michele Bachmann. ... Trump really worked her over. I mean hes no fool. He demanded to see her birth certificate and her high school diploma.You like Mitt Romney? This guy looks like if the Canadians got together and made a movie about the President, Mitt Romney would play the President in a Canadian movie.Now the Republicans will be debating in Las Vegas. And theyre all out there getting ready now. Did you hear what happened this morning? Crazy. Im telling you, when you go to Las Vegas, its crazy. ... Heres what happened this morning in Las Vegas. Mitt Romney woke up in a hotel room with Newt Gingrich, a baby, a Bengal tiger and Mike Tyson.Top Ten Things Michele Bachmann Said During Her Trip To New York CityWill the Holland Tunnel take me to Holland?Where does Batman live?Hold on, Im getting a text from Anthony WeinerWhere are the Jews?He has to be the tiniest mayor everIts such an honor to be here in the Windy CityIf you wont endorse me, Mr. Trump, would you consider me for Celebrity Apprentice?They got more hookers here than a congressional Christmas partyThere goes Letterman...get him!Michele Bachmann, to tell you how fickle politics are, she started out as the front-runner, and then Mitt Romney, and Newt Gingrich. [As Gingrich] Hey, its a revolving account at Tiffanys. Thats all I can tell you. And so she was-- and now shes not the front-runner. So when youre in trouble like that, as so many people do, they come to New York City to visit Donald Trump. Donald Trump. I said, Wait a minute. Theres a crack pots convention? What is it? What the hell is going on? So they met, Trump and Michele Bachmann and he was confused and he looked at her and he said, Youre fired!Do you like Mitt Romney? Do you know who Im talking about when I say Mitt Romney? Do you like presidential trivia? If he is elected President of the United States, he will be the first President named Mitt. You can look that up. But ? and I didnt want to say this and Ive been keeping my eye on the guy even his advisers tell me that hes a little dull. Mitt Romney, you have seen the guy, just a little dull, a little boring. He looks like the crooked banker on a soap opera. Even in high school he was dull. His nickname ? listen to this, his nickname in high school was Nickname to Come.Do you know anything about Herman Cain? Nobody does. Hes a pizza baron, owns a pizza thing around the world and has millions and millions of dollars. Hes the only one of these goons with an economic plan. It is the 9-9-9 plan. He said if you support it, starting today, if you buy into his 9-9-9 plan, hell throw in a free 32-ounce soda.How about bronco Rick Perry running for President. That guy, huh? I never heard this before. I heard a lot of things in politics and weve seen a lot of odd things, Rick Perry is the first potential candidate Ive ever heard say hes not doing well because hes sleepy. Yeah, so when you go into the poll place you vote for the sleepy one. Who is the guy that needs a nap? Oh, yeah, there you go. He said hes not doing well because hes sleepy. We criticize George W. Bush a lot, and maybe unfairly. Ill tell you one thing he was very disciplined about was getting his eight years of sleep.Boy, that Gadhafi thing, its kind of exciting, isnt it? And you know now people, and I dont know who these people are, they are saying well, he was executed without a trial. Oh. What will we do now? Governor of Texas Rick Perry said Hell, Ive been doing that for years!Rick Perry wants to be the Republican nominee for President. Hes now saying he thinks that Barack Obamas birth certificate is fake. I mean lets face it, it always works. Genius strategy, isnt it? You know, Id like to get a good look at his drivers license. I think he may have faked his drivers license.The guy they think who actually shot Moammar was wearing a Yankees cap. Seems about right, doesnt it? If hed been wearing a Boston Red Sox cap he probably would have missed.Top Ten Things Gadhafi Wants To Say From HellTweet me if Chaz wins Dancing with the StarsHow is it that everything is hot down here except the [bleep] damn coffee?Remember folks, when you want a long-lasting fire with that great smoky taste, buy Kingsford, the official charcoal of Hell.How did the Colts do last night?Why is Jack Lalanne here?Yes, its hot. But its a dry heatIf you think its hot down here, wait til you see the sizzling Salma Hayek on Letterman tonightHomicidal reign of terror? For that you go to hell?Osama says Hello.You know, theyre talking about pulling all of the troops out of Iraq. That would be good, huh? I think theyre talking about by the first of the year, something like that. But Obamas critics, critics of the President are saying if we do that, if we bring all of the United States troops home from Iraq that Iraq will descend into chaos. And I thought, Well, thats got to be an improvement.And Rick Perry. Rick Shoot Em Up Perry, he started out like a ball of fire from Texas and then he started to drop and now hes retooling. Hes adding advisors to his campaign team. This guy had advisors? Really? Advisors? Hes got his new tax plan. Heres his new tax plan. He said he puts it on a 5 x 7 card, thats all it is, very simple and hes going lower taxes for the wealthy. Thats his new plan. Lower taxes for the wealthy. Yeah, now heres a guy who could read the mood of the nation, you know? The wealthy! Yeah, I wish the wealthy were wealthier! Lets lower their taxes. Good idea, Rick. And then Rick Perry accused Mitt Romney of hiring illegal aliens to work on his hair.Top Ten Details Of Rick Perrys Tax PlanHunting camps with offensive names are tax exemptIts covered in rib sauceLets people choose regular tax, flat tax or el muy calienteIts called the 9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 planThe obese pay an additional 3% per chinFree dance lessonsNot sure, honestly when this guy speaks I have no idea what the hell hes talking aboutAll tax refunds now go directly to the ChinesePunishment for filing late? Lethal injection.Texas governor, Rick Turn on the Juice Perry. Heres a guy who wants to be President of the United States. And a couple of years ago, he thought Texas should secede from the United States. But now he wants to be President of the United States. Interesting ideological combination, but hes now saying hes behind in the polls and hes not taking it well. Hes really not taking it well. Hes dropped in the polls. Today he executed his pollster.Hey, celebrity birthday, Hillary Clinton, Secretary of State, 64-years-old today. Happy birthday. Today, Donald Trump demanded to see her birth certificate. But if you want to get Hillary Clinton a gift and by God, why not? I mean, heres a woman who really has been working 24/7, flying around the world, mediating and meeting and trying to put together deals and brokering peace, and if you want to get the Secretary of State a nice gift, why not? You know you cant go wrong just go to Bobs Discount Pantsuits.Top Ten Things Overheard At Moammar Gadhafis FuneralIts a shame he didnt live long enough to promote himself above colonel.Is it too soon to hit on the buxom Ukrainian nurse?After the services, come back to the house for cake.Wheres his hot daughter Kim Khadafi?And now, a few words from Moammars closest friend, Loni Anderson.At least he died doing what he loved best, begging for mercy in a storm drain.Incoming!Nice of Leno to send flowersLets bury this [bleep].Michele Bachmann, she started out like a house of fire, everybody said Oh, lets go. This is going to be great. She could be the President. And now her advisors have left. You can believe that? I mean youre saying she had advisors? One of her advisors wanted to stay but Curly and Larry talked him out of it.They buried Gadhafi in an unmarked grave, were you aware of this? Well, of course, it what had to be unmarked. Nobody knows how to spell his name, thats why.Anybody caught in the big snowstorm? The big blizzard? Now its so cold. You know how cold it is in New York City? Its so cold Moammar Gadhafi is happy to be in Hell.Would you folks vote for Herman Cain now? My God, I would. I would. I like his campaign manager. ... I like that guy. Cant get enough of that guy. Hey, were going to take the country back. Were going to make the United States safe to smoke.So now Herman Cain when he was the chairman of the National Restaurant Association back in the 90s is saying there was a claim of sexual harassment. I looked it up. You cant take this lightly. I looked it up. It was not a claim. Heres what happened. He was just listing the specials.You folks following the Republican run for the White House? Reminds me of the old days when I was a kid the circus would come to town. God bless Herman Cain. Would you vote for him? He has this singular distinction. He is the first candidate this year to use the word consensual.Ladies and gentlemen, heres good news from the White House. President Obama had his annual physical, his annual checkup, everything looks good. His cholesterol is down. Blood pressure, this is surprising. Blood pressure is down. Approval ratings, down. Obama is fit and eats healthy food and Fox News says that proves hes not a real American.Happy news from the home front. Eight years ago my son Harry was born. Happy birthday to Harry! I got a call earlier today from Donald Trump demanding to see his birth certificate.Oh, good news for all of us, President Obama had his annual White House physical and the doctors say that President Obama is in such great shape, hes in top physical condition of his life. They say hes in such good health that he can actually start smoking again.You know anything about Herman Cain the Republican front-runner? Ive seen all these Republican debates and Herman Cain is the only one who has any dynamism, the only one with any charisma. ... Here is a ball of fire and a bundle of energy and the front-runner for the Republicans. You know the tax idea 9-9-9? He had trouble with charges of sexual harassment. It turns out he was able to come up with the 9-9-9 tax plan after three German women turned him down.All the trouble began when Herman was the President of the National Restaurant Association, the NRA. I dont know. I thought it was a different deal. So three women from that time period when he was president of the NRA, have come forward and said he was acting in a peculiar way. Doing this sexual harassment. You know what it is, its like carry-on luggage, you really should only be allowed two.Herman was unaware that China is a nuclear power. He didnt know that China is a nuclear power. Been that way since 1964, had no idea China was a nuclear power. And I said to myself, Hey, Herman, how about making an unwanted advance on a history book?Do you like scientific news from outer space? Get ready, buddy because here it comes. Giant, giant asteroid speeding toward earth. Thats what NASA said. Speeding toward earth. But NASA is saying nothing to worry about. Im thinking Are you kidding me. These guys arent exactly rocket scientists you know. Or are they, I dont know. The giant asteroid is supposed to slam into earth by Tuesday, unless theres construction on the FDR and then they dont know. They just dont know. No surprise the giant asteroid that is speeding toward the planet being attracted by the gravitational force of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.Top Ten Signs Herman Cain is Losing It:Now smokes more than his campaign managerWas recently found hiding in a drainpipe with a golden gunKeeps asking voters if they want to touch his moustacheClaims Justin Bieber is his fatherCampaigning as his hilarious alter ego, Pee-Wee Herman CainJust paid a visit to Dr. Conrad MurraySpent last of campaign funds betting on the ColtsGave rambling, drunken speech ? oh, Im sorry, that was Rick PerryHes engaged to Kim Kardashian.Are you excited? Im so excited. You know about the giant asteroid? Well, Im glad you heard it from me first. Giant asteroid rocketing toward the earth. And this only happens like once in a century. Giant asteroid right on to earth. Only once in a century. Its so rare its like a guilty verdict from a LA jury. Its that rare.By the way, while you were applauding three more women have accused Herman Cain of improper behavior. Its just now getting silly. There are four women that have accused Republican candidate Herman Cain for President of vigorous and inappropriate groping. Vigorous and inappropriate groping. Nothing worse than a lethargic groping. If this guy isnt elected President he could always work at airport security.That Herman Cain. The problem is he starts out, we dont know anything about him, we get excited about him because the energy, this guy has tremendous energy and charisma and we find out theres skeletons in his closet. That happens all the time in politics. Ill tell you another, like Rick Perry, Governor of Texas. Hes got skeletons in his closets, honestly. These are actual skeletons. People hes executed.Top Ten Things A Candidate Doesnt Want to Hear On Election Day:You need to sober up for your concession speech.Youre running for office? Thats hilarious.There he is ? get him!Your wife and your mistress are both here to see you.Youre losing the red states and the blue states but youre doing okay in the lesser-known yellow states.If pets are allowed to vote, I think we have a shot at this thing.The only endorsements weve got: Silvio Berlusconi and Conrad Murray.Asteroid! Run for your lives!Gloria Allred, line one.How about that Herman Cain? Hes blaming all his scandals now-- and women are one after another, and Herman says, No, none of this is true, and its all being fermented by the Democratic machine. He said the Democratic machine is causing all his problems, paying women to come out and make these false accusations. The Democratic machine. And I said to myself, Oh, yeah, the well-oiled Democratic machine that lost 80 Congressional seats. That well-oiled Democratic machine. Of course thats whats going on.Herman Cain says he will not quit. He is going to stay in the race. You know what that means? Hell be gone in a week. But he emphatically denies all of the accusations, and he has even offered to take a lie detector test. Im telling you something, buddy. Youve drawn a line in the sand if you say, You know what? Ill take a lie detector test. That means something right there. Dick Cheney had to get his nose in it. You remember Dick Kaboom Cheney? ... He said, Forget the lie detector test. By God, lets waterboard him!Earlier tonight on television, another Republican debate. Boy, oh, boy. Yeah, buddy. I mean, Im telling you, those things will put you to sleep faster than Dr. Conrad Murray.Thank you very much for being here, everybody. What a wonderful audience. Thank God you people are here. I can feel it. What a lovely group of information. Thank you, and thank you again. Last night, oh, my God. The audience! Whoa! I dont know if they were dumb or ignorant. It was so quiet in the theater last night. Im telling you it was quieter here than dinner at Herman Cains house.Everybody still talking about Rick Perrys memory lapse. And he had three points he wanted to make and he couldnt. ... Remember a couple of months ago he had trouble remembering the name of his hunting camp. Do you remember that episode?I mean honest to God, Im ready if we have to sit through any more of these Republican debates, Im ready for a dictatorship. Oh my God. Last week they debated about the economy. This week its foreign policy. Next week, next week, movie trivia.How about that Herman Cain, you know? I mean fascinating guy. ... Im thinking Herman Cain doesnt get it. He brought a date to the debate. Did you know that? And he also says that hes in favor of waterboarding as long as it is consensual.And Newt Gingrich is doing very well, and Mitt Romney, both apparently tied and thats a tough decision. Its funny, Romney is the Mormon and Newt Gingrich is the one with three wives. Its odd.You folks been watching the Republicans debate? Pretty good, isnt it? They only got 50 or 60 more debates. And Rick Perry saying now hes going to uproot all three branches of the government. Hes going to uproot all three branches and I said, Okay, Rick, governor, you got a deal. You uproot all three branches of government and I will be happy to uproot my family and move to Canada.One by one the Republican candidate potentials have been shooting themselves in a foot making huge, horrible gaffes and they just look silly and its gotten so bad President Obama is now worried he may actually be reelected.Top Ten Thoughts That Went Through Herman Cains Mind During This Moment (Answering Libya Question)I told them politics was off limits.Maybe if I hold perfectly still everyone will think their DVRs are on pause.Why the hell am I in Milwaukee?Uh? 9-9-9?What would Rick Dees do?Im gonna be on YouTube!I should have called Bob Costas.These things are a lot funnier when they happen to Rick Perry.Well its been fun. See you in 2016!Have you been downtown to Zuccotti Park to see the protesters? ... Yeah, they went in there, a midnight raid, and the mayor rode in on his pet chihuahua. ... Heres how it works. No sleeping or camping in New York City parks. You understand what Im saying? No sleeping, no camping in New York City parks. Hooker, crack dealers, not a problem! Not a problem!Earlier this week, they kind of hushed it up, and now its coming to light, the White House, they found a bullet hole in the White House. Somebody, think about this for a second, somebody took a shot at the White House. Cheney, Cheney, Cheney. Oh, my God!You keeping track of the Republican debates? Theyre doing, like, a thousand debates, and they try to keep them interesting. And in a couple of weeks theyll be debating in the nude. Ill be there. And they have different topics for the debates. Last week it was the economy. Coming up it will be foreign policy. Next week, its Motown hits of the 60s.How about Newt Gingrich?. ... Now hes making a tremendous comeback. This could be the political story of the year. Newt Gingrich, the political story of the year. The year is 1996, but still, the political story.Congratulations to Newt Gingrich, People magazine named him sexiest Newt alive.Hillary Clinton visiting Manila in the Philippines and her motorcade was egged. Not so funny. Some Filipino punks egged her. Good thing she was wearing her Teflon pantsuit.I guess over the weekend, the President was gone out of the country, but a guy took a shot at the White House. Well they arrested the guy, they hunted him down and arrested the guy and they said What are you doing? He said, I thought I had a better shot at it than those Republican candidates.How about that Rick Perry, Governor of Texas? Hes very cutting edge, although he seems right of center. He announced today to satisfy environmentalists he is now using solar power. And this is brilliant thinking, this guy is a visionary-- using solar power to run the Texas electric chair.Well, they arrested another genius who was planting a bomb here in New York City. When you think about that, do you just think Oh, were scared! Or Oh, what a dumb ass? The guy was making homemade bombs. I think you know no argument there, the homemade ones are really still better. You get the store bought bombs, but Im telling you for my money, especially this time of year, you want the homemade bombs. And, so the guy was going to blow something up. So he was planning a dry rehearsal, a dry run, and I thought, Well jeez, thats just like our rehearsal before the bombing. Guess where he goes? He goes to Home Depot. He is able to get everything he needs to build a home at Home Depot. I mean, honest to God. when was the last time you found what you were looking for at Home Depot?Newt Gingrich is back, ladies and gentlemen, are you excited? Newt, you know, and its the same thing. Mitt Romney, you know, weve never had in the history of this great republic, never had a President named Mitt. And obviously the same would be true for Newt. So I mean Im pulling for both of them because that would be ground breaking stuff, wouldnt it? But Newt Gingrich says he wants to get rid of Social Security. Well, now wait a minute. Lets think about that. Who is more qualified to give this country financial advice than a guy who ran up a half-million dollar bill at Tiffanys?You know what happens this week at the White House? President Obama will pardon the turkeys. You know what they do? They put them out there on the lawn. And then the President chases them around, with a hatchet like hes going to-- and then at the last minute he pardons them. Unless, of course, theres always a chance the Republicans will step in and block that.Obama is having a pretty good year. If you think about it in certain terms and people forget about this. First bin Laden, did we forget a little something called bin Laden? Moammar Gadhafi, did we forget about him? Next, Robert Wagner.Top Ten Other Articles in the Al Qaeda Magazine:Sexist Mullah AliveTurn Your Boring Kaftan From Drab to Fab!Secrets to a Happier Arranged Marriage101 Steamy Waterboarding PositionsWhats the Right Shoe Bomb for You?2011 Motor Trend Camel of the YearAn Interview with the King of Cool, Haibib ClooneyBudget Friendly Ideas for Decorating Your Spider HoleLetterman Fatwa: What Took So Long?And another Republican debate earlier tonight. Has anybody seen any of the Republican debates? I mean when are they going to stop? I mean, this would be the very reason to call for a dictatorship, just to put an end to these. ... Newt was there, Mitt was there, Herman was there. Michele Bachmann was there checking coats.Newt wants to repeal child labor laws. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the man that we need to lead us into the 18th century.Top Ten Supercommittee Excuses:Got distracted by Congress new Donkey Kong machine.Wasted time trying on each others hairpieces.When your options are solve the national debt crisis or see the new Twilight movie, you see the new Twilight movie.Quit early to get in line for the Black Friday sale at Annie Sez.Its the curse of the chupacabra.Were assembling a special committee to come up with excuses.Its Robert Wagners fault.Hey, normally it takes us twice as long to get nothing done.President Santorum will figure it out.Heres a sign of the times. Goldman Sachs, the big bank that caused the collapse of the world economy, Goldman Sachs, those guys, you know who I am talking about? Those beady eyed weasels, those money-grubbing thugs, this time of year they set aside a cash amount for bonuses end of the year. $10 billion. Bob, dont go in there, thats where we keep the billion dollar bonuses. Dont go in there. Yeah, well, its nice to know that they got the message, isnt it?Hey, did you hear this. This is sad news. The post office is closing. Theyre closing. And I thought well that, on the one hand thats awful. On the other hand it will take the sting out of my hate mail.Herman Cain, remember Herman Cain? He suspended his campaign. He has asked the Secret Service if they could continue to provide him protection, at least until his wife cools off.Im telling you now, heres one good reason why its fun to be alive. Narrating or moderating the next Republican presidential debate, Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Apparently Pat Sajak was unavailable.How about Newt Gingrich, come on! Do you have a dose of Newt fever? You can get that from swimming in the Amazon. ... I like Newt because he looks like your dads old Army buddy, doesnt he a little bit? A little bit like that. And then he also looks-- have you seen that gout commercial? Where the guy is carrying a giant beaker of his uric acid? Newt reminds me of that guy.But they say that Newt is a tremendous negotiator, a tremendous debater. Well, you know, of course, hes got three ex-wives.Now Newt Gingrich today, today in New York City meeting with Donald Trump. Wait a minute, insiders say it was consensual.I guess you folks have heard by now that the post office is going away, its closing. Boy, if only there was some easy quick, cheap electronic way to communicate. I dont trust mail that hasnt been licked.I think finally some good news the astronomers have found another planet earth. Did you hear about this? Its just like this planet, its a little bit bigger and the temperature is a comfortable average 72 degrees. Almost identical to earth. One difference: There are fewer Dwayne Reeds. ... This new super earth is only 600 light years away. Yeah. If theres traffic, 700.And how about Herman Cain? The Hermanator? Oh, my God. Herman announced he was suspending his campaign. This was the quote he said I will not be silent and I will not go away. And then he stopped talking and left.Rod Blagojevich is going away. Fourteen years in prison. 14, you know who Im talking about? The former Governor of Illinois, 14 years. His barber got the death penalty. ... Heres how they broke it down. Fourteen years. Five years for corruption. Nine years for appearing on Celebrity Apprentice. Thats how it breaks down.Newt Gingrich did not make it on the most fascinating people list. Made it on another list of 2011-- most fascinating Newts. Hes in town putting on his annual Christmas spectacular. The Newt-Cracker. Thank you. Thank you very much. My eight-year-old son is writing some of these.Well, heres a sign that we discovered super earth and not a minute too soon. The next Republican debate will be moderated by Donald Trump. Donald Trump. And when I heard the news I said, What? Neil Patrick Harris wasnt available?Things are getting weird with the Republicans. Mitt Romney now said the gloves are coming off. Thats Mitt, tough guy Mitt. The gloves are coming off. And then Ron Paul said, My teeth are coming out!Top Ten Messages Left On Rod Blagojevichs Answering Machine:This is your hairstylist. Make sure to condition after each delousing.Do you want the cell closer to the espresso machine or the Jacuzzi?Congratulations, I heard youre going to Vail! Wait, oh, never mind.Hey, its your cellmate; do you like the top or the bottom?Oh sorry, I must have the wrong number. I was trying to reach Todd Blagojevich.Hey, its Dave. Tonights Top Ten List is about you. Nice Work.Its 2011. Why do you still have an answering machine?This is President Obama. Im granting you a full pardon. No, Im just screwing with you.Its the warden. The inmates are asking how much you want for your seat.Mistletoe. Do you like mistletoe? Its everywhere, be careful and its deadly, poisonous. Dont eat the mistletoe. But as a matter of fact, Rob Blagojevich, former Governor of Illinois stood under some earlier today and kissed 14 years good-bye.They have discovered a planet just like earth, 600 light-years away and they are calling it Super Earth. Super Earth, exactly like-- well, its a little different. They have affordable housing and better schools but other than that, its just like earth.Governor Chris Christie who for a while looked like he might be one of the Republican candidates for President, he was at an event and he was heckled. They heckled him. And I thought, Now wait a minute, when is the last time Governor Christie was heckled? It was a bunch of people waiting behind him in line at a Golden Coral.Newt Gingrich is getting cocky because his poll numbers are surging. Hes so cocky that he is already preparing his concession speech for November. Thats how confident hes getting.I look at Newt and I think this guy is one hunting accident away from being Dick Cheney.Listen, you know the former governor from Chicago, Rod Blagojevich? Hes been sentenced to 14 years, going away 14 years. ... Heres the thing, a lot of people forget about this, Rod Blagojevich when he was Governor of Illinois was trying to sell the Senate seat that was left open when Barack Obama ran for President. And thats what got him into trouble, trying to sell that. And I thought, I wonder if Obama would like to sell the seat hes in now? I dont know. He might be, Make me an offer.Part of the deal about Illinois, if youre the governor, youll go to Federal penitentiary. Thats just part of the deal. As a matter of fact, its the only state where the current governor rides around in a car with a license plate made by a previous governor. Its a rich, colorful tradition.More good news for Newt Gingrich. Earlier today, he was endorsed by the voices in Glenn Becks head.And Ron Paul, I mean well God bless the guy, we like the guy, we dont know anything about the guy. He looks like one of your old relatives. The guy that keeps sending you the blank emails.But now the next Republican debate will be hosted and moderated by Donald Trump. Apparently they couldnt get Bob Barker.Poor President Obama. You know, mistakes are going to happen. I mean you cant be perfect when youre the President because the demands are incredible. ... So they light the big Christmas tree and bring it in. They go out to Pennsylvania and pay some old man and his wife 40 bucks and they cut down a tree. And then they bring it to Washington and they put it up. And then at some point during the holidays Chuck Schumer brings it in the trunk of his Buick, the White House menorah. So because the Obamas are going to be on vacation for the holidays, he said, Lets just go ahead and light up the menorah now. And it turns out that the timing was completely wrong. Theyre off by a couple of weeks. .. Now people are saying, Wait a minute, youre telling me you cant look at the calendar and get the right day for lighting the menorah? ... So sometimes this will happen, especially if you have a non-Jewish President. And I think weve had a few of those.Michele Bachmann still in the race for the nomination. Shes picking running mates, Michele Bachmann picking running mates now. You know, thats like the Colts picking out Super Bowl rings.How about that Mitt Romney? ... Mitt says if he is President he will create 11 million new jobs. Sure, theyll all be in China, but still a job is a job, ladies and gentlemen.Top Ten Signs The Candidates Have Debate FatigueMichele Bachmanns trying to get her husband to pray away the tedium.Newt Gingrich opened a revolving account with Sleepys.When asked a question, they all keep texting and mutter, Uh-huh, uh-huh.Last night, Romney challenged Perry to a $10,000 game of Words with Friends.Ron Pauls fake eyebrows are twitching.Theme of next debate: Who Cares?Jon Huntsman tried to ... Wait. Who the hell is Jon Huntsman?They all walk around dazed and miserable. Its like working here.At last debate, Rick Perry dropped his pants and said, Debate my ass!You know Donald Trump? ... He was going to host the big Republican debate, and the Republican debates they do one a week. Theyre doing like 50 or 60 Republican debates. And Trump said, Okay, Im going to host one. And people started dropping out. They dropped out. They didnt want any part of Trump hosting the Republican debate. He announced that hes not hosting that debate, Trump. Well, I guess thats the last well hear of him. ... Seriously, what a blow to the debates. Honest to God, no Donald. Where are they going to find another pompous blowhard?A campaign staffer on the Newt Gingrich campaign was fired because he was making negative comments about Mormons. I thought, Wait a minute, isnt Newt in favor of multiple wives? I mean, honest to God. I think Newt Gingrich has had three wives. Let me see, yup, one for each chin.Top Ten Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Demands For Returning Our Drone:We want the hikers backMore skin on The Good WifeA Derek Jeter one night standTickets to Late Night With Jimmy FallonFire Norv TurnerJust a little R-E-S-P-E-C-TDinner for two at Del Friscos Double Eagle SteakhousePermission to play Words with Friends on All American Airlines FlightsBring back Regis.Last night Barbara Walters had her Ten Most Fascinating People of 2011. And you know who was one? Donald Trump. And by fascinating, Barbara means a self-promoting gas bag, but what a show. Dont kid yourselves. Its been a big year for Donald Trump. This year that thing on his head won a cat show.Well, the Republicans, boy, have you been following the Republican presidential hopefuls? Its exciting, isnt it? Its palpable, the heat coming off these people. I mean when you watch them you cant sit too close to the TV because its just, Oh honey, bring me the lead apron. Ooh.The war in Iraq finally over. Thank God. Think about this, nine years ago when we invaded Iraq it was a lawless, divided nation on the verge of chaos and collapse, and today, well, today, its Pasadena. Its a wonderland. Everything is fine. Im buying a place there. I called Century 21. The war lasted nine years, nine years. Let me give you an idea how long that is, nine years-- thats 46 Kardashian marriages. We succeeded in establishing democracy in Iraq, and now, if only we could get one here.Donald Trump ... He is saying now that he will probably run for President again. I mean we went through this. Last year he said he was going to run for President and then he didnt run for President. But this time he may be serious because I understand he has demanded to see his own birth certificate.That Newt Gingrich, how about that guy? He is demanding that that judges be arrested. Hes threatening that we could arrest judges and I thought Whoa, thats what two divorces will do for you.Top Ten Things Mitt Romney Would Like To Say To The American People: [Read by Mitt Romney]Whats up gangstas? Its the M-I-Double-Tizzle.I have no proof, but I have a feeling Canada is planning something.Actually, Im only here to meet Tom Cruise.Live from New York, its Saturday night!My new cologne is now available at Macys. Its Mitt-stified.I just used all my campaign money to buy a zoo with Matt Damon.I can do a lot, but even I cant fix the Indianapolis Colts.Newt Gingrich? Really?Its a hairpiece.I dont know if you heard about this, but a couple of weeks ago Barack Obama because he was going to be out of town he decided that he would light up a menorah, like three weeks ago. Well, it had nothing to do with Hanukkah. Its like putting up a Christmas tree in April.Kim Jong-Il ... the family is saying now, and it happens from time to time at a funeral, in lieu of flowers for Kim Jong-Il they encourage you to send the enriched uranium.Top Ten Items On Kim Jong-Uns To Do List:Fix leaky water-torture pipe in dungeonPromote his new regime on The Wendy Williams ShowLight palace menorah for the first day of HanukkahTake a vacation at his ranch in Crawford, TexasFloss more (Its on everybodys to do list, but we never get around to it, do we folks?)Do some freestyle pickingWatch monkeys riding dogsBuy a zoo with Matt DamonObligatory meeting with Donald Trump.You probably know this, hated dictator, evil dictator Kim Jong-Il passed away a couple of days ago. ... Three million people showed up at his funeral, three million people. It proves the old adage, you give the people what they want and they turn out in droves. ... But he was so beloved by the people of North Korea, they put him in the glass sarcophagus, and it was bulletproof.President Barack Obama had time to go shopping. And I think thats a good sign, we see hes just one of the guys. He goes out, he does some shopping. Now he took the entire White House Press Corps with him, but still hes out there boosting the economy. You know, the Chinese economy but still, hes doing what he can, ladies and gentlemen. And at the end, like they have you sign the credit card thing and it was a big deal. He used 15 different pens ... then he took his dog Bo to Petco and bought him a new flea collar and coincidently Newt Gingrich brought his dog to Tiffanys and bought him a diamond muzzle.Congressman Barney Frank has done a wonderful job representing Massachusetts down there in Washington. If you are thinking about getting something for him, he could always use another bra.Kim Jong Il, the evil murdering dictator of North Korea, passed away. I think we have a shot of him. See what this is. This is a glass, a sarcophagus and he was beloved by millions of fellow North Koreans, and so beloved that its bullet-proof glass. They would come in and take a couple of shots and riddle the corpse. ... But what happened there was a lot of grief and hysteria and it was all fake when this guy died. Because they are scared of him. He is just a schmuck. They were scared silly of the guy. It was like when Regis retired, remember?Top Ten Signs It Might Be Time To End Your Presidential Campaign:Most influential supporter is some drunk guy from British Columbia.Still arent sure what the hell a caucus is.Began last speech with, As I look out at all these empty chairs.People refer to you as Mitt Romney without the charisma.Last campaign ad showed you curled up on the shower floor crying.Instead of Iowa youve been campaigning in Idaho.At the last debate, all you said was, Whatevs.Your mom keeps reminding you that if this President thing doesnt work out, your uncle Phil has a job for you at his carpet store.Chief of staff spent the weekend in Los Angeles setting car fires.By the way, this just in, ladies and gentlemen. As I was coming out here, CBS News has predicted the winner the Iowa Republican caucuses: President Obama.I mean its like we dont know how to run an election in this country. Already controversy with the Iowa caucuses, you know what Im talking about? About a half hour ago they found eight more votes for Al Gore.So anyway the results of the Iowa caucuses, Michele Bachmann is out. I dont think her husband is.How about that Rick Santorum? He came in second because Rick Santorum is the anti-Romney. Wait a minute. I thought Mitt Romney was the anti-Romney. ... Romney has changed positions so many times hes planning to run attack ads against himself.Rick Perry got himself beat up pretty bad in Iowa. Hes going to South Carolina and start taking care of business down there and he says the three things that he needs to concentrate on to rebuild this campaign: financing, got to have financing, very expensive to run. Voter support got to have your voter support and number three, whoops. He still cant remember number three.Top Ten Surprises At Michele Bachmanns Press Conference:Gave repeated shout-outs to the Los Angeles car arsonist.After a brief introduction, spent fifteen minutes Tebowing.Said she successfully prayed her campaign away.Shared several inspirational quotes from Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked.Announced plans to bet remaining campaign funds on the Packers to win the Super Bowl.Said shes leaving Marcus for the lead guitarist of Journey.Revealed shes the latest wacky character played by Sacha Baron Cohen.Showed her full-body dragon tattoo.Ended with See you losers at the truck stop.You folks ever watch the show Celebrity Apprentice? They announced the new contestants. We have a former talk show host; one of the contestants is a former American Idol loser. We have a former Miss Michigan. We have a Las Vegas magician and oh no, no, no, Im sorry, those are the Republican candidates for President.Beautiful day here in New York City, Dont you think? Beautiful. Mild, mild like a Mitt Romney rally.Michele Bachmann who wanted to be President, lovely woman, born in Iowa, I guess. Wanted to be President and she quit. She said shes not going to run any more. Shes tired. The last day of the campaign there in Iowa her husband, Marcus, you know Marcus, he went out the last day of the campaign he went out and bought sunglasses for their dog. I mean every womans dream. I mean really? You take the poodle into Lenscrafters? When Rick Santorum heard about this he went out and bought his dog a sweater vest.Top Ten Signs Newt Gingrich Is Losing It:Since Losing Iowa, hes married and divorced eight different women.Has EMTs standing by at all times.Quit campaign to buy zoo with Matt Damon ? still in theaters, people.When he hears the word caucus drops his pants and says, Ill show you a caucus!In every speech, he attacks Walter Mondale.His New Years resolution? Be doughiest man he can be.Makes cameo appearance in Casey Anthonys new video blog.Losing it? When did he ever have it?Claims he was born in Kenya.Have you been following the Republican nominee race? Fascinating. How about that Newt Gingrich? First of all it would be great fun and I believe this never happened before, to have a President named Newt. I mean, I could really get behind that. He had a horrible week in the Iowa caucuses. Listen to this, only 13% of his ex-wives voted for him.And then of course Ron Paul, do you know about Ron Paul? Ron Paul looks like the kind of guy you keep overnight for observation.Rick Perry decided he would stay in the race so there is still plenty of time not to vote for him. And he did so badly in Iowa and was so depressed, so Rick Perry went back to Texas and he was feeling bad and you know, he had not -- you know, you blame yourself for things like that. He decided that he needed something to cheer him up, put him back on his feet, so he executed a guy.Mitt Romney. Were all excited about Mitt Romney. Over the weekend, he said that he enjoyed firing people. Yeah! Way to connect with the middle class there, Mitt. Turns out Mitt Romney is Mexican, did you know that? His entire family is from Mexico. Not only that, he was the Lone Ranger. Did you realize he was the Lone Ranger? Yup, and he was once married to Elizabeth Taylor. But mostly hes Mexican. Thats all you need to know.And then we have Ron Paul. Ron Paul who says that he has a big youth following. That the kids love him. They love the Ron Paul candidate. And I mean you can tell by looking at the guy hes a regular Justin Bieber. But he looks like everybody they interview after a UFO sighting, doesnt he?Ron Paul. And what about his wife? You ever see Ron Pauls wife? Does anybody ever see Ron Pauls wife, no, you never see his wife. And Ill tell you why. Shes at the factory making those fish sticks. Thats why you never see her; shes making those fish sticks at the factory.President Obama cutting back on the defense budget. You know the Pentagon. Next month, the rectangle.Mitt got himself in a lot of trouble. You have to be careful in politics; you say things you get in to trouble. Over the weekend he said that he liked to fire people. You know, I thought, Well theres a pretty good message to send to Middle America. Then when Rick Perry heard that he said, Well thats nothing; I like to execute people.Ladies and gentlemen a shout out to our own network earlier the network hosted the Peoples Choice Awards. You know who won? Ron Paul was the big winner at the Peoples Choice Award. Yeah. Very special category. He won for Best Geezer.Mitt Romney getting up a head of steam wins in New Hampshire. If we were going to vote for a new President and you were going to vote for a Republican President and the polls were open today, would you vote for Mitt Romney? Please, ladies and gentlemen stay seated, Im telling you, you dont want anybody hurt. Dont stampede the stage. Mitt-mania. They have to release some sort of sleeping gas. Yeah, Mitt. Im having trouble warming up to Mitt he looks like the guy in the restaurant that comes to your table to make sure everythings all right.And Mitt won last night and went crazy. You dont think of Mitt going crazy but he went crazy and insiders tell me when they announced and the polls closed and he was the big winner, list, he busted open a can of caffeine-free Diet Coke.Well, of course the big rap that has got everybody talking about Mitt Romney is that when he travels he straps his dog to the roof of the car. Did you know about that? And now Newt Gingrich is on the attack. And hes saying Yeah, well, I used to do that with my first wife.Hey, you know who is no longer in the race, Im kind of going to miss him, is Jon Huntsman. Hes the ... there were two Mormon candidates, Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman. Jon Huntsman is the Mormon who believes a dog should ride inside a car. Hes gone. Hes out.Top Ten Things People Said When They Heard That Jon Huntsman Was Dropping Out Of The Race:Is he the rich boring white guy, or the other rich boring white guy?Seriously, whos Jon Huntsman?You mean my tax attorney? Oh wait, thats Stan Huntsman.Does this mean we can bring Herman Cain back? That guy was hilarious.So, that leaves only four viable candidates, plus Rick Perry.Its like Jon Huntsman said ... Well, actually, I have no idea what he said.Hey honey, some guy Ive never heard of is dropping out of the race.He should have Tebowed more.Now whos gonna lose to Obama in the general election?But theres some bad news for Mitt Romney today. Standard & Poors downgraded him from bland to boring.I dont know why this hasnt gotten a bigger deal. When Mitt travels, he travels a lot as a politician, and whatever else he did. He would always travel. And they would take the dog, a family dog, and you know when youre traveling, room is really at a premium in the car. So they would put the dog on the roof of the car. And theyd load it all up, and the dog would be strapped to the roof of the car and hed drive around and people would say, You cant be doing that. And Newt Gingrich said, Yeah, I did that once with an ex-wife. So, you know, to me any guy who is tying his animal to the roof of the car, and then he hops on I-95 doing 80, well, I dont want that guy running for President. Do you, really? Forget the car seat, Hey kids!Now heres something about politics. Its the conflict and the confusion is both befuddling and entertaining. You know what happened now, they did a recount in Iowa. ... And everybody thought that Mitt Romney was the big Iowa caucus winner. No, he didnt win. It turns out after the recount Rick Santorum won the Iowa caucuses. You folks know what this means? Neither do I. I have no idea. ... Good for Rick Santorum. What, hes like President of Iowa now? Good for him. Who cares?Newt Gingrich is the guy who has been married six, seven times. And now his ex-wife is giving an interview talking all about Newt and apparently shes bitter and angry. One of the ex-wives. I dont know, is it number two? Have they gotten to Roman numerals yet on his ex-wives? And Newt is defensive. Hes saying Oh, shes just angry because when we traveled I would strap her to the roof of the car and-You know whose wife you never see is Ron Paul, the guy that looks like the prospector. Every time you see him youre just waiting for him to say Dag nabbit, a mule stepped on my foot, dag nabbit. You never see his wife because shes of course busy at the fish stick factory.Top Ten Revelations In The Interview With Newt Gingrichs Ex-Wife:Their towels were monogrammed His and Current WifesNewt has a revolving account at Dairy QueenHe never leaves home without a set of blank divorce papersHe was born in KenyaIn college he broke into a primate testing facility and was scratched by an infectious rhesus monkeyLike a boa constrictor, he squeezes his food to death and swallows it wholeNewt was once briefly married to Kris HumphriesHis body is featured in Jenny Craig Before photosOnce had sex with a vending machine.Were getting ready now for President Barack Obamas campaign and State of the Union Address coming up pretty soon. And he wants to remind Americans, and this is pretty impressive when you start listing things Barack Obama has taken care of. Bin Laden, adios. Bin Laden. Gadhafi. Gadhafi, bye-bye, no more, thank you. Regis is gone. So thats something. Oh! We almost got Robert Wagner, but no.President Barack Obama was down there addressing some dignitaries at Disney World. Big day for Disney World. They even put the pants on Donald Duck.Happy birthday to former Vice President of the United States Dick Boom Boom Cheney. Happy birthday, Dick. ... They had a nice party for Dick Cheney. Only three people were wounded when he shot out the candles.Newt wants to colonize the moon. He says that what we need to do -- and he may be on to something here. He is says if hes elected President he will start building a colony on the moon. And I said, Well hell, if Newt Gingrich is President Im going to the colony on the moon!Did you see the pictures of Mitt Romney doing his laundry, did you see that? Hes down there the laundry mat hes pouring in the softener and stuff. You know, he looks like the guy in your building that goes down there, takes your laundry out of the machine, puts his in. ... Yeah, Mitt Romney was doing his own laundry. He was down there doing his laundry. Trying to get the cognac stains out of his smoking jacket.They say that Mitt Romney now is outspending Newt Gingrich 5-1. ... But of course Newt is out marrying Mitt 3-1.Top Ten Other Newt Gingrich Big Ideas:More award showsNew iPhone App called Angry JowlsBan people from calling something awesome unless it actually inspires aweFill Grand Canyon with custard, rename it Grand CannoliDiapers on horsesYouve heard of the five-blade razor? How bout the six-blade razor?Free donutsEnd the decade-long conflict between Elton John and MadonnaOpen marriages for people named Newt.Well Newt says if hes elected he wants to build a colony on the moon. Going to build a colony on the moon. And people say, Well, not a bad idea but why? And he says I want to be the first American to get divorced on the moon.In my free time I go to eBay. You ever go to the eBay? ... Theyre selling an old car that President Obama owned when he lived in Illinois. Its a 2005 Chrysler. Registered in Kenya but still its a nice car. The car is a lot like Obama himself. The car runs well but doesnt have the power to pass anything.The other day Mitt Romney said hes not concerned about the very poor. And what he is talking about there, he means people making less than a million.Oh, you know what happened earlier today, Mitt Romney was endorsed by Donald Trump. You know what that means, ladies and gentlemen -- nothing.Did you know this, ladies and gentlemen; theyre building an escape tunnel at the White House? Were you aware of this? So President Obama, when the escape tunnel is done, he can just get in the tunnel and escape, and people are saying, Really? What? And I said, Hell, hes living with his mother-in-law! Come on, what do you think?Newt Gingrich, of course, took a thumping in Florida. He won big in South Carolina. Then he goes to Florida, and he gets knocked around. So hes off to Minnesota, Newts off to Minnesota. Mitts off to Colorado, and Ron Paul is off to the Sierra Nevadas to look for the lost Dutchman Mine.You know Newt Gingrich, Newt Gingrich, you know who I am talking about? There is something wrong with this guy. ... Newt Gingrich has criticized New York elites, New York elites who ride the subway. Yeah, one of those subway elites threw up on my pants this morning, Newt. Thats who were talking about, buddy. Last week I saw one of your New York elites taking a leak on the platform, Newt.Whos getting sick and tired of the Republican primary? Are you like me, you just dont care anymore? I dont care anymore. Are you like me? You dont give a damn? I dont give a damn anymore. Its too long, its too hard. We dont care. They keep having them damn primaries and Mitt Romney, hes getting confident. Do you like Mitt Romney? ... I like Mitt Romney. He looks like the guy on a package of underwear.Mitt Romney, heres a guy having trouble. When youre in politics you have to be careful of everything you say. You have to monitor every word, every punctuation. He said at some kind of a banquet for rich people he said he wasnt worried about poor people. He said he didnt care for poor people. Something like that. And people said, What? You dont care about poor people? So now hes backtracking and Mitt Romney is now saying he connects with poor people. Im Mitt Romney, I connect with poor people. Yeah, the same way Tom Brady connects with Wes Welker.Newt Gingrich says that people who ride on subways here in New York are the elite. I was on the subway today and one of the elites sitting next to me was smoking crack. One day the guy sitting next to me smelled so elite we all moved to the other car.Did you realize there were three primaries yesterday? It was like Missouri, Minnesota, and -- another state. I think it was Colorado. Mitt Romney lost all three of those primaries. Today, he begged Donald Trump to take back his endorsement. ... It was a big, big setback for the Mitt Romney campaign; even the very poor said they felt bad for him.That Mitt Romney, say what you will about the guy, but hes stiff. And people on the inside tell me that the first thing hes going to do when hes elected President, if that happens, hes going to outlaw casual Friday.Mitt Romney-- and I dont want to try to affect or influence people when they go into that voting booth, but just remember one thing: Mitt Romney is the guy that drives around with the dog on the roof of his car. I wont rest until PETA comes and puts the cuffs on this guy and drags him downtown screaming like a baby. I dont care how you vote. I dont care who you like, but were Americans, by God, and do we really want to be represented by a guy who for the rest of his life will be known as the maniac who strapped his dog to the roof of the Dodge station wagon and drove to Canada? No! You think the rest of the world hates us now?Rick Santorum was the big winner. He won yesterday, Colorado, Minnesota, also Missouri. Feeling very cocky. And thats when you get in trouble when you start feeling cocky. Rick Santorum already has ordered and is being fitted for an inaugural sweater vest.But I think Santorums victory proves that old adage about politics: give voters what they want. In this case, intolerance and homophobia.Mitt Romney, he loves Valentines Day. Today he sent a dozen long-stemmed red roses to his money.You know whos the hot Republican candidate right now? Rick Santorum. A few years ago I had to go away and spend some time in a Santorum. Im okay now.Rick Santorum. He looks like a guy running for student council, doesnt he? A little sweater vest.And then you have Newt Gingrich. Newt also is against same-sex marriage. Yeah. Well, actually, hes against same-marriage sex. Thats what it is. Thats the problem.How about that Rick Santorum? ... Theyre saying now it looks like the state of Michigan is swinging towards Rick Santorum. Yup. And I think if theres a word that best describes Rick Santorum it would be swinging.Theyre saying now that Rick Santorum is gaining momentum because hes not Romney. Hes not Romney and they told Romney and Mitt Romney was furious and he Well, I could do that.Then they had Newt Gingrich. You know Newt Gingrich, dont you? ... So anyway, Newt is at the zoo and they took him to see a panda and this is supposed to somehow in our minds let us know that Newt and China would be a good -- that he could interact with China because he gets along with a panda which comes from China. So if you saw the footage it was amazing. You think about it. This massive creature, nearly extinct, and then, of course, there was the panda.This is kind of a big deal. The border patrol seized, listen to this, a shipment of 10,000 unsafe hair dryers. ... Thank God, Mitt Romney didnt get his hands on one of those babies.Would you vote for Mitt Romney, would you? ... Yeah, hes sinking in the polls. Do you know what that is? That is the magic of a Donald Trump endorsement, right there ladies and gentlemen. Thats how that works.Ill tell you something right now. I know nothing about politics and I dont care. Here is what I know about politics. Weve got no money. Thats all I know. I dont know where it went; I think China has all our money. Im not sure. Thats all I know about politics but everybody when theres a campaign, when there is a race, a general election, like to think that they know. Listen to this. The band Megadeath, you know Megadeath. They now have endorsed Rick Santorum. I think Im going to wait and see who Metallica likes.You know Rick Santorum. It looks like hes running for student council. He has a slogan; the slogan is Fear the Sweater Vest. Because he always says the cute little sweater vests on. And its important; you have got to have a slogan. Ron Paul, you know Ron Paul. His slogan is Fear the Polly Grip.And Newt Gingrich, I mean, come on, hes up and down and up and down. ... Newt Gingrich called his staff and said, Am I in trouble? They said, Let me put it to you this way, Newt, you have more ex-wives than delegates.Top Ten Questions On The Application To Become A Mitt Romney Look-Alike:Does Mitt Romney look like you?True or False: You look like Mitt Romney.Do you not look like someone who doesnt look like Mitt Romney?If you wore a sombrero, would you look like Mitt Romney wearing a sombrero?What do you feel is your main qualification, other than a strong resemblance to Mitt Romney?During sex, does your wife ever yell out, Mitt Romney!?Do you know any fat, doughy guys who look like Newt Gingrich?Can you smile while driving with a dog strapped to the roof of your car?Do you mind being unemployed after November?Mitt Romney, you know how Mitt Romney celebrates Presidents Day? He straps his dog to the roof of a Lincoln.Listen, listen to this. Young people are jumping on the Ron Paul bandwagon. Now thats not a figure of speech. Ron Paul actually travels on a bandwagon.I dont know why this isnt a bigger issue. He [Romney] tied his damn dog to the roof of his car! George Washington, I cannot tell a lie. I cut down the cherry tree. Abe Lincoln freed the slaves. Mitt Romney, I tied my dog to the station wagon. Every time we have stupid pet tricks here I go outside and everybody from PETAs like, Hey, you cant do that! This guy ties his dog a car, to a Volvo, drives to Canada!And Newt, he was taking a look at the Chevy Volt. Hes talking about economy cars, small cars, he said only problem with that was you cant put a gun rack in it. Cant put a gun rack in a Chevy Volt. Mitt Romney said Who the hell cares as long as you can tie a dog to it?Rick Santorum, oh, man, like he was going to be something and now its kind of collapsed and hes got a new campaign slogan. Thats the key. You have to have a catchy campaign slogan. And his is Fear the Sweater Vest. Newt Gingrichs is Fear the Chins.The debate was in Arizona. And to appeal to Arizona voters Mitt Romney drove there with a coyote tied to the roof. True story.Top Ten Other Words To Describe Newt Gingrich:Exercise resistantNewtifulDumplingesqueDivorce-yBiscuit-huedJowl-tasticEwwwwwwNot single but looking to mingleHump.Rick Santorum, very conservative. Heres the deal. I figured this out. Mitt Romney has been the front-runner from day one but nobody likes Mitt Romney because hes not kooky enough. They want somebody kooky to be the President. Theyre looking for somebody kookier so Rick Santorum is a pretty good choice. He does not believe in birth control, does not believe in birth control. Does not believe in global warming. Does not believe in long sleeve sweaters. I mean, hes crazy, this guy. But the latest polls show Romney and Rick Santorum neck and neck. Neck and neck if you can believe that. Not to be confused with Newt Gingrich who is shown in the polls as chin to chin.Donald Trump endorsed Mitt Romney and I didnt realize, Donald Trump and Mitt Romney are apparently very good friends. As a matter of fact, Mitt lets that thing on Trumps head, you know that thing? He lets that ride around on the top of his car any time he wants! Any time he wants.Rick Santorum is looking better and better and better to me. He now claims hes against separation of church and state. Hes against separation of church and state. But hes not against separation of sweaters and sleeves.And now a guy, a very wealthy guy, a billionaire, a crazy billionaire is going to give Newt Gingrich $100 million. $100 million. And Newt Gingrich, his fire, his flame has all but extinguished. Hes so excited now hes saying Oh, man, a hundred million, now I can come pretty close to settling up my bill at Tiffanys.Rick Santorum, and oh man, hes given Mitt a run for his money. Hes saying the kids that go to college are snobs. Rick Santorum has a new program for children; its called Every Child Left Behind.If I had to vote right now I would be voting for Ron Paul. Who is with me on that? He reminds me of the guy thats always walking around the house with his robe open.Top Ten Other Things Mitt Romney Says He Likes About Michigan Trees:In a pinch, sap makes a great hair gel.Theyre also just the right width.Its fun hiring illegal immigrants to rake up their leaves.Theyre not gay like palm trees.They dont shed their foliage as quickly as those slutty Rhode Island trees.They look great next to my wifes Cadillacs.Trees dont whine when strapped to your car roof.Theyre not afraid to stand up to the auto industry.Like me, they lean whichever way the wind blows.Mitt Romney in his acceptance speech last night, his big winning speech in Michigan was very eloquent. He said, And now its on to Super Tuesday. And Newt Gingrich who apparently on paper is still in the race -- Newt Gingrich in his concession speech said, And now its on to Dancing With the Stars.It was certainly a close race there in Michigan, a real nail biter or, in Romneys case, a real manicure.But the campaign was close and a lot of people thought this is where Rick Santorum makes his move and dumps Mitt Romney in his home state. Well, it didnt happen and the campaign, if you know anything about Mitt Romney you know one thing, you know heres a guy who can get down with the best of them. I mean, he can get down. They went crazy celebrating. A friend of mine who was in campaign headquarters said Romney after they won, after the lights were turned off and people were going home, Mitt Romney, crazy old Mitt, took off his jacket and chugged a glass of tap water.Nobodys got any money and you know anything about the stock market? I know nothing about the stock market. And yesterday it nudged up over 13,000 points. 13,000 points. What? What? Oh, Im sorry; no that was New Jersey Governor Chris Christies cholesterol.Mitt Romney. This guy is on fire. People are suffering from Mitt mania and they just cant get enough of Mitt. He says he has been hurt by his rich boy image. He said, I have been hurt by my rich boy image. And then he put on his top hat and went to the Pelican Club.Rick Santorum doesnt think kids ought to go to college. And I think hes got a point. You know what this country needs, Rick, Im with you buddy on this, what this country needs is more self-taught doctors.Top Ten Names Of Romneys Or Arthropods:MiteMattMidgeTie: Ant/AnnTaggTickGrubScottThank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for that lovely welcome. That was about as sincere as a Rush Limbaugh apology. How about that Rush Limbaugh? I got to tell you something, it was nice for me to see somebody else apologizing for something for a change.Rick Santorum, and who would have thought three months ago that Rick Santorum had a shot at this? I still dont know who the guy is. And he wears the, he doesnt have the sleeves on his shirts. ... We actually endorsed him a couple of weeks because we think he would make the kookiest President. And hes now saying that teleprompters, teleprompters, those are the mechanical devices that allow people to read copy in front of a television camera ... Rick Santorum said teleprompters should be made illegal. I think well all sleep a little easier tonight. I remember when I was a kid some punks broke into my house with a teleprompter in the middle of the night and forced me to read the Declaration of Independence. Scary. Thank God theyre not going to outlaw cue cards because there would be no show here whatsoever.You all know Newt Gingrich. You know who Im talking about when I say Newt Gingrich. Newt is short for Newton. People say if thats the case, what is Mitt short for? Its short for Mittens. Newt Gingrich is searching now, hes so confident hell be the presidential candidate hes looking for a vice presidential running mate. Being Newt Gingrichs vice presidential running mate is like being a Kim Kardashian husband.And Mitt Romney, by the way, loves St. Patricks Day. Always dresses in green on St. Patricks Day. He wears his money.Top Ten Other Phrases Never Before Said By Mitt Romney:Ah, thats enough hair gel.This brisket is so good I could plotz.Man, The Late Show is hilarious tonight.Lets scour Craigslist for some free couches.I try to eat some cold cereal at the end of the day and a full tummy, and a long day puts me to bed.We cant lay people off, its Christmas!I think the dog would be more comfortable inside the car.Only if you insist, Ill sing.Tell the chef not to bother warming my nuts.Beautiful day today. Wasnt it a lovely day? Heres how nice it was on the Eastern Seaboard. Its such a beautiful day today that Mitt Romney was riding on the roof of his car.Im very excited because the First Lady, Michelle Obama is with us this evening. And were very proud, very happy to have her here. And whenever we have somebody of this importance, you get the Secret Service. And these guys dont like me. But let me just tell you something. Today security in this place is tighter than Chris Christies pants.Did you know they have presidential primaries in Puerto Rico? I didnt know that. But they do. And you know who won? Mitt won in Puerto Rico. And I said really? They dont know Mitt in Puerto Rico, do they? I said let me see the ballot. And so heres the Puerto Rican ballot. There, now look at this: El Loco, El Muy Loco, El Gordo, Mitt.(pointing out various audience members) Top Ten Things The Secret Service Learned About Tonights Audience:Just to be safe, this man always wears two pairs of pants.Likes to dress squirrels as historical figures.AOL chat room nickname: RealBradPitt.American Express Card Number: 3714 4963 5398 4311, expiration 12/14, security code 955.Great-granddaughter of Madonna.Known guinea pig smuggler.Middle name: Veronica.Briefly married to Newt Gingrich.Rush Limbaugh called this guy a slut.Rick Santorum said hes not worried about unemployment. Well, he will be in November.You know who Im talking about when I say Rod Blagojevich, former governor of Illinois? Its interesting, if you want to be governor of Illinois. Of course you have to run. You have to be in the campaign, and then you have to get elected and then you have to go to Federal prison. Its just part of their political tradition.You know whos a crazy guy? That Rick Santorum. Yeah, he wants to ban pornography now. Sure, go ahead and shut down pornography. Thats one of the few thriving industries America has left, by God.And you know what, you know John McCain, Senator from Arizona? His daughter, Megan, is going to be in the April issue of Playboy. Yup. Im just glad Johns not alive to see this.Former Vice President Dick Cheney has a brand-new heart, ladies and gentlemen. He got himself a heart transplant. The donor heart came from a traveling peasant, who lost his way in the middle of the night and ended up at Cheneys castle. Doctors say can he could live long enough to shoot another hunting buddy in the face.Hey, you know Dick Cheney? Hes had like five heart attacks and hes had a history of heart troubles. ... Well, over the weekend they gave him the heart transplant. Got a heart transplant and I said well, You know what? Finally all of those midnight trips to the graveyard with the hunchbacked assistant have paid off.But Cheney was talking to a reporter right after the surgery and he says he wants to live long enough to make sure nobody else gets healthcare. Thats his goal. And he said Before I die, I would like to shoot just one more hunting buddy.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Spending $50 On A Photo With Newt Gingrich:Should I just photograph myself burning $50?Do I look Newty enough?Should I just get a free photo of some other guy whos not going to be President?Do I have to touch him?Is this how Newt met his three wives?Seriously, have I lost my mind?Does Newt have to be in the photo?What would Rick Santorum think of this idea?Will Rush Limbaugh think Im a slut?Well, best wishes going out to Dick Cheney, former Vice President, Dick Cheney over the weekend had a heart transplant. Hes doing just fine, but you know what? The Dominoes guy is missing. Cheneys recuperating. Hes at home. A nice house, beautiful view over the village square where he can take a look at the peasants with their torches.The Supreme Court, theyre hearing arguments right now about the constitutionality of the healthcare, the Obama healthcare plan. Heres all I care about. Will the healthcare plan, will it cover my facelifts?Mitt Romney was a guest on The Tonight Show over there on NBC. I mean, its interesting, you know, you have an empty suit trying to please everyone, and then Romney comes out.Now heres something to put in the back of your head when are you going to your polling place if Rick Santorum gets the nomination. Hes bowling in Wisconsin, which is fine; I have no problem with either of those. Wisconsin I love, its the cheese land. And bowling, you cant go wrong with bowling. So theyre up there bowling and a little kid is bowling and he picked up a pink ball. And Rick Santorum says to the kid Oh no, son, dont use the pink ball, its not manly. Thats what Rick Santorum says to the kid -- this coming from a guy in a sweater vest.Just between you and me Newt Gingrich is broke. Got no money. Yup, how you can run a campaign for anything if you have no money? Money is the backbone of the American political system. You got to have money. ... He keeps firing campaign workers; Newt Gingrich keeps laying them off. And hes trying to run a national campaign for President. He laid-off his entire Canadian office.Top Ten Other Things Rick Santorum Thinks Are Bull [bleep]:No Shirt, No Shoes, No ServiceThe InternetDr. Phils medical degreeCorn shaped corn-holdersBritish Revolutionary War uniformsPoliticians using profanityGleeLetterman repeatedly playing this bull [bleep] videoSweaters with sleevesMitt Romney was endorsed by George H.W. Bush. Thats George Herbert Walker Bush. His son was the dumbbell. This is Herbert Walker Bush, has endorsed Mitt Romney now. Newt Gingrich, earlier today, was endorsed by Chef Boyardee.Rick Santorum was in Wisconsin bowling, and a little kid was also there bowling, and the little kid had a -- I guess a bowling ball for a kid that was pink. ... Rick Santorum said, Hey, kid. Thats not manly. Dont use a pink bowling ball. Thats not where you want to be on that one. Coming from this guy, really, from this guy?You know what happened over there on NBC today? The Today show? You know who was the guest co-host for the day? Sarah Palin. How about that? It was all part of their Half-Term Governors Week.Mitt Romney is trying to get female voters and Rick Santorum says What? Women can vote? Are you kidding me? What?So Friday is Passover and Sunday is Easter and today Mitt Romney ate a chocolate rabbi.Anybody here for the auto show? You go to the auto show. Its your chance to see today what car Mitt Romney will be strapping his dog to tomorrow.People think Mitt Romney has enough delegates to get the nomination. ... What he needs is a game changer of a vice presidential candidate. Thats what they say he needs. Got everything all lined up, all of the delegates. A game change for Vice President. I thought, Well, my God, that sure worked great four years ago.You know whos hosting the Today show on NBC? Yesterday morning? Sarah Palin. Half-term governor from Alaska and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin was the host of the Today show. Do you watch the Today show? Ill tell you something right now. You know my favorite segment on the Today show is this thing Where in the World is the Remote Control?Bad news for the Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie celebrating Easter, did you hear about this they rushed him to the hospital early Sunday morning with an impacted peep.Remember Dick Cheney, former Vice President? ... He invited the neighborhood kids to his castle for an organ hunt. Thats what happened. But heres the good news. Dick Cheney a couple of weeks ago had to go in, not feeling well, so they gave him a heart transplant, and doing fine. Doing fine. And when you have a heart transplant you get to keep the old heart ? and this weekend he and his wife made a lovely stew.Over the weekend Mitt Romney went body surfing. He has not body surfed, I think since the 90s when he starred on Baywatch. But Newt Gingrich also, what a coincidence, talk about a coincidence, also went body surfing, was harpooned. Did you know that? Actually harpooned.I was talking to a friend of mine whos a constitutional lawyer ... he said because the faith of whats his name ... Mitt Romney. Because Mitt Romney is a Mormon he can actually have several vice presidents. Did you know that?Top Ten Words Rarely Used To Describe Mitt Romney:Laugh a minuteNewtyThe Mormon Lenny KravitzPoor but honestSilver-haired sexplosionHoney-voicedSluttyFriend to Irish settersPresidentialGod help me but Im enjoying the big Secret Service scandal. Do you know what I am talking about? So the President has to go down to Cartagena and they send the Secret Service down there to check everything out and gosh darn wouldnt you know it they hire a bunch of hookers. And then I looked into it, here is what really happened. It turned out it was a frisking that got out of control. Thats all it was. Just a pat-down.The whole thing started there in this hotel and one of the Secret Service agents, he had this woman. And the deal was $300. That was the agreed on, and he gave her $30. And she went crazy. Im thinking, Wait a minute, I got no problem with a guy trying to save taxpayer dollars. I got no problem. But I want to tell you something, Im hot about this. Because these are jobs that should have gone to American hookers.Now listen to this. Dick Cheney said -- heres a guy that just got off the table. Dick Cheney says that President Obama is an unmitigated disaster as President. Unmitigated disaster as President. This coming from the guy who invaded the wrong country.In the wake of the Colombian prostitution scandal, another Secret Service agent has been removed from his position at the White House and demoted to protecting the animatronic Presidents at Disney World.I was watching Mitt Romney take a victory lap last night, and I was watching him, and I thought he gets a lot of criticism because hes kind of stiff. Hes sort of cold. Hes sort of aloof. And I thought, Lets look on the bright side of this. Mitt Romney, honest to God, I think is an inspiration to kids all over this country who sadly were born without a personality. I mean, the sky is the limit.Newt Gingrich is out of the race. Out of the race. Whos going to replace the excitement in the Republican Party now that Newts gone? But he said he made the decision after looking at his campaign realistically. Realistically? Really? Looking at it realistically what the hell were you doing in the race in the first place? Come on, Newt! Wake up! Holy crap. He had a long meeting. He made the decision after a long meeting. It was a closed door meeting. Newt Gingrich went in-- it was like a three, hour-four meeting, had a long, long meeting, talked it over with his chins.You folks know about the presidential race? Its very complicated. It started out there were like 38 possible Republican contenders. Now its all Mitt Romney. Its all his for the taking. Newt Gingrich, listen to this. Listen to the wording of this. Newt Gingrich says that next week he will announce that he is dropping out of the race. Isnt that already the announcement? If you say next week Ill announce Im dropping out of the race, what whats the point of having the announcement next week? Newt, have some hand sanitizer. Get a hold of yourself. Newt Gingrich out of the race. Thanks a lot, there goes my condo on the moon. When one of the potential candidates drops out of the race that benefits Mitt Romney. For example in this case Newt Gingrich drops out of the race and he will assign to Mitt Romney all of his chins.Big news, Mitt Romney-- maybe you heard this announcement-- is trying to appeal to Latinos. Apparently, Latinos and women are having trouble warming up to Mitt Romney, so hes doing more things to appeal to Latino voters. Today, listen to this, he tied a Chihuahua to the roof of his car.Newt Gingrich dropping out of the Republican race. And people are saying what will Newt Gingrich do? Well, hes going to catch up on Downton Abbey. Thats number one. And right now hes working on a half-hearted endorsement for Mitt Romney. So hes got his hands full.You know its the anniversary of Osama bin Laden. A year ago Osama bin Laden was killed. He was executed in Pakistan. ... And they say that Osama bin Laden would be alive today if his bodyguards hadnt been screwing around with hookers. Thats what they said.Top Ten Ways Mitt Romney Begins Conversations With Teens:Where do you summer?Do you fellows play sportball?Nice shirt. You know, my friend owns The Gap.You teens are just the right height.Check out my sick Windsor knot.Would you like to see my dancing horse?Raise the roof if your municipal bonds have reached maturity.Didnt I fire your father?I dont know how they calculate this but listen to this. Since Osama bin Laden was killed the brand name of Al Qaeda has been damaged. Think about that. Osama bin ladens death has damaged the brand Al Qaeda. That and poor customer service.You know whos in town today? Take a guess. Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney has not been in New York City since he used to anchor the Channel 7 news.Mitt Romney, you know who Im talking about, right? And it looks like hes going to be the Republican candidate for President. And if the election were today, would you vote for-- would you get out and vote for Mitt? Would you get out there and pull Mitts lever? Okay, Ill give you a second to think it over? Well, you know, the gripe about Mitt Romney is that hes stiff. Hes not an easygoing guy, he doesnt shoot from the hip. Hes kind of rigid and his wife-- who, by the way, is beautiful, Ann Romney-- or as I call her, Mrs. Mitt ? she recently said on a television interview inside Mitt is actually a wild and crazy guy. Now the problem is inside that wild and crazy guy is a man who is even duller than Mitt.Ill tell you how crazy Mitt Romney is. One time he was just absolutely went nuts, went to a Halloween party dressed as Mitt Romney. Thats how crazy he is.The President of the United States pulled one of those old things where he sneaks out in the middle of the night, heads to Afghanistan, shows up and surprises everybody. Now, lets be clear about something ? the President cant travel without security, so the Secret Service went ahead of him to negotiate with hookers.Top Ten Least Inspiring One Word Campaign SlogansDownSidewaysNeutralFutileBackwardFecklessLameRejectedErect.You know the famous painting The Scream, you know what I am talking about? Famous iconic painting of a guy screaming, well, sold for guess what, $120 million. I know, seems a little steep, doesnt it? But it comes with a lovely frame. I mean honest to God, it is a beauty. Yes. $120 million painting. Its going to look great in Mitt Romneys new beach house.The Republicans are upset because Barack Obama is going everywhere, telling people that he killed Osama bin Laden. And they are accusing him of spiking the football. Spiking the football. Thats what the Republicans are saying about Barack Obama and Osama bin Laden. He is spiking the football. Well, if you boys want football analogies the Republicans are 4th and 18 on their own five. How about that? There you go. A little something for you.President Obama visited Afghanistan. Did you hear about that? Unplanned, unannounced, just went right to Afghanistan. Not to be outdone, Mitt Romney...had an idea, and so he got in his car and he drove through the rough part of Beverly Hills.Mitts wife, Anne Romney, Mrs. Mitt, said theres another Mitt Romney that is wild and crazy. Another Mitt Romney that is wild and crazy. And I said, wait a minute, wilder than this one?Newt Gingrich has dropped out of the presidential race, ladies and gentlemen. ... Its sad now, Newt will not be able to fulfill his lifelong dream of losing by a landslide. So take that right off the table.Well, we have the incumbent, President Barack Obama and it looks like his Republican opposition will be Mitt Romney. The Mitten. Mitt Romney. And hes receiving endorsements now. Rick Santorum gave Mitt his endorsement. He e-mailed his endorsement at 11:00 at night and said Oh, before I go to bed, okay. So Mitt gets all of Rick Santorums delegates and all of his sweater vests.Now heres something I dont understand. Mitt Romney, it seemed to me at one point he said -- do you remember the big financial recession and the auto companies were going broke and I believe -- I thought Mitt Romney had said Let them go broke. He said. Let Detroit go broke and well figure something out after that. Now hes saying he single-handedly saved the auto industry. Thats what Mitt is saying now. Mitt Romney is saying I saved the auto industry. Yeah. And for the last 20 years Ive been hosting the Tonight Show, so there you go. Depends on how you look at it.Theyre looking for a Vice President for Mitt and I said Forget the Vice President, you ought to be looking for personality for Mitt.I hate to dampen everybodys spirit but they busted up another one of these exploding underpants plots. They go find a guy, Al Qaeda finds a dumb guy and say Listen, heres what we want you to do, hop on the next flight from Yemen to Detroit and put exploding devices, dynamite, explosives. There it is. In your underpants. Well, the first time that didnt work and then they busted up this one. I think the only guy whos had any luck with exploding underpants was Anthony Weiner. All I can say is thanks a lot underpants bombers because now at airport security we have to put our underpants in a tray. Honest to God.Well, we hear a lot of talk these days about Al Qaeda and how the membership and recruiting of Al Qaeda is sort of drying up. People are not as excited about signing up to be part of Al Qaeda as they used to be and I think one thing -- and far be it from me to tell terrorists about strategy -- I think membership started to subside when they went to the suicide bomber exploding underpants.Well, you know, its come down to Mitt Romney and Barack Obama and Romney is fighting his image that he has no personality and the reason for this, of course, is that he has no personality.Earlier today President Obama announced that he supports same-sex marriage, ladies and gentlemen. ... Obama announced new Cabinet position, Decorator of the Interior. ... President Obama further said there should be a ten-day waiting period before marrying a Kardashian.President Obama says that he supports same-sex marriage. Yeah. Not only that but hes going to turn his birth certificate into a musical.But Mitt Romney is kind of bragging about when he was a kid, he had a wild streak. Here is what it was. He was arrested and he launched his yacht and police noticed that the yacht didnt have like an identification number on it. So they arrested him. This guys a real Al Capone, isnt he? This guy is a one-man crime spree, am I right? And when this happened, when he was arrested think about this, Mitt was lead away in his bathing suit, dripping wet and in handcuffs. By God that ought to get him a couple of gay votes, dont you think?Top Ten Other Mitt Romney Offenses:Possession of more than four ounces of conditionerWas late paying sales tax for his dancing horsePresses every button before getting off his beach house car elevatorOnce wore corduroy with seersuckerVaccinations overdue for dog tied to roof of his carReckless blow-dryingGrand theft loaferButchering America the BeautifulInvoluntary dullness.Mitt Romney was arrested for disorderly conduct when he was in his 30s. Isnt that amazing? He was a high school bully in his 30s. And he would steal lunch money from the other kids and then he would invest it.Mitt Romney says that hes taking credit for bailing out the auto industry. Mitt Romney said he wanted to bail out-- he said hes taking credit for it. I remember when Mitt Romney said, Let them go bankrupt. But no, now, Mitt Romney is saying he bailed out the auto industry. Ladies and gentlemen, his damn dog has done more for the auto industry than Mitt Romney has done.Over the weekend Betty White endorsed Barack Obama. I think-- I think Im going to wait and here what Angela Lansbury has to say.Newsweek is calling President Obama our first gay President. Did you see that? First gay President. And I am no historian but I always thought our first gay President was Zachary Taylor.Hey, how about this, JPMorgan and those guys, they lost $2 billion in bad trades. I mean, they made bad investments. ... Like, for example, bad investments, those gay wedding chapels in North Carolina. Come on! What were they thinking?Mitt Romney presidential presumed nominee for President, Mitt Romney once lost $2 billion. $2 billion, then he found it in another pair of pants.Everybody saying Mitt Romney not a real guy, kind of stiff, like a cardboard cutout. Doesnt have the personality. Doesnt have that verve, that joie de vivre that everybody is looking for. We want a guy that is really a guy so now they are starting to dig up stuff on Mitt Romney. One time he was arrested for disorderly conduct and being a public nuisance. Remember that time when he was a kid? He had one of his hairs out of place. Another time he launched a boat without a license. They hauled him away in handcuffs and wet swimming trunks. And that should help the gay vote.Rush Limbaugh. Big fatty boy Rush Limbaugh. Big fat blow hard Rush Limbaugh. He says that President Obama is waging war on traditional marriage. I want to tell you something. Nobody loves traditional marriage more than Rush Limbaugh. Hes had four of them.You know theyre now saying in school Mitt Romney was bullying people. He doesnt remember bullying people in high school. So he would knock kids down and steal their lunch money and send it to the Cayman Islands. He doesnt remember any of that.You know, Ron Paul is out of the race, ladies and gentlemen. He notified supporters by e-mail. Thats the same way George Clooney breaks up with his girlfriends. Not surprising Ron Paul quit. Who could keep going at that white-hot pace?Here in New York city, they have a law now that if youre a police officer and you see somebody who looks suspicious, you can stop them and frisk them and I thought, Wait a minute, in New York City everybody looks suspicious what are you going to do, for Gods sake.George W. Bush, good old George W. Bush endorsed Mitt Romney. I understand George W. Bush coming out for Mitt Romney, because President Obama, if you think about it, has really done a terrible job of cleaning up the mess Bush made.It took a lot guts for George W. Bush to endorse Mitt Romney, it took a lot of guts to endorse the Mitt, the Mittster, especially when all the other candidates dropped out. It took a lot of guts to step forward and say, Ill tell you something-- Bush said not only does Romney have my support but he can also have my crooked Florida voting machines.Top Ten George W Bush Nicknames For Mitt Romney:RomboGovernor of MittsachusettsEl RomnitoBeef-A-RomneyMitt the PressRomnutsThe MormonatorRoof Doggy DogBain in the Ass.You know what, ladies and gentlemen, anybody got any money? Anybody got any money, folks? I got no money. And you know a couple of three years ago we went through the banks exploded and nobody had any money. And so now President Barack Obama has got to make his financial records public. Listen to this, Barack Obama, President of the United States lives in the White House. So we know hes not paying rent. Hes worth $8 million. Yup. So at least his economic recovery is on track.Mitt Romney hears Barack Obama is worth $8 million. And you know what Mitt Romney says, he goes Hell, I got that on me. One time Mitt Romney actually lost $8 million. Turned out he left it in his other pants.I was talking to Mitt Romney earlier today, and he and his family got a big two-day weekend plans. Theyre going to hike to the top of his money.According to Forbes magazine Mitt Romney has $230 million on him, on him. He has that on him, ladies and gentlemen. This guy has got so much money his wallet has a pullout handle and wheels.Remember Al Gore, the tubby Vice President? He has a new girlfriend. Congratulations, Al Gore has a new girlfriend. That is unless the Supreme Court takes her away from him.Top Ten Other Odd Presidential Auction ItemsHerbert Hoovers unpublished erotic thrillerWilliam Howard Tafts buffalo-hide SpanxGeorge W. Bushs collection of Dick Cheney partsRichard Nixons list of frenemiesJames A. Garfields hilarious illustrations of a lasagna-obsessed catVideo of Harry Trumans wedding nightPresident Obamas stickA misprinted campaign button reading, I Lick IkeLyndon Baines JohnsonWelcome to New York City. Now what you may not know about New York City is weve got a guy named Mayor Bloomberg who is the mayor. The only public official who has been in office longer than Mayor Bloomberg is Santa. And now, Mayor Bloomberg has outlawed smoking. Okay, well give him that one. We dont want people smoking. Outlawed salt; you cant have salt in your food. Outlawed transfats. Okay. Well, Ill give him that one too. We dont want transfats. You cant get giant sodas any more thanks to Mayor Bloomberg. Meth labs, not a problem. Handguns. Not a problem. Manholes belching radioactive steam? Not a problem.Miss Rhode Island is the new Miss USA, ladies and gentlemen. So, congratulations to Miss USA. Today Donald Trump demanded to see her birth certificate.Hey, guess whos gay? Thats right. The Green Lantern from the comic books. Green Lantern. And today, Mitt Romney knocked him down and shaved his head.Top Ten Fun Facts About Gardening [Read By First Lady Michelle Obama]Plant avocado, tomato, onions and cilantro together ? grow a guacamole tree.Eggplants were originally cultivated for use as doorstops.In his lifetime, the average American will eat half a radish.The largest zucchini ever grown contained a Starbucks.Later this year, the Supreme Court will finally rule on Tomato Vs Tomahto.If you have an actual green thumb, it might be scurvy.Lettuce is 96% water and 4% lettuce.The White House tool shed contains shovels, trowels, and Weed Whacker One.With enough care and effort, you can grow your own Barack-oli.The Defense Department announced that Al Qaedas number-two man -- and that is a job that they keep having to fill over and over and over again -- because the second they bump number three up to number two -- bingo! Adios. But the... guys name is Abu Yahya al-Libi and he was taken out by a drone. And who says Obama isnt creating new jobs?Top Ten Subject Lines Of Emails Received By Mitt Romney:Newt here, re: the VP job.Reminder: Its been over a month since youve purchased a Cadillac.Confirming your 2:30, 5:30 and 9 oclock haircuts.20% off at beach-house-car-elevators.com.Nice slacks, bro.Your Marie Osmond tickets have shipped.Its Newt ? Are you getting my messages?If I vote for you, can I ride on your dancing horse?Warning: Youre hacked password is about to expire.Now, Mayor Bloomberg has outlawed, banned giant cans of soda, giant soda, ladies and gentlemen. People, when you outlaw stuff it creates crime. You know that, right? I saw a guy today hes walking down the street and a cop is arresting him because hes got a huge soda and he said No, no, this is medicinal Mountain Dew, I can have it. I can have this.Well, it happened again, you know, in Al Qaeda theyre in trouble because after we got rid of Osama bin Laden then they keep moving number two guy up. And so if you are number two, I mean your days are numbered. A drone hit the new number two. ... And Im telling you, these Al Qaeda leaders, they dont last as long as a Kardashian marriage, you know?You know, heres a guy I forgot about, Ron Paul, you know Ron Paul and then his, yeah, hes still running somewhere. And his son now has endorsed Mitt Romney. So, Ron Pauls son is a senator from Kentucky -- had him on the show. And hes now endorsing, instead of his father, hes endorsing -- I said, Ouch when  I know how it feels. My son watches Jay.Now, they keep telling us that Mitt Romney is not the stiff, lack of personality. You know, a lot of people say that the guy has no personality. And I looked into it. And the reason people say that about him is its true.So, theyre chronicling now episodes to indicate that Mitt Romney in fact has a personality. Now listen to this, when he was a kid in high school, his father, as you may recall, was the governor of Michigan. Mitt Romney, here is what he liked to do. He had his own state trooper uniform. He asked his dad, Dad, would it be all right? Yeah, dont worry son, Ill bring you one. Ill get you one. Sure well get you a state trooper outfit. So, Mitt had his state trooper outfit. They got the kid a red light that he would put on the top of his car. And for fun, what Mitt would like to do is get dressed up like a trooper, put the red light on and go out and pull over motorists. All right, everybody say it with me. Ladies and gentlemen, its like I have a twin.He would dress up like a state trooper and go out pulling over cars. Are you old enough to be a state trooper, son? Yes, yes, I am. Let me see your license and registration, please. Going kind of fast, werent you?Oh, now the, the debate, the president, its really running hot now because over the weekend, I guess Friday or something, President Obama said that the private sector was doing fine. What about it -- are we doing fine, are we not doing fine? Yeah, we could do a little better, dont you think? Fine may not be the exact word to describe how the private sector is doing, you know. Hopeful, maybe were hopeful. Maybe were less pessimistic than we used to be. I dont know if fine is the word.Well anyway, Mitt Romney jumped right on this and wasted no time issuing this response to President Obama saying that the private sector is fine. Watch what Mitt had to say.Theres trouble in Washington. I dont know if you know about this. Somebody has been leaking classified information. Classified information. Security secrets. Somebody is leaking that information. John McCain, whos nothing if not a bulldog, is outraged. He is furious. He wants to get to the bottom of who is leaking the classified information and also he wants to find out who keeps messing with his thermostat.And now theres a big fight in the Republican Party between Jeb Bush and Grover Norquist. So, big fight between Jeb and Grover. What is this, The Beverly Hillbillies? I mean, for the love of God! What are we talking about?Now, Mitt Romney, Mittty, Mitten, our buddy, is going on a six-state bus tour and Mitt is very excited because hes never been on a bus! So, Mitt Romney is going with his lovely wife Mrs. Mitt and the kids, Mitty and Mitt Jr., will be with the dog riding on the roof of the bus.Mitt says that President Obama is out of touch. Out of touch. Mitt says President Obamas out of touch. I think Mitt May be out of touch with what out of touch means.And I just love this. Mitt is a guy who, I dont know. Hes one of those guys that having him around is like not having him around.People say, Oh, if you dont know the real Mitt, hes a crazy guy. When Mitt was a kid, he would, I hate stuff like this. His dad, who was the governor of Michigan -- and Im from Indiana and to think this was going on in a neighboring state. His dad got him a state troopers uniform. Here you go, Mitty, put it on, buddy! And so, Mitt would dress up like a state trooper and he would take the family sedan, the Cadillac, and go out and he had a thing, a siren and light, and he would pull over innocent motorists. It sounds like the beginning of a pornographic movie. All right, get out of the car, put your hands on the hood, get out of the cars. He also liked to dress up like the Lone Ranger. There he is right there, hey, Mitty! Hey, Mitty! Couldnt afford the mask.Yall know Betty White, right? Betty White visited President Barack Obama at the White House. Thats a nice thing, dropped in to say hello. And I talked to her PR guy, and I said shes been there before. And he said, No, no, no. The first time Betty was at the White House she stayed in the Lincoln bedroom with Lincoln. That was the first time she was there.Oh, by the way, if you have one of those things that you record TV shows with ? what do they call them now? The DVR. If you have one of those, set it for Thursday HBO, because theres going to be a special documentary about George Herbert Walker Bush. Hes the father of George W. Bush, the idiot. Hes the father. And I think this is going to be fascinating because weve lost track a little bit of George H.W. Bush, and his life and times. So, HBO has put together this documentary entitled 41. heres a small clip of what youre likely to see. Take a look. Unidentified speaker: Devoted husband, decorated veteran, Vice President, president, 41. Then a look at Americas most hilarious president, 43. 43. Coming soon.Theres a certain percentage of the staff who believe Mitt Romney has no idea what a donut is. And I would like to support that, but I think the man has to know what a donut is. Anyway, thats the category tonight ? Other ways Mitt Romney describes donuts. We had a discussion about this upstairs. Some people believe he has no idea what a donut is. Other ways Mitt Romney describes a donut:Desert BagelsLeavened Batter GlobulesSugary Pastry TiresPerforated Strudel OrbsSaturated Fat WheelsDunking MuffinsGlazed Giddy-UpsChris Christie KremesCadillac of Pastries.You know whose birthday it is today? You love celebrity birthdays, happy birthday to Donald Trump, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump. Donald Trump, 66 years old today. Happy birthday. And the first thing he did this morning? He demanded to see his own birth certificate.In Somalia, anybody ever been to Somalia? Al Qaeda has a branch in Somalia, and theyre active and they are now putting a bounty on the head of important people around the world. Ill give you an example: Joe Biden now has a bounty on his head from this Al Qaeda group in Somalia. Ten chickens. Ten chickens. A couple of guys at KFC said, Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. And I said, What, is this Al Qaeda or a 4H project.You remember we had George Bush, George W. Bush. Eight years we had George W. Bush and that was fun. We had a lot of fun with George W. and hes our cutest, I think he was our cutest president. And he was, I think, our only president who was once a cheerleader, a former cheerleader.You know, when I say JPMorgan do you know anything about it? Its like a big, powerful bank and they have all the money and we have no money and JPMorgan and the guy who is the CEO of JPMorgan he was in front of Congress today. And listen to this. Apply this ? here is what you have to do in this world. You have to apply these situations to your own life. You have to substitute these big shots for yourself. Now listen to this. He is in front of Congress, the CEO of JPMorgan, and hes apologizing. You know what hes apologizing about? And remember, this could be you. He is apologizing because his bank lost investors two billion dollars. Hes apologizing. Are you really sorry? Ok, dont let happen again. I drive over my neighbors garden hose, Im going to jail. I said I was sorry. Too bad, buddy.The latest poll -- Americans have, now listen to this, this is stunning because were getting ready to elect somebody. Americans have no confidence in Mitt Romney, Mitty, The Mitten. No confidence. No confidence in Mitt Romney, no confidence in Barack Obama when it comes to the economy. No confidence and were getting ready to elect one of these guys. Honest to God. You know who that leaves? Batman.I dont know if you folks know about this. But first of all, I just want to say one more time, electing a president, I mean were all screwed. Nothing can be done. No problem can be...look at the mess were in. And its not like its getting better, oh, things are getting ? oh, ten chickens for the vice president. Things arent getting any better.And think about this, if you are going to vote for Mitt Romney, fine. I have no problem with that vote for Mitt Romney. Just for the love of God, make a decision and vote. It is all about judgment. And Mitt Romney is the guy who decided his dog should ride on the roof of car. Just remember that.I mean, if you were having dinner with Mitt Romney or you ran into him on a bus, like hes been on a bus, the first thing anybody would say is, Hey, youre the guy that makes his dog ride on the roof of his car. I mean, after that its game over.And he says the first thing he will do is stand up to the Chinese, you know. Good luck. The Chinese dont care if your dog is on the roof of your car.You know what President Obama did yesterday on Fathers Day? And I dont blame the guy. They say President Obama played golf a hundred times in his first Administration, four-year period. His first term in the White House, he has played golf a hundred times. I dont care, play every day. By God, if I played golf and I were President, neither of which is likely, Id be playing every damn day. So he played on Fathers Day. Donald Trump, always looking to make trouble, always looking to rain on somebodys parade, Donald Trump demanded to see Obamas scorecard.In the polls, they say Barack Obama has a 15-point lead over Mitt Romney and as a matter of fact theyre saying you have to be careful. In politics, you cant get too cocky and they say it may be happening to Barack Obama. One of his aides overheard him say yesterday when he read the poll results, he screamed out to his wife Honey, you can stop packing.Mitt, now everybody goes through this, making his first presidential decision. Hes picking a running mate. Now, when youre the President the first rule is you dont want to pick a running mate who is more charismatic than you are. Good luck, Mitt! Atta boy!According to political insiders and pundits, they say -- I dont know if this is true -- that Sarah Palin has poisoned the well for national female candidates. I think, well, if thats true, didnt George W. Bush do the same thing for male candidates?Top Ten Summer Blockbuster Films About Presidents:Franklin Delano RobocopHarding and Kumar Go To White CastleThe TrumanatorPrometheus S. GrantHow Bubba Got His Groove BackHerbert Hoover: Fully LoadedBuchanan Vs. PredatorJames Monroe: Male GigoloDude, Wheres My Birth Certificate?And so, Mitt Romney, listen to this, these guys have to be very inventive when it comes to fund-raising, because theres Federal laws. And if you do the wrong kind of fundraising, you will go to prison. So, they have to be careful. So, Mitt Romney had a thing where if you would give him $50,000 you could spend the weekend with him. And for an extra $5,000 he will let you touch his hair.Republicans are now talking about President Obama saying hes not much of a president. Theyre saying President Obama, not much of a President and theyre also saying he is a lousy vampire hunter.Top Ten Things You May Not Know About The United States Supreme Court:Public courtroom seating has a two-drink minimum.Under rare circumstances, a decision is handed down based on applause.Court mascot Supreme Kurt is available for parties and corporate events.Prior to oral arguments, the justices spend 15 minutes discussing hot topics.Court basement features an indoor gavel range.Thanks to grassroots internet campaign, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg will host Saturday Night Live.For the last two weeks, Chief Justice John Roberts has been out on jury duty.Fridays are robe optional.Antonin Scalia: Vampire Hunter.Mitt Romney says President Obamas out of touch. And then, after he said that, you know what he did? You know what he did then? Ill tell you, he went back to eating his money sandwich.President Obama. I mean, what more do you want from this guy? Hes working hard and getting stuff done. Hes got a checklist and hes checking it off and going after guys and killing people and getting it taken care of. And he says that he doesnt have -- and who can blame him? He doesnt have time to go after illegal immigration. He doesnt have time. Hes busy hunting vampires.Hey, its Fourth of July. You excited? And you know what, call me old-fashioned, but what I love best about the Fourth of July is all of the flags. You know, its great to see the American flag. I mean everywhere you go. Yards and businesses. Any place around. Isnt it nice to see, of course theyre all made in China, but still its the sentiment.Mitt Romney, and this is an important time for a guy running for President. Mitt Romney now has to select a running mate, the Vice President. And as we know that can make-or-break a ticket. Its very important geographically and politically and ideologically, its very important to get the right running mate. ... So he has to find somebody. Romney has to find somebody who he is politically compatible with, and I thought, Well, doesnt he take every side on every issue, how can that be a problem?This is who Mitt Romney reminded me of. The guy in high school. He only has friends because their parents have a swimming pool.Mitt Romney vacationing in Lake Winnepaski, his money is vacationing in the Cayman Islands, ladies and gentlemen, in the Cayman Islands.Mitt is now promising conservatives that if he is elected, because the conservatives dont think Mitt is conservative enough, he is promising conservatives if Mitt is elected, he will put Anderson Cooper back in the closet.Now listen to this. Im telling you something, I dont know anything about politics, I dont know how a bill is passed. I dont know any of that nonsense. Listen to this: Tomorrow the House of Representatives will vote for the 30th time on healthcare. For the 30th time on healthcare then the Senate will vote it down again. Who says these guys arent doing stuff, huh?I like Mitt Romney, I like rich guys. Hes worth $250 million. Mitt Romney, $250. And I saw him interviewed on the show and they said Mitt, how did you get so much damn money? He says You know what? I always buy store brand ketchup.Now theyre saying Well, lets see your tax returns. Wheres your money? What are you doing with your money? How did you get your money? Whats going on? Mitt said he does not manage his own finances and he doesnt know where his money is. This is the guy to fix the economy. This is the guy.You know Mayor Bloomberg who is the mayor of New York City and he does a lot of interesting things, a lot of innovative and dynamic things, he is now saying we should build tiny, tiny apartments. Tiny little apartments, 250 square foot apartments. Tiny, tiny apartments. And they would be less expensive than the typical New York tiny, tiny apartments. These would be tiny, tiny, tiny apartments; 250 square feet. Mitt Romney has wallets bigger than that.Wall Street says that they prefer Mitt Romney. Wall Street prefers-- and by God, who could question Wall Streets judgment, am I right? Ladies and gentlemen. Is it rock solid?And then the other day Mitty goes by, swings by and he has an appointment with the NAACP and they booed him for a minute and a half. Booed him for a minute and a half. Or as I call it. Thats another Wednesday. Mitt Romney cares about the minorities, you know, like the 1%.This is interesting, this is a way to gauge how things are going. A new survey indicates that Obama supporters love iPhones. So if you have an iPhone chances are you are going to be supporting President Obama. In a related story, if you support Governor Chris Christie from New Jersey, chances are you love IHOP.Mitt Romney, Mr. Haircut, he comes out and theres some controversy with Bain Capital, his old company, and the fact that he wont release his tax returns because he doesnt want us to know, I dont know, what doesnt he wants us to know, that he earned money? That he had a job, that he paid taxes? Or maybe something more sinister? So he is now saying -- he wanted to clear things up -- so he clarified it. He says that he in 1999, he retired retroactively. I said Wow, this son-of-a-bitch is a time traveler.Have you seen the Olympic uniforms? Its for the American Olympic team and its berets. First of all, how many of you checked your beret before you came in here tonight? To me, nothing says America like a guy in a beret. Look at our founding fathers, they all wore berets. So the berets, thats kind of a thing. Then also we find out that the uniforms are made in China for Gods sakes. Take a look at the uniforms. Look at them. There they are right there. That looks like a crew on Mitt Romneys yacht for Gods sake.Presidential politics, thats the very definition of the word ugly and Mitt Romney is now portraying President Obama as foreign. Foreign. This coming from a guy whose money lives on the Cayman Islands.Looks like Mitt Romney is choosing as his vice presidential running mate a Senator from Ohio Rob Portman. Heres a picture of Senator Rob Portman. There he is right there. ... The Senator looks like one of those guys whos interviewed after a UFO sighting.Top Ten Questions On The Application To Become Mitt Romneys Running Mate:Why would Mitt hire you instead of cheaper, foreign labor?Ever shot a hunting buddy in the face?Mind if Mitts dog rides in your car?Are you willing to strongly support both sides of every issue?What traffic sign best describes the way you make whoopee?Do you promise not to vote for Obama?Whats the name of your dancing horse?Have you ever Anthonyd your Weiner?Can Mitt borrow your tax returns?Ever watch the American idol show? You know what Im talking about? Well, some big changes coming up. According to The New York Times Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez fired, gone. So that means Obama has two vacancies to fill.So Mitt Romneys rule and this makes perfect sense in picking the vice presidential candidate, is quite simple. And I admire him for this. His rule for picking position number two on the presidential ticket, do not harm the ticket. Do not harm the ticket. And Republicans have been very good at this. If you look historically, Eisenhower had Dick Nixon. Dick Nixon had Spiro Agnew, George Herbert Walker Bush it Dan Quayle, John McCain had Sarah Palin so theyve been really good at not harming its ticket.George W. Bush said he will not -- will not -- be attending this years Republican convention. I think thats a good idea. The country still hasnt recovered from the convention Bush attended in 2000.You know whos in London? Mitt Romney. They said Mitt, get your campaign plane, get your family, you dont know anything about foreign policy. Strap your dog to the roof of the plane, go to Europe. He landed in England, got off the plane and proudly declared Ich bin ein Londoner.And you think of London, you think of Rolls Royce. Now theres a nice car. ... They have Rolls Royces, they have class distinctions. They have royalty. They have butlers. Hell, Mitt aint coming back. When he arrived at the hotel he was greeted by his money.You go into restaurants in New York City they will sell you a bottle for $2.50, a bottle of New York city tap water. New York City tap water is cloudier than Mitt Romneys finances.Mitt Romney, now they said, Mitt, if youre going to be serious about being President, you know nothing about foreign affairs, diplomacy, we have to get you to Europe and running around like a busybody and get you to impress people and bone up on foreign policy. And while hes in these foreign countries, he plans to visit his money, so that will be good. Going to say hello. Hes going to be there for the opening ceremonies. Hes going to be in London for the opening ceremony of the Olympics. In fact, he plans to take his tax returns, drop them into the torch.And do you know who is competing in the Olympics? Mitt Romney has a horse that he and his wife, Mrs. Mitt taught to dance. Have you seen this? The horse will be competing in the dancing horse competition. I think we have some footage of the dancing horse here. ... I havent seen a dancing horse well since I guess Nancy Grace.You know the presidential nominee Mitt Romney had a horse competing in the Olympics. His name was Trigger ? and he did not, did not medal but next year he will be on Dancing with the Stars.How many of you have the Paul Ryan fever? They say that Paul Ryan, what he will do is humanize Romney. They say Paul Ryan will humanize Romney. And I thought, Well hell, an amoeba could humanize Romney. Who are we kidding here?In college Paul Ryan, one of his jobs was, he drove the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile. You know what Im talking about, the Wienermobile? So he and Romney have something in common. Both have the experience of driving a car with a dog on the roof.Top Ten Little Known Facts About Paul Ryan:Was runner up on season three of The BacheloretteAlways shampoos once, conditions twiceGot his start in Congress as John Boehners tanning boyClaims to be a lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheetsLike the rest of America, wonders what Romney is hiding in his tax returnsHas a good feeling about this Jennifer Aniston marriage working outEats nothing but plants, berries and small turtlesEven before working at Oscar Mayer, had reputation for driving the WeinermobileBorn in Kenya.NASA landed a spacecraft. Were you aware of this? It took them three years to get the spacecraft called Curiosity on Mars. Are you aware of that? On the planet Mars. Right now its busy looking for signs of life. And thats what I was doing last nights audience. But the NASA Curiosity Mars rover is also looking for Mitt Romneys tax returns.Do yall have Paul Ryan fever? ... Hes full of excitement. He is drawing big crowds. The only thing holding Paul Ryan back now, according to political experts, is Mitt Romney.You seen these guys? Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan? They look like father and son dentists. Paul Ryan, I can tell you a little bit about him. He likes to hunt. Paul Ryan likes to hunt. And we all know that a Vice President who hunts is always a good choice.How about our own across the river New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on the big stage. Hes gonna be the keynote speaker of the Republican National Convention and wherever Chris Christie goes you know what that means, ladies and gentlemen, you know what it means? Thats right, unlimited bread sticks.And, you know, Mitch Romney has selected his running mate Paul Ryan as his running mate. Hes a fascinating guy. You know what he does? He goes into rivers and with his bare hands will grab live catfish. Its called... What they call it is catfish noodling. And I like to think here in New York City we are open-minded enough to accept things like that.You know, they say, though, that this [Paul Ryan] could be a big boost for the Republican ticket and I was thinking well, hell, Joe Biden could be a big boost for the Republican ticket, you know?Oh, and President Obama is getting... Bless the guys heart. I mean, its the worst job in the world and you have to run -- you have to beat yourself up before you get in to take over the worst job in the world. I mean, would you be surprised if nobody ran for President? I wouldnt be surprised. Nope, sorry, I got a gig at Dairy Queen. Thats where Ill be. Im not running for nothing. Are you kidding me? Ill be noodling some catfish.Well, anyway, Biden has made too many mistakes for Obama and hes fed up and so today, this is true, a friend of mine called and he said it happened, President Obama -- this is unprecedented. President Obama called Mitt Romney and asked Mitt if he would fire Biden. True story.The Republicans like Paul Ryan because they say hes a fiscal conservative and thats a perfect balance for Romney whos a guy that has an elevator for his Cadillacs.Do you have Paul Ryan fever? Come on. We all do. He looks like a guy who owns his own chain of nursing homes.Paul Ryan likes to catch a catfish bare-handed. Anybody ever done that? Actually, hell wade into a river and catch, with his bare hands, take just a giant -- and pull it out with his bare hands. Chris Christie likes to reach into the tank at Red Lobster.You know who has hit the ground running. That Paul Ryan. What do you think? I mean Im telling you this guy; he looks like somebody who would be holding seminars on condo flipping. I will tell you something, I saw the guy today at an event introducing Mitt Romney in New Hampshire. This guy is fit. Hes in shape and hes ready to go and he gets up every day and goes through some sort of military workout and is in the top condition of his life. You know why Paul Ryan is in the top condition of his life? Because he knows to take care of his family and his country he needs to be in the top condition of his life. Now across the river we have Governor Chris Christie, but thats another story. ... Paul Ryan is a dedicated Congressman, sleeps at his office. And I thought is that what got Clinton in trouble.And the big thing now is that people are all worked up about. Im excited about this. Because I love this more than life itself. What we have here is a guy going into the greatest race of his life for the highest office in the world, the man that could control the United States and bring us out of our economic malaise but he has a secret. He wont release his tax returns. Now between you and me, do you care? But its just like, hey when are you going to -- what are you? Can you? And the Republicans, of course, are indignant about it but this is exactly what they did to Barack Obama with his birth certificate, Yeah, well, Im going to wait until I see his birth certificate. How many folks right now can lay your hands on their birth certificate? Its the same thing.The Republicans are getting ready for the convention; theyre busy down there in Florida auditioning minorities.Mitt Romney is worth half a billion dollars and is saying now he pays annually 13% in tax. Al Capone paid more than 13% in taxes, ladies and gentlemen. Al Capone.Top Ten Congressman Kevin Yoder Excuses:It was Spring Break, chill outPeople in the Middle East are pretty easy-going about nudityIn my defense, I had been drinking heavilyTrying to take the focus off Mitt Romneys taxesIt had been days since a Congressman did something embarrassingIts Obamas faultPutting the junk back into Congressional junketI cant swim naked but Barney Frank can walk around like this?Thats how we party in Kansas.I think well all remember where we were when we got the news that Regis had been pushed out of a job. So now, this happened three or four years ago, and ever since then theyve been pretending to look for a new guest host for Kelly. They made the announcement today. Guess who it is? Guess who the new guest host is? Missouri Congressman Todd Akin. Way to go, Todd.I just heard now that Mitt Romney has asked Todd Akin to step down. I thought, oh, thats too bad, Todd Akin was the guy to lead the Republican Party into the 16th century.But finding a co-host for Kelly Lee Ripa has been more difficult than finding Mitt Romneys tax returns. ... He looks like a guy who would be the closer at Beverly Hills Mercedes, doesnt he? ... And his running mate, who has dropped out of nowhere and has energized the Republican ticket, Paul Ryan, I mean, come on. And he, Paul Ryan, looks like the guy you see on packages of underwear.The theme for the Republican convention is A Better Future. Yep. How did they come up with A Better Future? That was the theme from my prom, for Gods sake.Are you folks following Missouri Rep. Todd Akin? He has some interesting views on health. I think hes in a little hot water. Penn State took down his statue today. ... But when what you do when you say something dumb you apologize. This morning he was on the Rachel Ray Show. You ever see that show? He apologized on the Rachel Ray Show and then they made veal mea culpa.But you know Republicans are going to be in Tampa next week for the big national nominating convention and they theres going to be a hurricane. Word theres going to be a hurricane that might hit Tampa the same week Republicans will be in town. They think it will be Hurricane Isaac and I said you know what? The Republicans have proven themselves pretty good at handling hurricanes so I wouldnt worry. ... But remember it happened once before four years ago as a matter of fact the Republican convention was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Sarah. Do you remember that?Top Ten Signs You Congressman Is An Idiot:Still isnt sure about yea or nayKeeps showing up for work at the Washington MonumentBrags that he never spends his congressional paycheck ? lives off his stand-up moneyRepresents Iowa district ? campaigned all summer in OhioPays more than 13% in taxesRoutinely holds joint sessions in a van parked behind the CapitolThinks bi-partisan means two kinds of grated cheeseAppears regularly on CSPAN and on Americas Dumbest CriminalsOften asks himself, What would Todd Akin do?But now, theres a hurricane bearing down on central Florida. Tampa, could be hit by this Hurricane Isaac, and they might have to cancel or postpone the Republican National Convention. A hurricane headed directly for the Republicans. More proof that God is a woman.You know that Paul Ryan who hopes to become the Vice President? Hes running with Mitt Romney. And the guys in tremendous shape. He get up every day and runs 20 miles, and then he goes to the gym, the old steel plant, the old steel mill. Yeah, and he pumps iron for, like, two hours, and then he has, like, a protein shake for lunch, and then he swims, and then he goes to work. Hes in tremendous shape. This guy can lift, like, 350 pounds of just dead weight, boom, like that. Vice President Paul Ryan. Now the last Vice President who could carry that kind of dead weight. That was Dick Cheney, I think.You know, the Republicans were worried the convention was going to be postponed or maybe completely canceled all together because of Hurricane Isaac. This is serious stuff. CNN is on full Blitzer. Full Blitzer! The winds in Tampa are so strong earlier today they blew the dog off the top of Romneys car.This year, the theme of the Republican convention is 50 Shades of White.A couple weeks ago NASA actually landed -- well it was a car. They put a car on Mars. Its called the Curiosity, the rover. Listen to this. That vehicle, one vehicle, its now on Mars, two and a half million dollars. Two and a half million dollars. You drive that thing off the lot instantly its worth less than half that.You know how long it took the Mars rover Curiosity to get to Mars? Two years. Two years. You know why it took so long? It had to go through Cincinnati.Keeping your eye on Hurricane Isaac and the Republican Convention? Oh, I mean, heres something that could possibly good come out of the tropical depression, hurricane, the storm down in the gulf. It may for once and for all put an end to political conventions. That would be the good thing. Lets right now check the weather conditions at the Republican convention. Do you have the thing? Temperature 72 degrees, humidity 50%, visibility eight miles, white people 98%.Al Qaeda. Have you seen -- I dont know if you have or not. Theyre running ads now, listen to this. This is the thinking behind Al Qaeda. You tell me we havent damaged Al Qaeda as a terrorist organism. Theyre actually running ads now for suicide bombers. Ive got a copy, its right there. Look at this. Tribeca, earn big dollars, meet virgins. Ladies and gentlemen, time to update your resume. Who says there are no jobs in this economy?The theme of the convention is A Better Future. Uh-huh. Oh, Chris Christie, Governor of New Jersey, will be speaking, keynote speaker, and the theme of his speech similar to A Better Future; his theme will be A Butter Future. Chris Christie will be delivering a 45-minute speech. Usually when Chris Christie talks for 45 minutes its in clown face at the Jack-in-the-Box.You guys enjoy the Republican convention down there in Tampa? Did you see some of it? I heard this. I was walking through the room and theyre promising now to cut unpopular programs. Republicans pressing to cut unpopular programs. I know theyre talking about me. I know Im on that list.Did you see Ann Romney, Mitt Romneys wife the other day at the convention. She calls Mitt a decider. She says her husband is a decider. Thats true -- he decided not to release his tax returns.Chris Christie was on stage for 16 minutes at the end of the speech before he mentioned Romney. Sixteen minutes before he says Romneys name. Hes on the stage for 30 seconds and he mentioned Breyers Ice cream.Top Ten Highlights Of Past Conventions:Al Gore sets convention record by eating 62 mini hot dogsHubert Humphrey energizes delegates by imploring them to get on the humpAs a gesture of good will, Abraham Lincoln makes chili in his hatGeorge W. Bush receives Heimlich maneuver after choking on confettiJohn McCain forgets why hes on stage, begins calling bingo numbersFirst televised convention soundbite: Harry Truman tells Thomas Dewey to Go screwWilliam Howard Taft vows to put a taco bar on the moonThe awkward Nixon/Agnew open-mouthed kissBob Dole experiences Viagra side effect: stays behind podium for 3 ? hours.You know whats coming up, ladies and gentlemen, Labor Day Weekend, huh? Are you excited about Labor Day weekend? Thats a holiday, of course, where Americans take three days off from looking for a job.You folks been enjoying the Republican convention? Well, tonights the final night and its over but you know I think the USA did a great job as host country.There in the address, Governor Christie says Mitt Romney will tell the hard truths. Mitt Romney will tell the hard truths. Yeah, except about his tax returns.Did you see Ann Romneys speech this? She was very compelling. Ann Romney was great. She said its all about love, Ann Romney. Then Chris Christie followed up by saying Its not about love, its about respect. Will you people get on the same damn page? For the love of God which is it? Is it love or respect? How am I going to figure out who Im voting for?Romney, of course, his acceptance speech earlier tonight, very nervous guy at his own convention. Before the convention he was backstage fanning himself with $100 bills. In his speech Romney reached out to women, he reached out to blacks, he reached out to Latinos. No one reached back.Listen to this. Rush Limbaugh is saying that Hurricane Isaac is an Obama conspiracy. Well, theres no doubt about it, Rush is back on the Oxycontin. Back on the Oxycontin.Labor Day yesterday. Did you have nice Labor Day? Its the day we honor the American worker. When I say an American worker I mean an eight-year-old kid in China.You never know what to believe in politics. But what hes [Obama] been doing lately is spending his free time in the White House making beer. And apparently the beer is so good that the White House is now releasing the recipe for the beer. Yes. Not to be outdone, Mitt Romney, Republican candidate for President pretty soon will be releasing his own recipe for root beer. I wish somebody would release the recipe for fixing the economy!Top Ten Questionable Claims By Paul Ryan:As a teen fought off and killed a chupacabraDriving Oscar Mayer Weinermobile, once jumped the Snake River CanyonAble to survive on nothing but sunlightWas inspiration for Elton Johns Tiny DancerPolls well where it counts, so to speakMitt Romneys actually a lot of funThe New York Jets will win the Super BowlBarmey Frank? WomanizerIts not just Obama. All Hawaiians were born in Kenya.So last week was the Republican convention, and now is the Democratic convention. Of course, theres a day or two off between the two conventions which is travel day for hookers.How many of you saw First Lady Michelle Obamas speech last night at the Democratic National Convention? It was powerful. I was happy to see it. It was exhilarating. It was thrilling. It was motivating. And I-- at the end of the speech, I thought, Whoa, boy. She could do much better than him.You know, last week at the Republican convention, no one mentioned the Tea Party. Were you surprised by that? I mean, I remember when it was nothing but the Tea Party, and they were having rallies, and theyd go out and theyd have Tea Party gatherings. And then they would have Tea Party rallies. And then after that, theyd go someplace for a gathering. It was wall-to-wall Tea Party. Thats all you heard about, Tea Party. Not one person at the Republican convention mentioned the Tea Party. And listen to this. If it wasnt for Ann Romney, nobody at the Republican convention would have mentioned Mitt. Its crazy.Top Ten Reasons To Watch The Democratic National Convention [Presented by Michelle Obama]:Its like having a crowded convention center right in your own living roomYou dont have to be a Democrat to enjoy balloons.Finally, you get to see some coverage of the presidential campaignAs a healthy alternative, were using low-fat confettiIf you were appearing at a national political convention, Id watchThere will be no kiss camIts got to better than what youre watching nowJoe Biden says itll be A big you-know-what dealAt long last, Ill reveal who Im voting for.You know whose birthday it is today? New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Happy birthday to Chris Christie ladies and gentlemen. Fifty years old. Had a big party for him and they had a cake for him and he blew out the candles and he wished for another cake.I heard in this announcement on the radio. Because of Chris Christies birthday cake there will be...on the eastern sea board for another couple days there will be a frosting shortage.Now, listen, remember last week the surprise speaker at the Republican convention was Clint Eastwood? And he came out and... And I thought it was tremendous. I mean, you dont often see stuff like that anywhere. Except maybe on the subway youll see that occasionally. But Clint Eastwood, I mean... Fantastic!Mitt Romney got himself in some hot water last week. Im telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. Mitt Romney -- this is what we are learning. He says he loves peanut butter sandwiches. Im right there. Im the president of that club. Peanut butter sandwiches and chocolate milk -- chocolate milk! Im telling you, this guy is an adrenaline junkie.Ever since weve been on the air weve had the candidates for election as the guests on this show. And sometimes they win, sometimes they dont win but theyve always been here. ? So a couple of weeks ago we had President Obama who was on the show. Hes running for the office. Thirty-three days till election, 36, 36 days till election. We have not heard from Mitt Romney and his people. They have an open invitation to be here. Thirty-six days remaining. Hes going to have to-- if you want to be in the White House you got to sit right over there and talk to me. Im sorry. Thats the way it goes. So Mitt is on record as saying when he gets to be President the first thing he will do is he will talk to China. He will put China in their place. Really? What about that? What about over here, Mitt? He can handle China but he cant handle me? By the way, I dont care. I think it would be great to have Mitt on the show, open invitation. ? But I dont have a dog in this fight. Im a registered Independent. You just got to come on. You just-- and listen, do me a favor, if he doesnt come on, dont vote for him. Its just that simple.Ann Romney his wife who is lovely by the way says that if Mitt is elected she would worry about his mental health. Well, theres a ringing endorsement, eh?Top Ten Worst Political Excuses:It was my first time using a camera phoneFigured it was legal in KentuckyI make it a rule never to discuss politicsWhen I talk about gays and Jews, its supposed to be off the recordThought it was my legAsked myself, What would the Taliban do?Misunderstood the word electionIts not like I put my dog in the car and my wife on the roofShe knew I had wooden teeth.Romneys Hair is mesmerizing.Didnt want to wake Jim Lehrer.I havent been the same since I quit smoking.Honestly I though the debate was next week.I live with my mother-in-law. What do you want from me?Kept blanking on what percentage of the country Mitts written off.Skipped rehearsal, just like Letterman.Why dont you ask bin Laden how I did?Its Bushs fault. Jay Leno: Oh, my gosh. Well, the consensus is Mitt Romney won the presidential debate last night. The only people that thought Obama won, the replacement refs. Those are the only ones. Jay Leno: Theyre saying close to 60 million people may have watched the debate. In fact, the only person who didnt tune in, I think, was President Obama. What happened? Jay Leno: How about the moderator? PBSs Jim Lehrer. How about him? He looked so life like, didnt he? Oh, my God. Those holograms are unbelievable. I mean, the way he moved. It looked like he was actually there. Jay Leno: And President Obama talked last night about finding other sources of energy for the future. Other sources of energy? He couldnt muster enough energy for the 90 minute debate. Jay Leno: Last night was his anniversary. Let me tell you something. The only way his wedding anniversary could have been worse was if he had forgotten it. Okay, really. Jay Leno: Now, First Lady Michelle ? I think she was depressed, too. In fact, right after the debate, she got a quart of Haagen Dazs, two corndogs and a 32 ounce Big Gulp. Jimmy Fallon: After months of build-up, last night was the first presidential debate at the University of Denver. Of course, a lot of big names didnt show up for the event. Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, President Obama? Jimmy Fallon: It was not a good night. Not a good night for the President. In fact, the President seemed to give long-winded, disjointed answers during last nights debate. Even Gary Busey was like, Dude, you got to focus. Jimmy Fallon: Jim Lehrer had trouble making sure the candidates stick to the rules last night. Even NFL replacement refs were like, This guys a disaster! Jimmy Kimmel: Most people agree, most analysts of this sort of thing, that Mitt Romney won the debate last night which means President Obama lost two fights on his anniversary last night. Jimmy Kimmel: The President seemed a little bit out of it last night. He had all the enthusiasm of a husband talking to his wifes friends at a dinner party. Kept looking down and frowning. It was like he was looking ? he was trying to find a B of A on Apple Maps or something. Jimmy Kimmel: The only thing that could have salvaged his performance last night is if the body of bin Laden fell from the ceiling onto the stage. Jimmy Kimmel: The moderator for the debate last night was Jim Lehrer of PBS and Jim was as in control of this evening as a replacement referee.How about the debate? The first debate. You folks see the first debate? Im telling you, this is good because it brings the country together, not just the country, the whole world was watching this thing, like 60 million people viewed the first debate around the world. Clint Eastwood watched in Hollywood, alone with an empty chair.Mitt did a great job. Dont you think Mitt the other night did a great job? Very excited after the debate, Mitt celebrated with a bottle of caffeine-free diet soda. I want to say something to Mitt now. Mitt, youre going to get the numbers - remember, though, if your poll numbers increase and stay up for more than four hours, call your doctor. Honest to God. I am begging you, call your doctor.I was talking to some friends of mine in Congress, and some friends of mine at the State Department, and they said whoever wins, Obama or Mitt Romney, that theyll let them have four years and that will be it. We wont have a president anymore. I think thats not a bad idea. I mean, we can get ourselves into this kind of trouble all by ourselves.Donald trump called President Obama and said, Ill give you $5 million, $5 million, if you can release your college records and your passport. Heres $5 million. Release your college records and your passport. And I said, Hey, Don, Ill give you $5 million if you release that thing on your head.Ladies and gentlemen its time for tonights top ten list... And tonights category, thoughts going through this babys mind at this moment. Youre saying hey, Dave what are you talking about. Here is exactly what I am talking about. Theres the baby, top ten thoughts. This is the oldest political clich? in the history of politics, out on the campaign trail, kissing babies an theres Mitt Romney kissing a beautiful little baby right there. And we dont know where this is, Florida, Ohio, somewhere. But look at that gorgeous little baby. Well, thats the list tonight, top ten thoughts going through this babys mind right at that very moment:I hope Im not being used as a political pawnDont put my mom in a binder!This guy should not select my name.I cant count and I know his tax plan doesnt add up.Why did he call me a freeloader?This guys squeezing me like hell squeeze the middle class ? hey-o!Please dont kiss me?Please dont kiss me.Check my diaper for an October surprise.This is worse than being circumcised.Mitts family, his sons are all named Plug, Box, Hoop, and Peter and ? unusual names. So the baby is thinking now, ruminating this guy should not select my name.Halloween on Wednesday. Are you excited about Halloween? ? But Halloween is a-- its like second in American holidays to Christmas, almost. I mean, its a huge holiday. People go out pretending to be something theyre not, looking for handouts. Its like running for President. Its the same thing.Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, happy birthday. She is 65 years old today. Happy birthday to Hillary Clinton. Earlier today, Donald Trump demanded to see her birth certificate. Demanded! They had a big party for Hillary Clinton. Bill brought a date. It was a lot of fun.Okay, heres the schedule of the finishing up of the campaign and the election. The debates are finished now. November 6, very important. You have to vote. I dont care if you go out and vote for a canary. I dont care; you have to cast your vote. Thats November 6. November 9 it will be the recount. November 9 will be the hotly contested recount. And then on the 15th, the Supreme Court will give it to Romney. Thats the schedule coming up. There you go.You know who is endorsing it Mitt Romney? Lindsey Lohan. And people say why? Well, shes hoping for a presidential pardon.Listen to this, heres an odd side note to the presidential election. You never think about stuff like this. I never thought about it before. But the White House, they had a guy come in and appraise the White House and surrounding property. Guess how much its worth? $1.5 billion. $1.5 billion. Mitt Romney said, Well, hell, Ive got that on me.And the presidential race continues. Did you forget about that for a few days? Maybe the only good thing about the hurricane, we forgot about the presidential race.Obama and Mitt Romney, well, Mitt Romney resumed campaigning today. He was visiting those hardest hit by the storm and that would be swing state Latinos. He went right in to see what he could do.Top ten good things about voting early, Vice President Biden, take it away. Number ten, good things. Joe Biden, Vice President of the United States:Its vastly more effective than voting late.You know who votes early? People with a backbone like a ramrod.In a less crowded polling center, theres plenty of room to stretch out, linger and relax.If you vote early, you dont have to pay taxes. Im sorry. Im being told thats not accurate.Single and looking to mingle? Find that special someone on the early voting line.Of course, theres the open bar.Not exercising your right to vote is malarkey ? its literally malarkey.Early voters will receive a five million dollar donation from Donald Trump.Honestly, dont you want this election over with already?You folks ready to vote? I dont know if we still have any of those undecided voters. I dont-- gee, I dont know, I dont know what Ill do. Make up your minds, you idiots. On the bright side, after Tuesday, well finally be rid of at least one candidate. Thats only good news.Good news for the Republicans. Once the polls close on Tuesday, theyll be able to bring out Paul Ryan again. Hes been hiding with Mitt Romneys tax returns.Mitt Romney is reminding everybody about changing your clocks. Hes urging his voters, his constituents and all Americans to turn your clocks back to 1954.Ladies and gentlemen, today is the last day of the presidential campaign. Boy, just flew by, didnt it? So heres the rundown. Tomorrow is Election Day. Wednesday will be the recount. December 18th the Supreme Court will give the election to Mitt Romney.These poor guys. I dont know, theyre still out campaigning and its hard to believe that theyve been going at it and going at it. Today President Obama is in Ohio. One of those key states. Republicans got to win it; Democrats got to win it; its a key state. Mitt Romney is back in his neighborhood up in New Hampshire campaigning. Joe Biden is in Pennsylvania. And Republican vice presidential hopeful Paul Ryan today is in the gym.A woman in South Carolina voted for the first time, early voting. Voted for the first time in her life. Shes 108 years old. Went into the voting booth and pulled the lever for Calvin Coolidge. Whats the matter with you, lady? And then Mitt Romney heard about this and he said Women can vote? When did that happen?How about that CIA Director General Petraeus. Well, allegedly had an affair with his biographer which means from now on hell only be having sex with his autobiographer.But listen this. James Bond beat Abraham Lincoln at the box office. Boy, its really been a lousy week for Republicans, hasnt it?Well, lets turn our attention now to Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney put up a good fight but did not win. Hes not our new President. Mitt Romney, okay. Okay, well-- and now hes got to get rid of all of his campaign staff, his workers, his researchers, everybody went out. In fact, today Mitt Romney fired the five actors who played his sons. But dont worry about Mitt. Hes already lined himself up a Flomax commercial.Republicans are still in shock. Theyre saying what the heck happened? And you know what it was, they overlooked the Latino vote. They didnt recognize the power of the Latino vote. So theyre already trying to make it more inclusive. Paul Ryan, remember a guy named Paul Ryan? He was going to be Mitt Romneys Vice President. Well today he announced he changed his name to Pablo Ryan.Republicans still will not admit that they underestimated the power of the Hispanic vote. As a matter of fact, Latinos are calling this cinco denio.We got through the election. The campaign lasted two years, we get through the election, President Obama wins and now were worried about what, fiscal cliff. Do you have any idea what the fiscal cliff is? Neither do I. Do we care about the fiscal cliff? Of course we dont care about it! We have no money to begin with. What do we care? Its the fiscal cliff! Nobody knows what it is. The President appointed the commission and were going to find ways to make new money and I was thinking of one - like Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, she goes everywhere. Heres what we do. Wherever she lands in a foreign country, slips and falls we sue the pantsuit off of them. What would be wrong with that? Bank! Sell a state! Weve got too many of them. Sell a state to somebody. Sell a state to Oprah. Oprahoma. There you go! Making money left and right. Sell some big rich dope a place on Mount Rushmore.Heres news from the world of auction houses. News from the world of auction houses, Christies last night auctioned off a 76 carat diamond. Yup. I believe it was purchased by General Petraeus for his wife.Listen to this. A woman is so angry with the election results that she jumps in her car and runs over her husband. Shes mad that Romney didnt win, so mad, gets in the car, bang, zoom, runs over her husband. It was Karl Roves wife.Do you remember Paul Ryan? He was Mitt Romneys Gilligan, his little buddy Gilligan. And he wanted to be Vice President and it didnt work out. They did some of those focus groups and it turns out people didnt want a Vice President with two first names.After the election, 20 states ? you know we have 50 states in the United States, 20 states said weve got to get out. They said we cant take it anymore, so 20 states are working on seceding from the United States of America. Now heres what Im talking about. Were facing real money problems. Real economic crisis. So take those 20 states that want to leave and charge them $10,000 apiece on their cleaning deposit. Good-bye fiscal cliff, you know what I mean?So, after the elections, for the first time in two or three years, President Obama held a press conference. Anybody get a chance to see it - didnt he look tremendous? I mean, after that grueling campaign. ... And Barack Obama, ready to go - always ready to go. But yesterday, he looked especially good. He looked relaxed, like he was ready to lead. So, he took questions from the press for 20 minutes then finished up with a few Al Green songs. It was nice.President Obama is in town today - did you realize that? Yup, hes visiting the places that were destroyed by Hurricane Sandy. And visiting people who lost their power. And the people ? oh, the people who lost their power, yes, those are Republicans, but thats a different story.So, this year they have new balloons for the kids. They have elf on the shelf. That will be big. Who wants to stand in sub-zero weather and sleep looking at elf on the shelf. All right, how about Papa Smurf, ladies and gentlemen. How about the shirtless FBI Agent? Thats a new balloon. Hell be there.Part of this General Petraeus deal is a guy investigating it for the FBI - an agent that investigates without his shirt. He likes to take pictures of himself without his shirt and shoot them around at various people and somehow he became involved in the Petraeus and the other generals and the CIA thing, and I thought now this rings a bell. Oh yeah, at the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover used to do the same thing, except it was usually in a backless evening gown.Ladies and gentlemen, heres tonights Top Ten list. The category tonight, Mitt Romney scapegoats. This is what I was talking about. Hes blaming his loss of the election on other things, not taking responsibility for himself. He is the titular head of the Republican Party. Hes?forget head, hes the face of the Republican Party. So, he should take responsibility for their miscalculation and their poorly conceived policies and antiquated ideology. Thank you very much. Top ten Mitt Romney scapegoats:Properly functioning voting machines.People unwilling to get a Romney/Ryan face tattoo.Actual goats.Congressman Todd Akins biology teacher.Belgians.Paul Ryan.Fact-checkers.The Republican Party for nominating him.Shirtless FBI agent.Now heres something silly and you think about whats really going on in the world, but yet we do it year after year after year. On Wednesday, next Wednesday, President Obama will pardon the White House turkey. Pardon the White House turkey. And then, I dont know how you feel about that, but the following month, he will pardon the Hanukkah brisket.Earlier today, General Petraeus testified before a closed congressional hearing. He brought a date.I dont even know what to think about this. You have General Petraeus, four star general. Hes running the CIA and then all kind of trouble happens. And theres a woman involved who is writing his biography. And he apparently was sexually involved with his biographer. ? Now the woman who is the biographer, the woman who was involved in the affair, guess who she hired for this? Guess who she hired? Thats right, Monica Lewinskys crisis manager. And I said, Whoo! That is a genius move because that guy really kept a lid on things.And then you know, Mitt Romney over the weekend, he and his wife, the lovely Ann Romney, go out to a movie there and theyre watching the vampire movie. One day youre running for President of the United States. The next day youre waiting in line at the Cineplex. President Obamas on Air Force One now trying to maintain world peace somewhere. Mitt Romneys watching the Twilight saga eating popcorn with a fork.Are you folks worried about the fiscal cliff? Are you like me? Are you worried about it and have no idea what it is? Im worried about the fiscal cliff in the same way Im worried about Martians. Every now and then I look for them but I dont know what Ill do when I see them.Oh, Mitt Romney, of course, lost the election. You remember how awful for like two years we had to put up with that and now its over? Think about it this way. One day youre the Republican candidate running for President of the United States and the next day youre sitting in Applebees blowing on your soup. It was announced Mitt Romney has a new job. Hes going back to work. He got a job at a Marriott. How about that? Going to be working at a Marriott. Mitt will be the guy when youre at the front desk arguing over your mini bar bill, Mitt will be the guy that comes from out back. I understand theres some trouble?President Obama dug in his heels today insisting on a tax increase for higher income earners, but at a hint at compromise, he said he would consider lowering tax rates again next year.Now, its been a month since the election, and thank God thats over. I mean, werent we getting sick and tired of the election? I mean, from now on, the next time we have a presidential election, heres what we do. Whoever has the most money, you get it. Thats it.So anyway, they spotted Mitt Romney at the Cotsco again. Oh, my God. I mean, one day youre running for President of the United States, and the next day, youre shopping at Cotsco for giant jugs of mayonnaise. The guy had doomsday pepper. What is going on? And while youre at Cotsco, go ahead and return that oval rug you ordered.Thank God Mitt Romney has a job. A lot of people were saying, Geez, what will Mitt do now? I mean, you request only spend so much time with your money.Good news. He got a job at a Marriott hotel. Yup. President Obamas trying to stop us from going over the fiscal cliff. Mitt Romney is trying to stop people from stealing towels.A lot of people said after the election what will Mitt Romney do. Because hes out of a job, didnt get the job he wanted and honestly you can only spend so much time with your money. So people were saying what will Mitt Romney. Guess what? Hes got a job. Hes working at a Marriott, ladies and gentlemen. He is the guy that comes out to the pool and tells the kids it to stop splashing.If you think about it he cant blame Mitt for shopping at the big box, the discount stores, because he doesnt have a lot of money in this country.Hey, yall know Barbara Walters, right? And she ? once a year Barbara Walters does her ten most fascinating people of the year. Ten most fascinating ? and the show was on last night. Who do you think was number one, Paul?...General Petraeus. And I was thinking if this guy was a little less fascinating hed probably still have his job. David Letterman:At fundraising dinners, cant stop eating long enough to give speech.Even Dick Cheney is worried about your health.Your lapel pin is a full-sized American flag.1600 would be your street address as well as your weight.At Thanksgiving you would never agree to pardon a turkey.Willing to reach across the aisle, but cant fit down the aisle.When someone mentions Abraham Lincoln all you hear is ham.While you campaign in Iowa, your ass is campaigning in Wisconsin.Barbara Walters has to ask: Are you too fat to be President? Stephen Colbert:At the Thanksgiving holiday, you know, the President typically pardons a turkey. Now if New Jersey governor Chris Christie is ever President, he will no longer pardon the turkey. He will wring its neck with its hands and eat it raw! But for Christmas time and Thanksgiving they pardoned the turkey. Last week - I thought this was lovely. Obama pardoned an elf.I tell you, politics is tough, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, yall know Hillary Clinton, right? Collapsed, passed out, banged her head, got a concussion. Yup. Passed out, collapse, banged her head, got a concussion. Yeah, she is listed as questionable for Sundays game against the Ravens. Bang, zoom! For the next six weeks shell be in an orthopedic pants suit.Listen to this. If you want to get something unique for a family member, this is going to be great. And if I had time Id probably get in on this. A pickup truck once owned by former president George W. Bush is being sold. You can buy the pickup truck from former president George W. Bush. Wouldnt that be a tremendous gift? I mean, this is the truck he used to go to the home depot parking lot and pick up field hands. David Letterman:Well, we got a lot to worry about. In nine days, fiscal cliff. Fiscal cliff, nine days. And I woke up this morning thinking, Wait a minute, have I got this wrong? Nine days until the fiscal cliff? Where is Superman? But you shouldnt be worried. You should have faith in our representatives in Congress and the Senate. Heres what happened in Washington today. The Republicans and the Democrats got together. They rolled up their sleeves and then they took a break. So I think things are going to be just fine.Yall remember Al Gore. Vice President of the United States for eight years and was President of the United States for about 36 hours. ? And then they pulled the old switcheroo on him. Then, he and some old buddies started yacking about global warming and he?and another guy bought a TV network called Current TV. ? Now Al Jazeera, the Arab language television news network?has purchased Al Gores old TV network, Current TV. So, its now owned by Al Jazeera. And listen to this: $500 million. $500 million. This is a little something Al Gore has come up with called global fleecing.Well the 113th edition of the United States Congress arrived on Capitol Hill today and on Monday pitchers and catchers report. What?John Boehner this afternoon was reelected Speaker of the House. And I thought sure, hes done such a great job. You know whos angry at John Boehner, is Governor Chris Christie from New Jersey. Hes furious because he cant get the Hurricane Sandy storm relief money and?people who knew him say he has not been this angry since Olive Garden cut off his bread sticks.This is a fascinating story, Al Gore, Vice President, and President for a minute, was it-- owned Current TV. It was a network that nobody ever watched on purpose. Now Al Gore has sold his network, Current TV, to Al Jazeera. Al Gore, Al-Jazeera, Al Gore. Thank God we can now get weather for the Persian Gulf. So that will be invaluable.According to Mitt Romneys son, Tagg - Tagg claims now that Mitt, his father, had never-- had absolutely no interest in running or being President. Had absolutely no interest in being President. It sort of rings true if you hear it from your son, Tagg. And Im no behavioralist, but Im thinking if you dont want to be President, well, then what you ought to do is get out there and run twice.But anyway, the government is going to now mint - forgive me I just dont understand any of this - is going to mint a single coin, valued at $1 trillion. Honestly, if you can explain that to me you can have the damn show. Its all yours.Chuck Hagel is the new Secretary of Defense and Im telling you Washington makes me crazy. They are already saying that this guy may be reluctant to send troops into a war zone needlessly. What kind of a nut job is this guy? What - are you kidding me? We have a new CIA Director whose name is John Brennan. This guy is already - well, you had John Brennan in the pool. Good for you. Im telling you - dont kid yourself, thats not an easy gig, being Director of the CIA. The job begins the second they swear you in; first thing this morning they briefed this guy on the Kardashian pregnancy.Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new CIA Director. John Brennan could be our new CIA Director. And you know when you are named CIA Director, bang, zoom, it starts immediately. They had him up all night last night briefing him on the Hugh Hefner honeymoon, so hes ready to go. And then theyre going to get into the Kim Kardashian pregnancy.Sometimes a genius and dumb guys intersect. You know what I mean? I mean, usually you have genius going this way and you have dumb guys going this way, but every now and then they actually - I tell you what Im talking about, you know were hopelessly in debt. Theres $20 trillion. Start counting now and call me around Labor Day and let me know how high - how close to $20 trillion youve gotten. Were $20 trillion in debt, so somebody at the Treasury Department says, You know what lets do? What well do is well print a coin for a trillion dollars. One coin, it will be worth a trillion dollars and well put it someplace so well always have that. Somebody at the Treasury Department. ? But it is a collectors item. You can get ahold of it. Ive seen a prototype. It has the beautiful profile on the trillion dollar coin of Regis Philbin. Beautiful. You can use it to pay off the national debt, the trillion dollar coin, or it will help you get a Kardashian. Either way.Lots of changes in Washington, DC as we begin the second term. Got a new Secretary of State. Got a new Secretary of Defense. New CIA director. This is important. New CIA [director], John Brennan is the guys name, and bang, zoom, hes already busy. When youre the CIA director, its 24-7, 365 days a year. Yeah. For example, today the new CIA director was briefed on Al Rokers gastric accident at the White House. So, hes ? he knows all about that.You know what takes place in ten days, ladies and gentlemen, and again this is a great example of how things fly. Do you remember the presidential campaign that lasted two years, do you remember how sick and tired we were of that. Remember that? And every day it was a mudfest. And then there would be debates. And then Newt Gingrich would come. And then he would go. And it was just awful. And now ten days from now, President Obama will be inaugurated. Ten days from now he will be inaugurated. Im telling you, it is really starting to look bad for Mitt Romney.President Barack Obama, hes got a half-brother living in Kenya and the half-brother I think, is it Jerry van Obama? Im not sure exactly that thats his name. But hes running for governor in Kenya. In Kenya. Listen to this, theres one problem. His opponents claim he was born in Hawaii.Top Ten Other Lance Armstrong Revelations:Still never leaves the house without several vials of clean urine.Owns Texas estate known as Rancho Decepto.Took steroids to work up the strength to admit taking steroids.Once had an inappropriate relationship with an air hose.Also has tattoo of Rex Ryans wife.Has given up on making the Baseball Hall of Fame.United States Postal Service paid him in stamps.Started erotic website, Tour de Pants.Admitted to doping just to get on Oprah.Over the weekend, during a routine cleanup, park crews discovered a cannon from the Revolutionary War that was still loaded. Old, loaded, ready to go. Its like me before the show. And they say the thing for a while was deadly dangerous and could blow up like that. But dont worry. New York City police did what they could. They put one of those orange cones by it. And then, then they found themselves a Revolutionary cannon-defusing, disarming expert team, squad that came in, and it took them a long time. They had to empty the powder. They had to take out the fuse. They had to get rid of the cannonball. And finally, after hours and hours of tedious disarm, the thing was absolutely safe. And immediately, the NRA was furious, furious!Everybody here got the flu, am I right? You all have the flu? Im telling you. Its bad. They say everybodys going to get the flu. As a matter of fact, earlier today, I heard Lance Armstrong?I heard him admit to using Tamiflu.How many people, when the election was over and folks started yakking about the fiscal cliff, turned off the television set or threw it out the window? The fiscal cliff, does it have any bearing on your lives? Anybody here worried? No, and Ill tell you why. We dont know what it is. In my case, when you dont know what something is, you dont care about it.You know, ladies and gentlemen, its a big weekend coming up, and on Monday?President Barack Obama will become President Barack Obama again for the second time. Its the swearing in - the big inauguration, and listen to this: When they give the oath of office, hell be sworn in on two Bibles. All right, we get it, youre not a Muslim.This Manti Teo, thing. Hes in college, not just a college, not like West Undershirt, Wyoming. Its Notre Dame. Hes a star athlete, football player, linebacker at Notre Dame, runner-up for the Heisman. Turns out, for four years hes dating a woman he has never seen. And they would only talk on the phone. And I would think you had an imaginary girlfriend for four years, think about that. And then I thought, well, if the Republicans, if they could have come up with five million imaginary female voters, by God, Romney would be President.Women serving in the United States military will now be serving in combat, ladies and gentlemen. Finally, there will be somebody in the tank who will stop and ask for directions. Rick Santorum heard about it. He said, Great, whats next? Theyre going to let women vote? Thats what he said.Beyonce, I mean heres the thing. ? They caught her lip syncing at the inauguration, yup, they caught her. And I thought, well thats interesting, because I remember for eight years we had a President who was lip syncing Dick Cheney. Whats the difference there?Well, if youre keeping track, its Super Bowl XLVII. XLVII. By the way, its the size underpants worn by Chris Christie.Governor Chris Christie, big powerful guy, big governor of New Jersey, and hes having a Super Bowl party, and he wont deny it. The guy loves to eat. He will have so much dip at his Super Bowl party. The man will consume so much chip dip that hell be wearing foul-weather gear.Hey, celebrity birthday, Dick Cheney, former Vice President, 72 years old today?Last year on Dick Cheneys birthday...a UPS driver delivered a gift to Dick Cheneys castle. It was a dark and stormy night, and the UPS driver was never heard of again.This is important information. Its going to be educational as well as entertaining and this is like a snapshot. This will put the finger on the pulse of this nation and give you an idea how youre supposed to feel about a wide variety of topics. We call it Charts and Graphs. Lets start with a couple, see how they go. The first one, the category is the biggest issue facing our country today. Lets see what America thinks is the biggest issue facing our country today. Fifty-six percent said poor economy, 43% said national debt, one percent said beverage greater than 16 ounces.Super Bowl power outage during the middle of the Super Bowl in Louisiana. Dont worry, FEMA said they will be there no later than Thursday.Abbottabad, thats where Osama bin Laden was living for ten years with his seven or eight wives and his 40 kids. It was a huge complex just out side of Abbottabad and much bigger than any house in town and the locals thought maybe it was George Clooney living there. So Abbottabad has had some worldwide recognition. This is a true story. Theyre building a theme park in Abbottabad, Pakistan. ? Nobodys laughing at my timeshare now.You folks ever watch the Fox News? Listen to this, in the last two months, they have fired Sarah Palin, former part-time governor of Alaska, and Dick Morris, well-known political pundit. Fired both of them, Fox News. Well, great. Two more jobs lost under Obama. Thanks a lot.The Republicans have their own line of clothing. Who knew that? ... I didnt. The problem is it keeps coming apart at the seams.Yall know mayor Bloomberg? This guy is tough and hes on a campaign to make New York City a better place to live. Guess what hes done now? Hes outlawing Styrofoam cups. ... He wants New York City to have the nations toughest cup control laws.I think the Mayor may have gone nuts. We have a garbage problem. I dont know if you folks noticed the teeming steaming piles of giant garbage as you came into the theater. So the Mayor put together a garbage task force and heres what they deal to combat the giant garbage ? hes bringing in more rats.They had a going away party for Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, and she had a couple of drinks and admitted she doesnt know the difference between Paraguay and Uruguay.Hillary says she wont decide about running for President in 2016. Listen to this. No former First Lady...has ever gone on to become President since Dick Nixon.People say, Well, Hillary, what are you going to do now? Shes going to get a TV show. ... Its a reality show and Hillary is going to do it with her sisters, Chloe and Kourtney. Its going to be a big, big show.Top Ten People Not Nominated For A Best Spoken Word Grammy AwardJoe Theisman (My prostate was giving me fits)Brad Pitt (Chanel No. 5 ad)Al Roker (I pooped my pants...not horribly)Former Governor Mitt Romney (I like being able to fire people)Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I dont think weve had a murder in the past 2 or 3 days)This woman (Constipation, diarrhea, gas, bloating - thats me)Me, Dave (Face down over desk making motorboat sound)Vice President Joe Biden (This President has a big stick).How many of you watched the State of the Union Address just for the commercials?I have got to hand it to President Obama. This is his first State of the Union Address in his second term and he is very - he is full of confidence, really kind of cocky and full of himself. At the end of his State of the Union Address, he showed America his Kenyan birth certificate.I thought the Obama address was very strong, very forceful. He mentioned climate. Good to see that, yup. Mentioned guns. Very good to see that. Talked about money. Climate, guns, money-- by the way, thats my favorite Warren Zevon song.Top Ten Things Going Through Marco Rubios Mind At This Moment [Water Break During SOTU Rebuttal]Doctors say you should drink eight glasses of water every speech.I think I look pretty cool drinking out of a tiny bottle.Laugh all you want, Poland Spring just paid me a million damn dollars.This would be a great closer for my ventriloquist act.That looked presidential, right?Im sure theyll edit this part out.OMG, I asked for sparkling water.Marco Rubio needs his throato lubio.By 2016, wont America want a stooge back in the White House?How many of you know about the asteroid? The giant asteroid hurdling toward earth and its 150 miles wide. Now listen to this: An asteroid just like this one, just like this one, same size and everything, hit the earth and killed all the dinosaurs. Remember they talk about well maybe it was an asteroid? Well, it was.This special announcement from NASA should help. Take a look. Do not fear the approaching asteroid. The nation of Iran has solved the problem. We have launched our monkey back into space where it will reflect the asteroid with a coconut. Iran, relax, we got this one.Sunday - the Academy Awards. ... I think Im going to have to go with Meryl Streep as Lincoln. A lot of people saw Lincoln and liked it. It shows both Democrats and Republicans working together to get legislation passed. ... Yes, its science fiction.Anybody see the Sunday morning shows over the weekend, like Meet the Press, Face the Nation, Press the Meat, anybody see any of those? John McCain was on one of those shows and he said he questioned President Obamas judgment. ... Let me see if I have this straight. When you select Sarah Palin as your vice presidential choice - thereafter and forever are you allowed to question anyones judgment?Michelle Obamas got a new hair cut. ... She has kind of shortish bangs on her hair, and she said its because of a mid-life crisis. I dont know what shes talking about. Im having a mid-life crisis and I drink.How about that Joe Biden? Did you see what hes talking about now? He was talking to somebody and he said ? had advised his wife, Dr. Jill Biden, that she should ? everybody should get a shotgun, and if you hear a noise, just go out on your deck and fire off a couple of rounds. And I was thinking, a Vice President with a shotgun. Gosh, what could possibly go wrong? What could possibly go wrong?First it was the fiscal cliff. ... Then that disappeared, then it was the debt ceiling. Holy God, the debt ceiling crisis. I cant tell you how many times I rounded up the family and the dog and headed for the bunker. ? Now, were being sequestered. Sequestering. Anybody ever heard of that term in that context? I have no idea what it means. The budget goes into effect on Friday, which means it will affect - oh, thats it, airport security. Airport security. Theyre cutting back on airport security. What has kept us safe? Airport security. What are they cutting back on? Airport security. I mean, now we have to go back to patting ourselves down.The White House officially released portraits of the White House gang and Joe Biden got a new portrait of Joe Biden. And I saw it and I thought, Ahh the bangs? I dont know? ? I remember a long time ago when George W. Bush was President and they had White House photos done, the portraits done. Remember the Dick Cheney photo? It was a portrait, really. And the eyes would follow you around.Top Ten Countries According to Secretary of State John Kerry:GalifianakistanUncle ArcticaCosta RegisEquatorial VinneGuayaguayGreece 2Belize NavidadBangjohnteshCameroon DiazAt first, after the election, there was the fiscal cliff. Do you remember the fiscal cliff? They tried to scare the crap out of us about the fiscal cliff, didnt they? Did anybody here understand what the fiscal cliff was? That goes away, what was next? The debt ceiling. Oh, my God! The debt ceiling. Is the debt ceiling worse than the fiscal cliff? Yes, much worse. Okay, that went away, and now sequesters. Sequesters. Any idea what those are? Who was the star of Rocky? Sequester Stallone. Thats as close as I can come.All I know is this means a lot of government cuts. For example ? and I wont bore you with all of them - but for example, lets just say youre a member of the Supreme Court. And you decide to retire and you want to keep the robe. $75 bucks. $75 bucks. Thats whatll happen.We have a new Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel. Congratulations to Chuck Hagel, new Secretary of Defense. And today, already off to a bad start. Hes going to bring all of the troops home from Afghanistan, but theyre coming on a Carnival cruise.Did anybody have to go through airport security to get here? I like it when they frisk you. Ill be honest. When they pat you down and - are you like - do you have such a fragile ego that if you werent patted down you would take it personally? ? Well, anyway, now you can...take pocket knives on commercial flights. Pocket knives on commercial airlines. What could possibly go wrong? What could possibly go wrong? If youre like me - I like to spend a lot of free time at the airport whittling. And you can also take pool cues on commercial flights. So pocket knives and pool cues. This is great news if youre a knife-wielding pool hustler. Youre back in business.You folks ready for Conclave 2013? ? Did you know - and I bet you did - no pope has ever - in the history of the Catholic Church, no pope has ever been elected without carrying Ohio.Top Ten Questions To Ask Yourself Before Attempting To Live To 150.Am I that desperate to see Die Hard 30?Is 150 really the new 140?Can I keep this a secret from my wife?Can I get back the deposit on my cemetery plot?Will I have enough Viagra?Do I mind outliving the planet?How many colonoscopies is too many colonoscopies?Will I end up looking like Larry King?An extra half-century of incontinence? Whats the catch?The new Pope is a man of the people, Im told, and he should come and be on this program. We dont want him pulling one of those Mitt Romney things. We called Mitt Romney virtually every day during the campaign. Well, you know what, were thinking about it. Well, you know what, Im thinking about it. Well you know what, the elections over and I lost. Can we come on now? No, you cant come on now, Mitt.Mayor Bloomberg, as you know, tried to outlaw giant, 16-ounce sugary sodas, and a judge overturned the ruling. And I said, Thank God, I dont have to drive to Canada to get my Mountain Dew anymore.More good news. If youre flying, now the TSA says you can carry pocket knives on airplanes. ... Thats exactly what were looking for: Two hundred irritated passengers on an airplane with alcohol and knives.Heres some things about Hugo Chavez from Venezuela. ... He passed away, and the Venezuelan government was talking about embalming Hugo and putting him on display. ... But they decided they would not put Hugo Chavez on display. So, theyre going to bury him. So, that means the only famous person embalmed and on public display now...is Barry Manilow.You know now that the TSA is relaxing some of their safety measures when you get on the plane. For example, you can now get on the plane with a pocket knife. Yeah. I mean seriously, what could possibly go wrong?You know what is a big hit now on the History Channel? The miniseries called, The Bible. Its based on a book. And they have a character in there who plays Satan, who plays the devil. And he looks a little bit like President Obama. ... And I thought, Thats funny because if President Obama was actually Satan...then the Republicans might be willing to deal with him.The Republicans are looking around saying Hey, what happened? like they were run over by a truck. ... So they commissioned a study. A hundred-page report comes back and it says...that the Republican Party is too old and too white. Too old, too white. A hundred pages? Really? You needed a hundred pages for that?The Republicans got together and said, We lost the presidential election. I wonder if theres something wrong with us? And so they commissioned a report, and the report - 100 pages long this report - about what happened, and the facts came back that the Republican Party is perceived as being rich, stuffy, old, white guys. One Republican read the report and was so stunned he dropped caviar on his spats! They were talking to John McCain about the report and he said...Get off of my lawn!Well, heres what happened. The Republicans lost the presidential election. The Republicans thought they were going to win the election and now theyre just being cry babies. So, finally someone said lets get a study, lets spend a couple million dollars on a study and well find out ? because we dont think its us ? but lets find out what the problem was and why we lost the election. So, they get a study back. A hundred pages, and the summary of the hundred pages, why, the people think the Republicans are old white guys. It took them a hundred pages.When I heard the results, I, for example, took exception to the study. I said, Wait a minute, this is crap. Not all Republicans are white. John Boehner is orange.Hillary Clinton is now in favor of gay marriage. ... And she said for every gay couple in the country that gets married, shell give them free pants suits.The average American works six months a year for the government. Think about that. Six months a year for the government. ? Im telling you, government employees dont even work six months a year for the government.Its the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War. ? Well, Dick Cheney is the one that got us into the Iraq War. He said they had weapons of mass destruction. They had no weapons of mass destruction. Even if they had weapons of mass destruction, they would have to launch them from a donkey.The new Secretary of State John Kerry - what do you think? Is he getting it done? Only a couple of weeks in, and I dont know. Its hard to trust a guy who is not wearing a pant suit.Happy Passover to everybody celebrating Passover. They had the annual Passover observation down in Washington at the White House, and as always, the President pardoned a brisket.We had a lottery-jackpot winner, a man from New Jersey, won $330 million, and congratulations to that man and his family. ... The odds of winning that thing - 175 million-to-one. Yup, its just about the same odds that the Republicans have for getting the White House back in 2016.Last year at Easter, Governor Chris Christie was rushed to the hospital. It was an emergency. It turned out he had an impacted peep.Because of the sequestering, theyre not having the kids Easter egg hunt on the White House lawn. ... Last year ? and maybe this is a factor, I dont know, Im just saying - last year there was some trouble at the Easter egg hunt, when one kid found ? hes out looking for egg - he turns up Obamas birth certificate.I like the April Fools jokes, do you like the April Fools jokes? I remember one time - and you wouldnt think a President would pull an April Fools joke like this - but I think my favorite, George W. Bush, do you remember when he put up that Mission Accomplished banner?Today, they have the big Easter egg roll, the Easter egg hunt on the White House lawn in Washington and - I dont know. I mean - first of all, its the day after. And Michelle Obama is all about eating healthy, so this year they hid only the egg whites.I tell you, when youre the President and youre living in the White House something always goes wrong. ... Theyre having the big Easter egg hunt, listen what happened today. One kid found two dozen eggs - two dozen eggs and a couple of missing Nixon tapes.You know Florida Senator Marco Rubio? Hes now saying that he supports immigration law reform. To have this guy in that position is important. ? To have a Republican who has that kind of gravitas - and, by the way, when I say gravitas please understand that I have no idea what it means.You know what they did yesterday in - and I think this was privately funded so dont get excited about them spending our tax money. They had the big annual White House Easter Egg Roll where kids come and horse around on the White House lawn and have Easter eggs and stuff. And once again this year-- like every year-- the whole thing was won by a kid from Kenya.You know whos crazy, but I love him? Kim Jong-Un. ... Hes the son of Kim Jong-Il and hes the evil North Korean dictator, but gosh I get a kick out of the guy. Hes now vowing to destroy America - Kim Jong-Un says he will destroy America. In response to that, we heard from his publicist, Howard Rubinstein. He says we shouldnt take it seriously - Kim Jong-Un is just dehydrated.Theres a new scandal here in New York City. Everybody wants to be the mayor, so now theres a political scandal. A guy ? it involves three Democrats and a Republican. So, its nice to see the two parties working together. A guy tried to buy his way onto the ballot to be nominated, elected mayor, tried to buy his way. Not only that. They also caught him with a 32-ounce soda.They have now opened the George W. Bush Library in Texas - a huge gathering, four living ex-presidents were there, and making a special appearance was the un-dead Nixon. Never mind. It was just kind of a silly thought. But at the Bush library, they will have a think tank, and I was thinking, thats [a] pretty shallow, pretty shallow tank.The White House has now put together a website for kids. Its a website for kids to teach kids how to manage a budget responsibly. And the web site is called Irony.gov.(Commenting on North Koreas threats) So all week long he has been working that up, Kim Jong Un, first when you hear that you think gosh, I hope he doesnt do that. But then the more you think about it, theyre not going to ? I mean North Korea is like a Carnival Cruise for the love of God, you know. Theyre not going to destroy anybody. They got no electricity, no plumbing. They dont have enough food. They dont have any fresh water. They dont know where theyre going.Big scandal here in New York City. ... We have a guy here in New York City who wanted to be mayor, so hes trying to bribe his way on to the ballot, laying out big, big money. And the scandal involves three Republicans and two Democrats. Finally, some bipartisanship!Heres the only good news weve had in a week. Anthony Weiner is running for mayor of New York City. He announced it earlier today in his underpants.And Weiner says that hes going to run because hes done extensive polling. And I said, I know! Thats what got you in trouble in the first place!Tonights stooge is Senator James Inhofe, Republican from Oklahoma. Thats right, James Inhofe voted no on gun control. He said the families of Newtown shootings had nothing to do with the debate on gun control, only thought they did, because they were told so by President Obama. There he is. Ladies and gentlemen, our stooge of the night, James Inhofe.I dont know if you know about this, but today - you know the hackers when they hack into a thing? They hacked into the Associated Press - their Twitter account - and they faked reports about an attack on the White House. Faked a report. Completely phony. And I thought, Wait a minute, the news, the real news isnt bad enough? Now were making up bad news? I mean for the love of God, really! Why?The George W. Bush Presidential Library opens, I think, the first week in May, and [is] distinguishing itself in that it is the only presidential library that will have a fitness bar.According to new poll information, Americans now think very strongly, positively, of George W. Bush. New polls indicate - yeah. How about that? Well, by God, maybe theres hope for me. Americans think positively of him. Sounds like another phony report from the AP.Finally, some happy news ladies and gentlemen. Anthony Weiner is back on Twitter. Do you remember Congressman Anthony Weiner? Im telling you, its like giving Lindsay Lohan the keys to the mini bar.You know about the sequester? Do you know what that means, the sequester? Theres no money and so they had the sequester things. And I heard about this, because you know, Fleet Week, the annual - where the armed forces, the battleships and carriers - and they come to New York harbor and the men and women of the Air Force and everybody. And they canceled that because it was sequestered. ... And I thought great, so that means I got to wait another 12 months before I can walk around Manhattan in my sailor outfit. Im so despondent.(Referring to where Barbara Bushs interview with the Today show was held) That was at the opening of the George W. Bush library, presidential library, or it took place earlier today. ... Its a multimillion-dollar edifice down there in Texas, and because when you think library, you think George W. Bush. I mean when you think reading, you think George W. Bush.The library is beautiful. And they have a huge section devoted to weapons of mass destruction, but nobody can find it.At the ceremony earlier today, they released about a hundred beautiful doves. And then Dick Cheney brought a 12-gauge out and?Big day yesterday in Texas, they opened up the George W. Bush presidential library and museum. Its the only presidential library and museum with a Slurpee machine.The stock market is flirting with 15,000. ... Flirting with 15,000. Isnt that what got Anthony Weiner in trouble?North Carolina Senator Richard Burr?voted no on gun-reform legislation. Last month, Sen. Burr received a $1,000 donation from a British company that manufactures ammunition. Remember, ladies and gentlemen, there is no background check if you plan to buy a senator.You know what, its the second anniversary of the day the SEAL Team 6 busted into the Osama bin Laden complex and took care of that problem. ... And experts at the Department of Defense and the Pentagon and State Department said that they now know that Osama bin Laden was in that compound for a number of years. Would leave the compound like twice a year. Once he had to go out for jury duty?Yes, he was holed up in that compound. And he was there for, I dont know, six, seven years, with three wives. And when the SEAL Team 6 got there he said, What the hell took you so long?Couple days ago, President Obama played golf. Went out with three or four Congressmen, Senators, they were playing golf, one of them said to him, Mr. President, what is your handicap? Talking about golf. And he said, Ill tell you, my handicap, the Republicans. Thats what he said. One guy had a hole in one! You know what the odds are of a hole in one? 13,000-1. Give you an idea, those odds are just a little better than passing gun control laws. Just a little better.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Did you hear about this? He had the stomach surgery so he wont be so big. ... But his family gave him a choice, they said, Look, you either have that surgery or get your own zip code. ... And the governor is now saying that his decision has nothing to do with 2016, which, by the way, is his cholesterol.South Carolina had a congressional election yesterday, and - you remember Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina? He got himself into some trouble, and he had to go away. Well, hes back, and he won the congressional seat?yesterday, and its crazy because theres nothing like a guy who stands up for traditional values while hes having an affair with an Argentine.But this guy, Mark Sanford, smart guy. Got his scandal out of the way before he went to Washington.New Secretary of State John Kerry went over to see Vladimir Putin over there in Russia - the evil Vladimir Putin and John Kerry, Secretary of State. (Noting that Putin kept Kerry waiting) Yes, three hours. He had a good excuse. Putin was on the phone with Dennis Rodman.You know what Im talking about with Dennis Rodman? Hes buddied up now with Kim Jong Un, the vicious, evil dictator of North Korea. ... And Dennis Rodman visited Kim Jong Un a couple months ago and apparently theyre really, really close friends now. And earlier in the week, Dennis Rodman sent a message, like a Twitter message or a tweet-text message or something, to Kim Jong Un, and the message read, Kim Jong Un, do me a solid and release an American prisoner. ... Who does this guy think he is, Charlie Sheen?The big news here in the tri-state area, Chris Christie, who was on our show - seems like a great guy to me, really working day and night helping New Jersey recover [from] Hurricane Sandy - wonderful man, but he weighed about 600 pounds. And so, finally he said to his family, he said, You know what? You deserve better than this, so for 2012, Im really, really going to lose some weight. 2012, by the way, was his cholesterol. ... So heres what he does...the very next day he goes to a place, secretly has a...procedure done on his stomach so he wont eat food anymore, and now hes telling everybody? It was a secret, but hes lost 40 pounds. Really? ... If youve lost 40 pounds and its still a secret, then you must really have been pretty damn heavy.President Obama had a bunch of Democrats over for dinner and they talked about?the legislative problems that face Congress and the country and the world. They talked about immigration. They talked about education. They talked about the economy. And you thought this show was tedious. Oh, my God. They talked about the economy, education, immigration. Its like having dinner with Paris Hilton.The Senate is now taking a look at the immigration bill, which will provide sweeping changes if, in fact, the bill is passed. Passed? Passed?... Tim Tebows got a better chance of passing.Gov. Chris Christie said his family insisted that he lose weight. And heres what they are worried about. This is not political. The family was worried that if Chris Christie got out of the shower and caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror, he would have a heart attack.Georgia Senator Saxby Chambliss voted no on gun-reform legislation despite the fact that 91% of voters in his state, 91% of voters in his state, wanted background checks for gun buyers. He has an A-plus rating from the NRA, and in his spare time sells ammo door-to-door.Minnesota, the Land of 10,000 Lakes, legalizing gay marriage. Now, thats good news. Unfortunately, there are no gays in Minnesota. And next, theyre going legalize the Tony Awards.You folks know the show American Idol? They have four judges on the show, and weve had many of them on our program, and periodically through the run of the show, they have made changes to the judging staff. Guess what? All four current judges fired. Theyre fired. So, they have to hire new judges. And I said, Well, who says Obamas not creating jobs?How about a nice hand for Governor Chris Christie from New Jersey. Dropped 40 pounds. Yup, dropped 40 pounds. His sandwich.John McCain is now accusing President Obama of a massive cover-up in Benghazi. ... John McCain, until a week ago, was under the impression that Benghazi was the stuff he rubs on his shoulders after working in the yard all day.The President held a press conference Monday, and the reporters were on him like a pack of wild dogs. He did pretty well, because, you know, he had been listening to their conversations. So, he knew exactly what was going to happen.People always say this to me, they say, Hey, Letterman, they say. Why dont you make jokes about Obama? All right, Ill tell you why. ... I dont make jokes about him, because I dont want the FBI tapping my phone. Thats why.One of the three scandals, we have the IRS investigating people they dont like. Well, you know, you kind of gotta give them that, right? Then you have the FBI tapping phones. And then Benghazi. And they see?Benghazi as a powder keg; and this scandal, they believe, may go as high as Dennis Rodman.When you have scandals like that, it really gets in the way of not getting things done. ... If they dont fix these crises pretty soon, honest to God, it could bring gridlock to a screeching halt.Okay, Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson voted no on gun reform legislation, in spite of the fact 81% of voters in his state wanted background checks. Ron Johnson said, no dice. Senator Johnson, he has received $1.2 million in contributions from pro-gun lobby groups. And as you can see (referring to a Rob Jonson photo) he spent most of that money on flag pins and hairspray.I was outside for a little bit. It seemed hot. I was sweating like President Obama at a press conference.Well, the President, Im telling you, a lot of trouble, with three different scandals going on. Today, the White House released 99 pages of emails on trouble in Benghazi?and one shirtless tweet from Anthony Weiner.?Senator Rob Portman. He voted no on gun reform legislation despite the fact that 83% of the voters in his state, let me repeat that, 83%...of the voters in his state wanted background checks for gun buyers. ... Rob Portman took a look at the data and said, No dice. ... Hes our Stooge of the Night.Republicans have mentioned the idea of impeaching Barack Obama. Its amazing how quickly this comes up, isnt it, with the Republicans? Talk about impeaching Barack Obama. Barack Obama, pretty cool guy, he said, Im not worried about this. Ive got to two words that will put an end to this kind of nonsense, two words? And they said, Yeah, what? He said, President Biden.The President admits that Al Qaeda was responsible for Benghazi. He said, Dont worry, Im going to have the IRS go after them.President Obamas had a rough couple of weeks. Benghazi, the big Benghazi scandal. The IRS scandal. The phone-tapping scandal. And now he has to replace all four American Idol judges. I wouldnt give his troubles to a monkey on a rock!I feel bad for that Barack Obama, you know, the President? They got the Benghazi scandal. They got that. Hes got to handle the IRS scandal. The IRS investigating people. Something new about that? And the FBI wire-tapping phones. I mean, honest to God, my phones have been tapped for the last 20 years. Yeah. So now, the President, and hes in so much trouble politically...hes thinking about killing bin Laden again.It turns out the IRS has been targeting people they didnt like and screwing them on taxes. Well, isnt that what theyre supposed to do? To me, its just another day at the office.Well, lets see, we got scandals going on and the IRS - now, the IRS apparently spent a lot of our tax dollars on lavish vacations and parties. Bunch of accountants going crazy. I dont have a problem with that. Thats fine with me. Theres a little box on your return there. You check the box if you want to spend a dollar so idiots can go dancing.Hey, how about that IRS, huh? Now listen to this. The IRS - and we know what they do - they weasel you and they screw you and they take your money. And thats the price we pay for the great life we have here in the United States. We have to put up with the weasely IRS cheating and screwing us out of our hard-earned money. Guess what they have been doing with our tax dollars? Theyve been throwing themselves lavish parties. Well, on the other hand, what good is it being a bunch of power-hungry, jack-booted drones if you cant enjoy yourselves - if you cant every now and then pat yourself on the back?So anyway, the IRS is working now on regaining trust - trust! Regaining trust! Nobody ever trusted the IRS! We dont care, theyre weasels. Nobody trusted them. Regaining trust. Ha!Remember Michele Bachmann? Who was from Minnesota, running for President? She has announced that she will not seek reelection. She says she wants to spend more time now listening to the voices in her head.Now, Dominos leading the way. Delivering home pizzas. Guess what theyre using? Drones! Unmanned drones delivering your pizza pie. ... Today, the airspace over New York City was closed for four hours. Yes, because on the radar they picked up one of these pizza drones headed to New Jersey Governor Chris Christies house.You know who Anthony Weiner is? ... He got in trouble because he was fooling around with his?cell phone thing and one thing led to another and before you know it he had taken pictures of his reproductive organs. Shot them across the country and everybody said, whoa, pull the lever on this! So, now he wants to be mayor, and because of whats happened in his past he has to be mindful of just about everything, really.Ill tell you something, and Ive never said this before about a politician, especially a mayor of New York City. I think the guy running this city, Mayor Bloomberg, I think this guy is a genius. He has turned this town into a wonderland. You know what Im talking about? You know the potholes all over New York City? Some of them are enormous. Theres one on 8th Avenue that actually has a gift shop at the bottom.Big heads of state meeting tomorrow in California. Chinese President Xi Jinping?meeting with President Obama tomorrow. And then Saturday he meets with Dennis Rodman.You know, the story is the NSA has been listening in on telephone calls and spying on us. ? I want them to know everything about me. Today, I sent them a list of my sizes. Lets go. Here, take that! Its people with cell phones, and you hear these people, and maybe we have some in the audience, walking down the street screaming into their cell phone. You can hear them in all five boroughs. Those are the ones upset with people listening to their phone calls. Come on, really!You know your phone is being tapped when youre having a conversation and you hear the Attorney General breathing.And the guy, the whistleblower, is all over TV. You see the guy? His name is Edward Snowden. Hes very pleased with himself. Good for him. He says he doesnt want to live in a society where the society monitors its people. And then he fled to China.Heres my problem. I sometimes feel desperately alone, and the idea that somebody is spying on me and keeping track of everything I do - makes me feel good.Speaking of the State Department, listen to this. And the United States ambassador to Belgium, a guy named Howard Gutman, has allegedly, now, been inviting call girls up to the embassy. Yup. I think I speak for everyone whos ever been to Belgium when I say, So what?I dont know if you saw it last night, but let me just apologize. We had a bad show last night. I will tell you how bad the show was last night - halfway through, the White House stopped listening in.This guy, Ed Snowden, Im telling you, I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. Theyre looking for him. Everybodys looking for him. And hes seeking political asylum, and hes thinking maybe hell go to Russia. ... Good gig.You know whos popular now? George W. Bush. ... According to recent polls, George W. Bush is more popular than not popular. ... Its because a couple of months ago, George W. Bush opened up his new George W. Bush presidential library and water park.Experts believe the reason George W. Bush is more popular now,,,is put up to a rare medical disorder known as forgetting.You know this guy Edward Snowden? Do you know anything about this guy? This guy shows up in a hotel in Hong Kong and he says, Send up a videotape crew. Then he announces to the world that hes leaked confidential National Security Agency memos and documents. Hes compromised the security of the free world, and now hes gone. He checks out of the hotel at Hong Kong. Hes gone. Where is this guy? He could be a hero. ... Where is Edward Snowden? Gosh, if only there were a way to keep track of people.The big G-8 Summit taking place in Ireland. ? They spent the first 20 minutes of the conference admiring Vladimir Putins Super Bowl ring. Did you hear about this? Years ago, the owner of the Super Bowl ring was at a party some place with Vladimir Putin...and Vladimir Putin says, Wow, thats some ring. Putin takes look at it, puts it in his pocket, good-bye! ? So, now it turns out that the owner would like his Super Bowl ring back. He even offered to trade Tim Tebow for the ring.Edward Snowden had a 98-minute press conference today and yet they cant find the guy. Dick Cheney said he believes Ed Snowden is working for the Chinese. Come on, Dick. Arent we all working for the Chinese when you think about it?This story comes up about twice a year. They think they have located the body of Jimmy Hoffa. ... They thought he was buried at the old Giants stadium, and turns out he wasnt buried there. They got a tip. They think hes buried in a field in Michigan. Jimmy Hoffa after 40 years of being dead. Nothing on the NSA whistleblower, but we think we know where Jimmy Hoffa is. Were going to get right in there. The cops in Michigan are digging up a field and well let you know just as soon as they find nothing.Well, how do you think things are going for President Obama? ... Im telling you, this President Obama, this guy, Im telling you, I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock.The reason Obama is in Germany, hes there to promote democracy and also to rescue Justin Biebers monkey. He had to get his monkey.Germany is mad at the United States because of the NSA eavesdropping. Lets go back and do that again. Germany is mad at the United States for the NSA eavesdropping. This, ladies and gentlemen, from the country that gave us the Gestapo. Theyre angry at us.(Referring to a picture of President Obama and Vladimir Putin at the G-8 Summit) See the pictures of Obama and Putin? They were at the G-8 summit. Look at that. Look at those guys. Wow. Its like Thanksgiving with your relatives, isnt it? Except for the flag. See, the problem there, they have nothing to say to one another because theyve been bugging each others phones.Americans are understandably concerned about the zombie threat. First Lady Michelle Obama reminds you that if the worst happens and you become one of the undead with an insatiable appetite for human flesh, also eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables.You know that Edward Snowden guy? He had a job in Hawaii and he was stealing secrets, and then he gave them to a guy and he published the secrets, and he said, Im leaving Hawaii, Ill go to Hong Kong. Gets tired of the food, and he says, You know what, Im going to Moscow, and nobodys heard from him since. We think hes still in Moscow.The Supreme Court has ruled the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional. And once someone explains this to me, Im sure Ill be thrilled about it.Next issue for the Supreme Court is defense of the Kardashian marriage.Hey, you know whos stuck in Moscow? That Edward Snowden guy. The leaks guy from the NSA. ... Heres what happened. He was in Hawaii enjoying himself leaking. ... So, he went to Hong Kong and then he got thrown out of the hotel, wouldnt pay his minibar bill, and then he took off from Hong Kong and went to Moscow. And from Moscow, he was supposed to get a flight to Cuba. From Cuba, he was supposed to go to Venezuela and then to Ecuador. ... But heres what happened. The guy got stuck in the Moscow airport and he has been stuck in the Moscow airport for three days. I mean duty-free is fun for a while but?three days in an airport, my God, thats punishment enough. Let the kid go.Its hot in New York City, am I right? ? You know that guy, the NSA leaker guy, that Edward Snowden? Heres how hot it is. Hes seeking asylum in Antarctica.Frankly, Im surprised about Eliot Spitzer running for city comptroller. Because...this guy couldnt even comp-trol himself.How about that Edward Snowden, the super spy Edward Snowden? And hes working for the NSA and he says You know what Im going to do? Im going to download some stuff and sneak it around. Hes in Hawaii. Pretty good gig, Hawaii staring at a computer all day. Then he says, Im tired of Hawaii; Im going to Hong Kong. Then he goes to Hong Kong and he gets tired of the food. So he says, I know what Ill do; Ill go to Russia and then Ill go to somewhere else. So hes been in Russia now for about a month living at the airport right there at the Marriott gulag. And so finally Venezuela said, Okay, you can come to Venezuela. But he also got some more great news today. Look at this, Edward Snowden. Cinnabon customer of the month at the Moscow airport.Turns out the Pakistan police pulled this guy over for speeding, pulled Osama bin Laden over for speeding. Pulled him over and wrote the guy a ticket. So listen I dont want to hear any more of this nonsense about Pakistan being lenient on Osama bin Laden, okay?I dont know if you know anything about the local political scene in New York City but the politics are crazy. We have Eliot Spitzer former governor wants to be comptroller and we have Anthony Weiner, former congressman wants to be mayor. And its gotten crazy and it looks to me like Eliot Spitzer is going to be the new comptroller of New York City. How many of you feel better knowing that he will be comp-trolling things? I just hope he can comp-troll himself.Dick Cheneys daughter is running for Congress. Shes spent the last couple months working on her sneer. And those are big footsteps to follow. Those are some pretty big arteries to clog. But today she went out and shot a couple of guys.The former governor, Eliot Spitzer, is running for comptroller. You remember Eliot Spitzer. He?had some trouble with prostitutes and people said, Why dont you go home? So, he left and now hes running for comptroller. Comptroller. And what Ive been saying all along is, well, can we trust a guy who apparently cant comp-trol himself?This guy, Osama bin Laden, once got a speeding ticket in Pakistan. ... Can you imagine that? Im telling you, this guy had no respect for the law! Absolutely no respect for the law! Listen to this. When SEAL Team 6 broke into the house...he said to them, Is this about that speeding ticket?I dont know what to think about this Edward Snowden. ... He gets a gig working for some contractor that does work for the National Security Agency, and hes in Hawaii. He has a girlfriend who is a stripper. I mean, is that the American dream? ... Not only that, but he never completed high school. Never finished high school, working for a contractor that works for the NSA, in Hawaii, with a stripper girlfriend. I mean, kids, think about finishing up school. Maybe not. When hes not busy with his girlfriend, hes downloading secrets and selling them around the world or something. I dont know. Then he goes to Hong Kong, and then he goes to Russia. Ultimately he wants asylum in Venezuela. Thats all I know, but he also wants to be able to have summer asylum in the Hamptons. Did you know that?Hey, how about Edward Snowden? ... Now hes living at the Moscow airport. Anybody ever spent any time at the Moscow airport? You guys been there? I mean, its crazy. Hes been there for about a month. Hes scorned. Edward Snowden, scorned. No home to call his own. No safe harbor. I mean, its like being an old George Clooney girlfriend.Edward Snowden, the guy who leaked things from the NSA and is now living at the Moscow airport, I mean think about that. ... I mean isnt that like every JetBlue flight? We were supposed to take off Wednesday, werent we? Why are we still at the airport?But apparently the staff of the Moscow airport is treating the guy very nicely. Every night they leave a mint on his neck pillow.And theyre even saying now that this Edward Snowden guy could be nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize. Whoa, how about that. Yeah. Its between him and the team that brought back Twinkies. Very close.Anthony Weiner, you know, former Congressman, now running for the mayor. Hes on the campaign trail now. Or as he calls it, The Tour de Pants. Thats right. Thats what he calls it.Anthony Weiner, he was a Congressman here in New York. And it turned out when Congress was in recess, he would spend time photographing his reproductive organs. And then he would shoot those around to voters. So, then he resigned, and now he wants to be on the ticket for mayor. So, hes running for mayor now, and he says, All of this is behind me, and dont worry about it. Well, today or yesterday, it turns out he may have been involved in some online activity under the name Carlos Danger. I-- I dont have a joke here. I just thought youd like to know. ? Weiner apologized for this new scandal, I guess. And he apologized for the next one, and for the one after that, and then the one after that.Ill tell you right now, be prepared, the show tonight may run a little longer than usual, and Ill tell you why. We have about 300 Anthony Weiner jokes to get through. Let me just say this: You know that your campaign is not going well when you open a press conference by saying, I told you there would be more lewd photos.Anthony Weiner is saying he hopes people will give him a second chance, and Im all in favor of that; but by my counting, I believe this will be his third chance. Anthony Weiner says some of the accusations are true and some of the accusations are not true. And you know what that means. That means, of course, that theyre all true.When Donald Trump heard that Anthony Weiner was using the name Carlos Danger, Donald Trump demanded to see Carlos Dangers birth certificate.You know youre struggling if you have to open your press conference with Well, I told you there was going to be more of this stuff.How is everybody? Good? Good? Every nickel we make from tonights show goes to the city of Detroit.I just think we need a mayor who doesnt come with a nickname, you know? Later, if you want to hold a press conference and say, Oh, by the way, Id like to be known as Carlos Danger, Mayor of New York, thats fine. But going into the office - Private Manning, remember, the guy? The guy single-handedly leaked over a million documents. He was found guilty on charges of espionage and you know what that means? Twenty years at the Moscow airport. ... This guy leaked more than a million documents, and he was found not guilty of leaking. Thank you, Florida jury.A lot of people are saying maybe Anthony Weiner should get out of the race. Maybe he should go run for mayor of Orange County.Eliot Spitzer says Anthony Weiner should drop out. A lot of top Democrats say he should. Even Silvio Berlusconi said the guy is a creep. Silvio Berlusconi. Thats right.Here in New York City?Mayor Bloomberg wanted to outlaw giant, sugary sodas, but they overturned it. I said fine, but what about a ban on texting while youre running for mayor? Why cant we get a ban on that?The Butler, number one movie in the country. Its a story about a guy who spent his life getting coffee for the President. Its based on Joe Biden.Speaking of presidents, George W. Bush had heart surgery. I hope hes doing well. Doctors say hes resting comfortably, which is what he did for eight years in Washington.Well, President Obama had the 1972 Miami Dolphin Super Bowl champions come to the White House. ... 2013, ladies and gentlemen. 1972. And tomorrow, theyre expecting the 1994 Montreal Expos to drop by. Because, why not?Hey, how about this - former President George W. Bush had to go into the hospital, had a little heart surgery, and hes okay, but he blames it all on the fatty foods served by White House butler Forest Whitaker. Former President Bush doing fine. They told him to avoid any heavy exertion, so that means no reading. He had a little touch of coronary artery disease. One of his arteries was clogged with old Al Gore ballots.You know the 1972 undefeated champion Miami Dolphins? 1972, never got to go to the White House. ... Richard Nixon embroiled in the Watergate scandal, and he said no parties. He called off all the parties, so the 1972 Dolphins never got to. Well, finally, earlier this week, they got to go. The 72 Dolphins got to go to the White House, and they were all so excited - they wanted to meet Spiro Agnew.(Referring to 72 Dolphins visit to White House) But after waiting 41 years, 41 years, this injustice has finally been corrected. Nothing new on Native Americans, but this injustice [has] finally been corrected.You know whos going to be the new Batman? Ben Affleck. ? Ben Affleck. The Republicans are vowing to block the nomination.You know Donald Trump? You know who Im talking about when I say Donald Trump? This guy, he does everything. He has a TV show. Hes a TV show host. Golf clubs. He also has Donald Trump University. Anybody graduate from Donald Trump University? Well - so, he was running Donald Trump University and the state attorney general said No, wait a minute, you cant be running [it], its unlicensed. They said: Its unlicensed, you cant have a university, you cant have a license. Its illegal. Your university is just like that thing on your head. Theyre both unlicensed.The most popular course at Donald Trump University: How to Become Rich Like Donald Trump by Opening Your Own Phony School.US warships are heading towards Syria. Its going to be kind of an enjoyable switch for Obama. Now, he can start a war that the next president will be stuck with.Theyre saying now that the war against Syria will last no more than two days. ... Thats what theyre saying. Its going to be a two-day war. You know what that means? Well be there for another 10 years.Bashar al-Assad, if this brutal president is dethroned and has to step down, hell be replaced by Ben Affleck.Anybody ever been to Donald Trump University? ?Well, its apparently in trouble. The attorney general says that its a fraudulent operation. Heres all I know?about the Trump University. ... Its a four-year program in condo flipping.Theyre saying now, Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom are having marital problems. And the State Department says its warships are already rushing to the area.Well, people are worried about President Obamas exit strategy if we go to war. Well, you know, really, in three years it will be Hillarys problem, so - something is not right. Did that not seem right to you? Upon further review, it turns out the joke was just not that funny.Well, it looks like were getting ready to teach Syria a lesson, and President Obama is now saying that he never used the term red line. Remember when he was talking about if we find out that they used chemical weapons in Syria that that would be crossing a red line, and if they cross that red line, by God, we had to go in there and get them? ... Well, now the President is saying he never used the term red line. Hes saying that the world used the term red line. So its taken him five years, but finally the guy has learned how to bull(bleep).John McCain. ... Theyre having a big Senate discussion on whether or not were going to teach Syria a lesson and?well, during the talk, the discussion, hes playing online poker on his computer. Online poker on his computer during a Senate session on whether were going to Syria or not. I was stunned! Youre telling me John McCain knows how to use a computer?President Bill Clinton is traveling the country now, holding little town hall meetings where he explains Obamacare, and after that he will explain twerking. So hes a busy man.Sixty percent of Americans polled said that they dont want a war in Syria. So, you know what that means? Were going to be at war in Syria.Are you aware of the fact it is Election Day here in New York City? ... Very important election. Here is how important it is - millions and millions of New Yorkers earlier today did not go to work so they could pretend to vote. It is that important.President Obama is now saying we may be close to a settlement with Syria. ... How about that? So thank you, Dennis Rodman.Top Ten Things You Dont Want To Hear In An Oval Office Address:Remember how we thought wed killed bin Laden?Allow me to explain the situation using puppetsGreat news - China just bought San DiegoWheres Forest Whitaker with my coffee?We do not yet know who created these super-intelligent squirrelsIve deployed three warships: The Roker, The Bieber and the WeinerI wont sugarcoat things; were screwedBy now youve seen and evaluated my underpants photoDead silence.New Yorkers are going to miss Anthony Weiner. ... Because its always nice having someone around who makes you feel morally superior, you know?Today, Anthony Weiner [was asked], What are you going to do now? He said, Im going to take some time off, couple of weeks, probably spend a couple weeks, maybe a month, spend some time with my cell phone.I dont know if you know this or not, but its quite a week for me, because Eliot Spitzer lost his race for comptroller. Anthony Weiner lost his race for New York City mayor. ? So that means I am back to being New York Citys biggest embarrassment.Big weekend of football coming up. You know what Im talking about. Its the Denver Broncos versus the New York Giants. Its Peyton Manning versus his little brother Eli Manning. Theyre calling it the Manning Bowl. Its the Manning Bowl and Vladimir Putin called President Obama and warned him not to intervene. Putins everywhere. Here he is on the cover of Good Housekeeping. ? Hes got a column in The New York Times yesterday and hes warning the United States that any sort messing around in the Middle East - we could, well, destabilize that part of the world. He said You get in there, youre going to destabilize the Middle East. Well, we wouldnt want that to happen, would we? Hate to screw up a good thing.Opening day at the United Nations. Everybody agreed that its not as much fun without Berlusconi.Its so exciting when they open the UN. They have a special theme this year - Enchantment Under the Sea. Very nice. ? We have world leaders from all over the world - dictators, presidents, kings, queens, that kind of thing, for the UN opening up. And when they come here, they have what they call diplomatic immunity. They can do whatever they want. They can break any kind of laws. I saw a dictator today walking up Broadway carrying a 16-ounce soda.Ill tell you what happens midnight, October 1: The United States government...shuts down. At midnight, yeah. And right now in Times Square, theyre getting ready to drop the ball. People say theyre closing down the government, they get scared. Ill give you an example: Diana Nyad swam back to Cuba.Hey, how about that senator from Texas, Ted Cruz? ? He gets ahold of the microphone, the floor of the Senate, and he starts talking, and people are thinking, Oh, well, its Ted, let him go for a while. Twenty one hours...ladies and gentlemen. Hes yakking for 21 hours. Im telling you, that government shutdown certainly looks pretty good now, doesnt it?Twenty-one hours. I dont think Ive talked for 21 hours in my entire life. And at one point he takes out?Green Eggs and Ham. You know the kiddie book? Hes reading Green Eggs and Ham, and the whole thing was Obamacare. And the message he was sending there, I think, is Obamacare will only cover visits to Dr. Seuss.Ladies and gentlemen, did you know that today is National Pancake Day. ... In honor of National Pancake Day, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie?announced the construction of a maple syrup pipeline from Vermont.You know whats going happen on October 1. The United States government is shutting down, ladies and gentlemen. Government workers beginning October 1 will still get paid. Where is the 21-hour rant about that?You all know crazy Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. He spoke for 21 hours on the floor of the Senate. Just talking and talking and talking until he could barely stand. And coincidentally, after 21 hours nobody could barely stand him.Speaker of the House John Boehner says Americans dont want healthcare. ...Well, there you go. Conclusive evidence, too much time in the tanning bed.I tell you, this first week, at the opening week of the UN General Assembly, there was a lot of tension, a lot of anger, a lot of discord, but everybody from the nearly 200 nations gathered at the United Nations agreed on one thing: Cher looks fantastic.Now, the United States government October 1 runs out of money. The United States government. Out of money October 1. This country needs a brother-in-law, thats what it needs.How about that crazy Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Yeah. Hes a lot of fun, isnt he? Right now hes through his 21-hour rant about Ben Affleck.Oh, the post office is raising the price of stamps again. Did you read these? I heard that and said to myself, If there was only an inexpensive electronic way of communicating.Top Ten Non-Essential Government Agencies:Institute for Kardashian AwarenessFBI SchwarzUnited States Maureen CorpsJoint Chiefs of Plaid ShirtsOffice of Family Feud Survey StatisticsCongressDepartment of the Faux-Leather InteriorNational Endowment for the UnderendowedFederal Grab-A** AdministrationThe governments shutting down. Is it tomorrow night? About 24 hours from now theyre shutting down. Do you care the governments shutting down? I thought they were shut down. And Americans dont care. ? The last time Americans cared about anything was when they shut down the Twinkie factory.Some national parks will be shut down, some museums, some national monuments will be shut down. For example, down in Washington, theyre going to close the Smithsonian. So, if you have tickets, forget it. Youre not getting in. Theyre going to close the Smithsonian. Theyre going to close the Air and Space Museum. Youre not getting into there. Theyre closing the Hillary Clinton Pants Suit Museum.The United States government, the most powerful country, shut down, not in business. Put the out-of-business sign in the White House, nothing happening here. We are like a Carnival Cruise on land.People are saying now that before the government shutdown, congressmen went out and got drunk. Went out and got drunk, celebrating that they had shut down the government. I tell you, ladies and gentlemen, this is the kind of thing that could hurt, could damage their 10 percent approval rating.President Obama is taking advantage of the government shutdown, and it was announced earlier today that he has furloughed his mother-in-law.How many folks got signed up on the Obamacare? Got it right with you? Are you okay? Good. Heres what you got. You sign up, you have four plans, four ways to win and win big. Youve got the bronze plan. You have the silver plan. You have the gold plan. You have the platinum plan. Now, let me break this down for you a little bit. If you go with the platinum plan, you get two choices. You get the morphine, if you need it. Or the morphine con queso.Republicans and Democrats continue to be at a stalemate. Help us, please help us, Dennis Rodman.The Bureau of Printing and Engraving and stuff that puts out money, put out new $100 bills. ??? The new $100 bill is different. First of all, its only worth $10.Day nine of the government shutdown. Are you like me? Are you beginning to miss the days when we were ruled by a mad English king?They say now that its the Republicans that have caused the shutdown, or as theyre also known, the Washington Whiteskins.The new chairman of the Fed is Janet Yellen. ... Janet Yellen is a banking genius. ... You know those pens?you go into a bank?she invented the chain that holds them. Next time you try to steal a pen, think of Janet Yellen.So, now the next step is Congress will hold hearings to see if shes qualified. And I thought well, when are we going to hold hearings to see if Congress is qualified?Let me ask you a question and you can be honest with me. You can be frank with me. How many of you are only here because you had some trouble signing up for Obamacare, and instead you got tickets to the show?I just want to tell you something from my own personal life. Over the weekend I got on the computer, and I tried to sign up for Obamacare. You hear a lot of people having trouble. Had no trouble whatsoever. Signed right up to Obamacare, and ordered six months of Mexican Viagra.You know whos here in town is Libyan al Qaeda member Abu al Libi. Hes on trial for terrorist activities. Hes here for the trial, and also he would like to see Jersey Boys.The al Qaeda people - we shouldnt be laughing about this. ... Say you sign up for Al Qaeda and say that what you want to be is a suicide bomber. All right. You must first pass a very rigorous physical.Hes at it again, Mayor Bloomberg. First, he outlaws sugary drinks, cant have the giant sugary drinks. Salty soups. Took care of salty soups. No smoking. And now tanning salons. Tanning salons. How about that? Its crazy. Nothing so far on crazy motorcycle gangs, but everything else...I heard some good news today. If the government ever does default, if we do just completely go belly-up, the festivities - and I think thats the right word - the festivities when the government goes belly-up will be hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.You remember George W. Bush? We didnt know about this, but he had heart surgery?and they had to clear up a blockage with heart surgery. Maybe we should try that on the Tea Party.Apparently George W. Bushs heart trouble was much worse than anyone imagined and so were his two terms in office, as it turns out.People are saying Donald Trump is going to run for governor of New York. ? It could be a rumor, it could be true. All I know is earlier today Donald Trump demanded to see his own birth certificate.I dont think he will run for governor of New York. Hes too busy firing D-list celebrities.The United States government...shut down, and - oh, yeah, it was the worst two weeks of my life. Not really, no. Everything was fine. I wish theyd just shut down again and go somewhere. Just go somewhere else and leave us alone. Lets make some calls and see if England will take us back.Ladies and gentlemen, are you aware-of-the-fact the United States government is back in business? Congress got together and ended the shutdown. Boy, that was easy. I am really glad the shutdown is over. Ill tell you something, it was very lonely being the only nonessential employee who was working.Honestly, I didnt care. It seemed like everything was fine. And the Republicans are now whining. The Democrats are whining. Theyre all a bunch of whining babies. The Republicans are saying they got nothing out of the deal. Thats not true. The Republicans got eight years of Hillary.Anybody tried to sign up for the Obamacare? You guys have any luck signing up? Its impossible. Youre supposed to go to a computer and type in all of your information and then?the website shuts down. You cant get Obamacare. ... And everybodys furious. ? Heres why the Republicans are mad. They are upset about Obamacare because something they tried to stop now wont get started.Top ten things Vladimir Putin has learned by spying on the United States: 10. Americans like their meat filled with cheese and their cheese filled with meat. 9. Hillary Clintons ATM pin code is 2016. 8. Gossip Girls Blake Lively is a national treasure. 7. Ninety-seven percent of Americans lie to their dentists about flossing. 6. Next in line for the Supreme Court? Judge Judy. 5. Theres nothing going on in Delaware. 4. Obamacare website built using same technology as Sputnik. 3. Broadway Theater is more alive than ever. 2. Biden hasnt turned on his work computer in months. 1. Sofia Vergara - Va-Va-Va-Voom!You know whos a genius when it comes to this wiretapping stuff, is Vladimir Putin - and he used to be with KGB and now hes the President of Russia. This guy is a crazy, evil genius. When they had?the G-20 summit in Moscow, he gave out party bags to everybody who was there and?in the party bags were devices that they would take home. ? They plug it in and now the Russians follow and track every move that everybody makes. And also included in the gift bag - this was nice - a shirtless photo of himself.The website - honest to God - its crashed more times than Lindsay Lohan going home from a party.Well, the FAA now says you can use your electronic devices during landing and takeoff. ... Theres some good news! Thats right. Im telling you, are the airlines pampering us to death or what? Now when youre stuck on the tarmac for eight hours...you can use that time to try and log on to the Obamacare website.Mayor Bloomberg has been Mayor of New York City for 12 years, 12 years. Remarkable, isnt it? Maybe. Maybe not. I never thought about it while he was mayor because when he was mayor you thought he would never go away, but now hes going away, and I believe - I think well all miss Mayor Bloomberg. But he says no, 12 years is plenty. Thats three terms and he really now want to settle down and spend more time with his money so thats what hes going to do.Somebody has still got a stick up his nose about the presidential campaign-- Im talking about Mitt Romney. He was on David Gregorys Meet the Press program. He said he didnt choose Chris Christie as a running mate because hes fat. How about that? Mitt Romney has a similar but opposite problem. Hes a lightweight. Thats the problem.Top 10 things You Never Knew About the House of Representatives: [Presented by Rep. Nancy Pelosi]Members may vote Yea, Nay,  or WhateverWhen we water the Capitol lawn we use the Hose of RepresentativesOur cafeteria chef created the original House SaladEvery month were tested for steroids.Steny Hoyers middle name? Also Steny.Thanks to corporate sponsorship, Majority Whip now known as Miracle WhipMembers tap silverware against water glasses to encourage the House leaders to kissWe have the power to impeach talk show hostsThe Tea Party isnt nearly as much fun as it sounds.Mayor Bloomberg. Hes gone. Who wants giant sodas?The mayor of Toronto. Theyve got pictures of him smoking crack, and he said, I was never smoking crack. Then he says, Yeah, I was smoking crack, but heres the deal. He says, I was so drunk, I didnt know I was smoking crack. Huh? Pretty good, isnt it? In legal circles, thats known as the Lindsay Lohan Defense.The new guy, [Bill] de Blasio, he was so tired from celebrating or something he missed an important budget meeting. ... He slept through an important budget meeting, the new guy did. And I said, Have you tried crack? Whats the matter with you? But it reminds me of George W. Bush, who slept through eight years in the White House.We got a new mayor in New York City, how about that? I like Mayor Bloomberg. He was mayor for 12 years, and for the first five or six years we had no idea who the mayor was. And then in the middle of his second term, we kind of got to like him and he...tacked on another third term - and we finally really got to know Mayor Bloomberg. Now hes gone and...I tell you what I know about the new guy. Hes freakishly tall.Well, listen to what the new guy is going to do right off the bat. He is putting an end to stop-and-frisk. This was the deal where if cops didnt like [the way] you look, they could frisk you. ? Great, that was my favorite part of the day.Didnt it seem like we just had an election? The election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama? And didnt it seem like that election lasted about six years? Theyre already now talking about 2016. Theyre talking about three years from now, 2016. Listen to this. Democrats, 66% of Democrats, say theyd prefer Hillary Clinton; 34% of Democrats say theyd prefer Joe Biden in a pants suit.Here in New York City, we have a new mayor. Are you aware of that? His name is Rick De Blasio. Hes six feet, seven inches tall, and his wife is a former lesbian. She is a former lesbian, although she can be called back to active duty on a moments notice. And yes, she said thats her former life. Shes no longer a lesbian. She even turned in her Subaru Forester. And not to be confused with current Mayor Bloomberg, the outgoing mayor. Not to be confused with him. Hes a former leprechaun.Top Ten Signs You Have Bad Health Insurance:Two coverage options: above the waist or below the waist.Every one of their approved doctors is incarcerated.Your agent works out of a Chipotle.You ask, How much is the deductible? The answer, How much you got?Entire operation is a guy named Cal and his cousin Junebug.You share a plan with your cats.Youre reimbursed in Camel cash.Companys TV spokesman: Dr. Conrad Murray.Your prostate exam must be televised.Theres also a gravy shortage. Its up to $4 a gallon. Governor Chris Christie wants to build a gravy pipeline.And a couple of days ago, Florida Congressman Trey Radel was arrested for drug possession. Then, he says, Look, I need the cocaine, Im not going to lie, I need the cocaine to stay awake trying to sign up for Obamacare.A dog in Colorado successfully signed up for ObamaCare. A dog. This is the kind of thing that happens when your state legalizes marijuana.Snowstorm all over the eastern two-thirds of the United States. Its really sad. Because of the snowstorm, nobody can get to the unemployment office.You know what they did yesterday, they lit up - turned on the White House Christmas tree down there in Washington, DC. The entire week before they turn on the Christmas tree, Joe Biden, the Vice President, is in the basement of the White House untangling the lights.You see that picture where the President was using an iPhone to take a selfie and it was him and?it was the guy from Great Britain and the woman in charge of Norway or whatever, Denmark, yeah. And I thought it was interesting. He knows how to operate the camera to take a picture, but they cant figure out how to operate the Obamacare website.Im fascinated at how celebrities celebrate Christmas. For example, right across the river, the Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, a lot of people like to throw tinsel on their tree. The Governor likes to throw spaghetti on his tree.Chris Christie was having a feud...with the mayor of Fort Lee, New Jersey. So, he closed down the George Washington Bridge. It was traffic snarled up for hundreds of miles. Day after day. Im telling you, this guy, you cant say power hungry without hungry, you know what I mean.Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey, apparently some goons in his office closed the George Washington Bridge as a prank. And they have the emails to prove it. Now, this is what I dont understand. You got a major political figure. You have the busiest bridge in the world. Dont put anything in writing. ? Do what I always do when I have something top secret to discuss. I go to the bowling alley and use the pay phone.Christie is saying he knew nothing about it. It was all his aides. He had no knowledge of the closing of the bridge. He is trying to distance himself from the scandal. And this is a big guy. You want to distance yourself from something when youre that big, you got to go to Mars.Its been a lousy week for Governor Christie. I mean, first the bridge scandal and now the nationwide Velveeta shortage.[Referencing the closing of the George Washington Bridge] And you know why this is such a big deal? Because Chris Christie wants to be President of the United States. And this will be good because we havent had a president of this country with goons since Richard Nixon, so were very, very excited about that.And you know, the Mayor of Fort Lee upset the Governor of New Jersey, so he got back at him by allegedly blocking traffic on the George Washington Bridge. But usually when Chris Christie is blocking the line, its the buffet at Golden Corral. Thats a different story.How about that Chris Christie, ladies and gentlemen. ? Yesterday, had the annual State of the State Address and he said, he emphasized that he has stopped, single-handedly?jobs from leaving New Jersey. Of course, he closed the bridge. He said crime in New Jersey is down. Of course, he closed the bridge. They cant get in. He said he created a single biggest turnaround in the history of the state. You cant turn around, he closed the bridge![Commenting on the George Washington Bridge controversy] This is what they want to know from Governor Chris Christie. ? They want to know what?did Chris Christie know? Thats what they are saying. What did Chris Christie know, and when did he eat it?[Referring to international criticism of anti-gay laws in Russia] Because of the controversy, Vladimir Putin says that gay athletes will not be targeted during the Olympics. Whoa, thanks a lot, Vlad. I think we can take your word for it!A couple of months ago, he decided it would be good if his staff closed down the George Washington Bridge and didnt tell him they closed it down. They prank him a lot like that. But anyway, he says the scandal - this is a quote now from Governor Christie - he says the scandal has made him readier to be president. Has made him readier. R-e-a-d-i-e-r. Has made him readier. Thats one of those made-up words like, McRib.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie won reelection?and now they swore him in yesterday, and I think he raised his right hand, put his left hand on a cookbook. And then, instead of the oath of office, by mistake, he recited Red Lobsters pledge to customers.The office of Governor Chris Christie is extremely displeased with the sloppy reporting displayed by The New York Times in their coverage of the accusations made by former Port Authority Chief David Wildstein. The Governor would also like to take this opportunity to highlight a few other things he believes are sloppy: meatloaf with gravy, nachos, barbecue ribs, meat lovers pizza, buffalo wings, hot fudge sundaes, and chili dogs.Yeah, the Russians are not ready. You heard it here first. They are not ready for the Olympics. The Russians are not ready. You know, Im blaming it on Obamacare.[Referencing George W. Bush] He still gets confused on Presidents Day. Every Presidents Day morning he gets out of bed really early, runs downstairs to see if theres presents under the tree.[New York City Mayor] Bill de Blasio?wants to reduce the speed limit in New York City to 25 miles an hour. Let me tell you something, New Yorkers change tires going faster than 25 miles an hour.President Obama met with Mexican President Enrique Nieto and he had bad news for Enrique. He told him that the US is ending its dependency on foreign weed. We dont need your foreign weed.[Referring to President Obamas trip to Mexico] This was a rare trip for Obama. Usually he sends Dennis Rodman.Obama had a message for Mexicans. He said if you like your fajitas, you can keep your fajitas.Hey, you know in Florida there is a guy running for Congress, 101 years old. Yup. And despite what you might?think, the guy is actually quite a progressive. He wants to expand Medicare. He wants to fix Social Security. He wants to let women vote. Hes really wide open.So, the Russians are at it again. Over the weekend, they - you know, the Olympics are done, they have nothing to do - so they invade Crimea. And so President Obama is steamed. And he says to Putin, he said, Look, pull your troops out of Crimea or the US will not attend the next G-8 summit. And I said, Well that will show him. By God, that will teach him. Wait a minute. Putin will think twice about it now. Last thing he wants to do is offend the United States so they stay home from a summit meeting. That looks pretty bad on your record.[Referring to the conflict in Ukraine] Putin said he did not invade the Crimea. What are those, mall cops? I mean, he said he did not invade Crimea, and he said the tanks that you see rolling through the streets - he said thats just part of the closing ceremonies of the Olympics.US is talking about imposing sanctions on Russia. Vladimir Putin, heres what he had to say about the sanctions. He said if the United States imposes sanctions on Russia, they will hit back like a boomerang. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said, Meringue, did I hear someone say meringue?Another evil dictator, Kim Jong-un - they held an election in North Korea, Kim Jong-un was reelected and it was a squeaker. He received 100 percent of the vote. And they say when the absentee ballots are counted, that percentage could even go higher. No one has ever won North Korea without winning Ohio. And he humiliated his opponent, Mitt Jong Romney.[Referring to President Obamas trip to New York] And then, during the day, President Obama went shopping at the Gap. Im telling you, there hasnt been so much security at the Gap since the time Lindsey Lohan showed up.[Referring to John McCains trip to New York] And earlier today, John McCain, who was also in town, was seen shopping at the Really Old Navy.Yesterday, Washington had a big power outage, and I thought Well, wait a minute, I think the Obama Administration has been without power the entire second term.[Referring to power outage in DC] It was so dark down there in Washington when the power went out, the only thing that was glowing was John Boehners face.President Obama is meeting with the G-7 leaders and it must be fun for him now to put faces with the voices on the wiretaps.Lets talk about your March Madness - do you know what Im talking about with March Madness? It starts out with 68. Then it goes to 32. And then it drops to 16. You know what its like? Its like President Obamas approval rating.Yeah, so the Presidents over there in Europe - hes at the Hague talking to people about stuff, and his wife, the lovely Michelle Obama, is in China, on tour in China. I was thinking, you know how you have your little secret thoughts how the world could be better? ... I wonder if while shes over there, she could get him to do something about those leaky cardboard takeout containers.Vladimir Putin was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize, and two weeks later, he invades Crimea. What a hip guy, right? So, now the United States doesnt want to get involved. Were sick and tired of wars. We dont know what to do. Heres what they did. They tossed him out of the G-8 meetings. I mean, its like being told you cant go to the daytime Emmys.[Referring to President Obamas Brussels trip] Thats where President Obama has been. He went to the G-8 meetings. And I said, What? Hes filling in for Dennis Rodman? What happened there? Shouldnt he be at the G-8?So, you know that evil Russian President Vladimir Putin, and he and his wife got divorced and they have been married?for over 30 years. But they split up last summer after she caught him invading Georgia.Well, Chris Christie. What a guy? He closes, allegedly closes, down the George Washington Bridge. Everybody goes crazy. Theres investigations, theres subpoenas, and he says, Ill handle this. Im going to investigate myself. So, he investigates himself. He finds out that he, in fact, is innocent. He came up with a classic defense - If the pants dont fit you must acquit.The Republicans are now claiming President Obama is indecisive. Thats what the Republicans are saying - think hes indecisive. I said, Well, maybe he is. And maybe he isnt. I dont know! So what!Have you been following the situation in the Ukraine? Its lousy, isnt it? ... And now, evil Vladimir Putin?says?If I were drowning, President Obama would rescue me. And I thought, Well, lets give that a try.And today is bring your sons and daughters to work day. ? But if you think about it, take your kid to work day, thats how we ended up with George W. Bush, isnt it?You know President Obama, listen to this. In the middle of his second term, his approval rating once again dropped. Its down. Heres how low President Obamas rating is - his secret service code name is George W Bush. Just that low.Well, ladies and gentlemen, the Republicans in Congress voted no on the minimum wage. Wow - thats not the Republicans I know. I think theyre confused. Were supposed to apply the economic sanctions to the Russians, ladies and gentlemen.Well, we have a minimum wage in this country and theyre trying to raise the minimum wage. Make minimum wage actually livable. I think right now you cant actually live on the minimum wage, so theyre trying to raise the minimum wage. ? A guy on minimum wage now earns less than $300 a week. Thats minimum wage in the United States. Thats embarrassing. If thats the minimum wage?I tell you something. The Speaker of the House - that John Boehner - he spends more than $290 a week on spray tan.Let me be the first on behalf of the staff and crew here at CBS and The Late Show to wish you a happy Cinco de Mayo, ladies and gentlemen. Earlier today, Joe Biden pardoned a burrito.You know, Karl Rove is claiming now that Hillary Clinton suffered brain damage. You know, I get brain damage listening to Karl Rove? Are you like that?President Obama was here yesterday, ladies and gentlemen. ? He was touring New York sites in desperate need of repair. You know, he wants to spend money on the infrastructure of the United States. So he was going around New York City showing people - well this needs fixing. For example, Port Authority needs fixing. Where the buses and the trains and everything - that needs fixing. Penn Station, same thing. That needs a little help over there. Also in big, big structural trouble, the Knicks. He wants to fix them.He went up to the Hudson, up to the Tappan Zee Bridge, which is beautiful. ? And the Tappan Zee Bridge - the renovation is finishing up way ahead of schedule, like Obamas second term.Oh, the big story now, the United States has traded an American POW for five Taliban prisoners. So, five Taliban guys from Gitmo, one American prisoner in Afghanistan. The deal originally included Joe Biden, and the Taliban said, No.[Referencing the US-Taliban prisoner exchange] But its a five-for-one deal and the people said to President Obama, Where did you get the idea for this five-for-one deal? He said, Well, there was a big sale at Joseph A. Bank.The worlds going crazy. We bring back a POW from Afghanistan and?to get him back, we traded five Taliban thugs in return for the American POW. And now everybodys gone crazy. ? Should we not have done it? Nobody knows anymore. People say its the most controversial trade that has taken place since NBC traded me here to CBS.I just saw it backstage. CBS is trading me for five Taliban prisoners. Is that right?President Obama, and you got to admire him for this, says that the United States never leaves soldiers behind, and thats because we never leave.[Referring to Bowe Bergdahls release] And you know the guy was in a prison, Taliban prison, for five years?now recovering in a hospital in Germany. The reason he is recovering in a hospital in Germany is because he couldnt get into a VA hospital until 2020. Thats why.You know who resigned - Jay Carney, White House Press Secretary. What a grueling job that is. He had it two-and-a-half, almost three years. And it really is tough, because you have to go out there every day and lie to the press. ? You have got to make stuff up on your feet like Im doing here tonight.And I tell you, talk about stuff that makes you wacky. The prisoner exchange, the five Taliban prisoners for the one American POW? I mean, are we going to get to the bottom of this story? Theyre now saying that the kid that we brought home from the Afghanistan prison may have been a deserter and Chris Christie said, Dessert!Well, so now like the campaign wont be long enough and here we are, the summer is barely beginning. Do we think Hillary Clinton will run for president? Do we? Do we care if Hillary Clinton runs for president? I tried to look for little subtleties, little nuances. And Im no political expert and no pundit or figure, but she has a new book out of her experiences as Secretary of State, and instead of a book jacket, you know when they put a book jacket on a book, hers is wearing a pantsuit. Hillary said, as shes giving away a little hint. She said her staff is now doing internal polling. I thought, Oh my God, no. Thats what got her husband in trouble, come on, no. Please.President Obama went for a walk and went to a Starbucks. So Im thinking, if this guy can have coffee at Starbucks, the economy must be improving. Right, if you can afford that kind of thing there?[Referring to House Majority Leader Eric Cantors Tuesday primary loss] He spent five million on his primary campaign?five million dollars. Ladies and gentlemen, what is wrong with this country when you can no longer buy an election?Over the weekend, President Obama got his annual presidential physical. His cholesterol is up and approval rating is down. Obama wants to lower his cholesterol, but Congress is blocking him. The doctor said he passed his physical, and its the first thing hes passed in the second term.Well, President Obama is sending a couple hundred troops into Iraq. We spent six years trying to figure a way to get out of Iraq. What are you gonna do? They say this time there is an exit strategy. Barack Obama has an exit strategy. 2016, hes gone.[Commenting on World Cup] Soccer is one of those things that the rest of the world cares more about than we do. You know, like healthcare, education, gun control - hey, were not interested in any of that.But if you love soccer, you have to wait four years for a World Cup, and its like making an appointment with a VA doctor.The World Cup is an event that happens every four years, like a Mitt Romney presidential campaign.President Obama is sending troops back to Iraq. He said, Dont worry. We should not be there any longer than a Kardashian marriage.You know whos angry - I mean, really livid?very angry - at President Obama is former Vice President Dick Cheney. Have you heard what he is saying about Obama? He says, I give the guy a perfect [bleep] storm and he screws it up. Thats what he said.Actually, Cheney is saying that Obama was wrong about many things. Weapons of mass destruction, he said - no, wait a minute that was Cheney who said that. Said to be treated as heroes - no, Cheney said that also. Said that the war would last only a couple of weeks - no, that was Cheney too. Well, Im sorry, its all Dick.You know, they captured the guy who was running the attacks in Benghazi. And the Senator?Lindsey Graham from South Carolina says that you shouldnt torture the guy. We should just spend some quality time with him. He was being sarcastic. Dont bother torturing the guy, spend some quality time. When I spend quality time with my family, it is torture. But I tell you, I think we can all agree, if you are going waterboard the guy, December is the perfect time, right? Who doesnt enjoy a nice waterboarding.You know where its bad now? Iraq, oh my God. Did you see this coming? It was bad, and now its getting worse and?President Obama, normally a cool guy, but?today he was saying he might have to send in Dennis Rodman. And then later in the day, he phoned Hillary Clinton and asked her if she could start early.They had a big fundraising softball game up at Yankee Stadium, and you know who was playing in the fundraiser? New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Hes a pretty good athlete. Im not trying to be snarky about this, but he had a great day at the plate - and Im talking about lunch.[Referring to the controversy surrounding the Washington Redskins name] So, new name for the Washington Redskins. Well, they havent had much luck in the last four or five seasons. Theyre kind of stumbling. They cant get out of their own way. What about Washington Congress?You all know Dick Cheney. He was Vice President with George W. Bush. They were like buddies. He was like his sidekick. It was Cheney who championed the idea that Iraq was hiding weapons of mass destruction. ? Guess what, Dick Cheney - even now, to this very minute - believes there are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, even though weve looked. Weve scoured it. Weve been all over the place - up and down, everywhere. Weve made phone calls. Weve done everything we possibly can do. He still believes there are weapons of mass destruction, and I still believe Im going to get The Tonight Show.You know the Republican convention is going to be held in 2016 in Cleveland. And they outbid, they defeated New York City. ? Cleveland beat New York City, and Im thinking to myself, wait a minute, this is not right. What, hookers and bribes dont work? What is the problem?LeBron James going back to Cleveland, ladies and gentlemen. In return, Cleveland released five Taliban prisoners.The winning German soccer team received a congratulatory phone call from Angela Merkel. We, of course, know this because were still bugging her phone.Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey, is in Iowa campaigning at a big Iowa cookout. ? Because this is what you do if you want to be president. And hes out there all day telling people that the hot dog line is closed for a traffic study. And if you are attending this campaign cookout in Iowa, please - this is sort of like the running of the bulls in Pamplona - do not get between the Governor and the potato salad.Guess who else just had knee replacement surgery? George W. Bush. Knee replacement surgery. Apparently hes doing just fine. He was very worried about this because he was afraid they would not be able to find a donor.[Referring to Bushs knee replacement surgery] Its a very expensive operation, but not as expensive Operation Iraqi Freedom. Not as expensive as that.Dick Cheney? He is saying that President Barack Obama is the worst President in his lifetime. So apparently when they took out Cheneys heart, they also removed his sense of irony.You know Hillary Clinton - they think shes going to run for president. ? Well, a college roommate of Hillary said that she really loves smoking that weed. That they could not keep enough weed around, and dont make the mistake of getting yourself between some weed and Hillary Clinton, because you just get trampled. Weed, weed, weed. So now?maybe shell be President of the United States, and how about that White House vegetable garden now, ladies and gentlemen?The price of bacon is at an all-time high. Its been a tough year for Governor Christie.Theres a new study out that says that Republicans are more religious than Democrats. ... But I dont think that includes President Obama praying every day for his term to end.President Obama is sending troops back to Iraq. He said, Dont worry, we should not be there any longer than a Kardashian marriage.You know whos angry - I mean really livid, really very, very angry at President Obama - is former Vice President Dick Cheney. Have you heard what he is saying about Obama? He says, I give the guy a perfect storm and he screws it up![President Obama] had to cut his vacation short two days to go back to Washington. You know why? Vice President Joe Biden had locked himself out of the White House.You know the governor of Texas, Rick Perry? Remember Rick Perry in the last presidential race? Good looking guy. Well, hes been arrested, fingerprinted and they took his mug shot, handcuffed him. Hes being indicted, and hes governor. He sounds like presidential material to me.I mean, do we really want a president whos got to check in with his parole officer? But Perry says he will fight these charges with every fiber of his being. And Im thinking, if this guy has taken half the fiber Im taking, thats a lot of fiber.[In reference to the California earthquake on Sunday] I mean, were not kidding around. Six point zero is so powerful it knocked Arnold Schwarzenegger off his housekeeper.President Obama watched the Emmys and said the US would be out of the Emmys by 2017.President Obama shows up at a press conference, and hes wearing a beige suit. The Republicans, they would just rather have a beige president. But thats not my problem.[Referring to news of a new iPhone being released soon.] The iPhone 6 is a lot like President Obamas hair - every year its lighter and thinner.President Obama - busy, busy man. And a lot of people say he takes too many vacations. ? But now, President Obama is back on the job and hes visiting Estonia. He said he wanted to be there before Russian tanks rolled in.And now, because Chris Christie doesnt know anything about foreign policy, because hes been focusing on making lives better in the Garden State. So, now he has to brush up on foreign policy, and he went to Mexico and wherever this guy - remember when he was in Africa? He was followed by ivory poachers? It was awful. Now, hes in Mexico, and he was taunted by a matador. Well, never mind. Hes down there promoting the new guacamole pipeline.Anyway, hes down there in Mexico on a three-day visit to discuss the economic opportunity and growth of Mexico. Thats none of his business, really. But while hes down there, the good people of Mexico have come up with nicknames for Governor Chris Christie. We have ten of them here:Don Qui-Hefty.Enormes Pantalones.Boca Rotund.Dios Meatball.Cinco De Mayonnaise.Lap-Bandito.Chiportly.Gringo Con Carne.Dos Neckis.President Obama is...over there in Estonia for the big NATO summit, and they have a huge agenda - ISIS, Ukraine and the Kate Upton photos.President Obama is getting tough with that Vladimir Putin. Boy, what a bad guy that guy is, that Vladimir Putin. Obama is really getting tough with him. Now hes wearing a much more aggressive shade of beige.Here is the three-part plan that Obama has. First of all, were going to gather intelligence, very important. Any situation, gather intelligence. Next, were going to launch air strikes. Hes not kidding around. And third, his plan is to lose the midterm elections, so hes got a full plate ahead of him.But Dick Cheney says we have to eliminate ISIS. Thats what Dick Cheney is saying. And I thought, Good idea, Dick. Why dont you take them hunting?President Obama announced in the speech the other night, sending 475 military advisers to Iraq. I mean, didnt we finally try to get out of there? Hes sending 475 military advisers to Iraq. Not only that, hes sending 475 military advisers to the NFL.In his speech the other night, President Obama announced that hes counting on the support of an international coalition. ... Right now, we cant get the support of the International House of Pancakes.Chris Christie wants to run for President of the United States, and - because hes been busy as the governor of New Jersey - doesnt know that much about foreign affairs. So, hes traveling the world trying to, you know, brief himself on the current status of world affairs. A couple of weeks ago, he was in Africa. And there, he was followed by ivory poachers. It was awful.You want to go to the White House? Just hop the fence. And one of these trespassers made it all the way to the front door of the White House. When I heard this report, I just said, Oh, for Gods sakes, Hillary, wait your turn!As you know, now, the United States has launched air strikes against ISIS, and its being called Operation Approval Ratings.Heres something bad about autumn - how about the traffic. Did anybody have to get around town yesterday or today? Ill tell you, its crazy. Its because the UN General Assembly is back in session. President Obama is in town. Its like Chris Christie - every major artery is clogged.The UN General Assembly is open - 135 representatives from countries all over the globe, from Great Britain, of course, David Cameron. From France, Fran?ois Hollande. From North Korea, Dennis Rodman. Theyre all here.Did you see?this picture of President Obama getting off the helicopter? I think its - is it Marine One? Is that what they call it, the helicopter? And hes got a cup of coffee in his hand, and there are the Marines, the guard there, waiting as he gets off, and he salutes the marine guards with a cup of coffee. And people are now?referring to it as The Starbucks Salute. I think thats great. What other country - every time our president screws up, its sponsored.But President Obama addressed the UN the same day, coincidentally, Chris Christie addressed the International House of Pancakes.Its quite a responsibility for the President of the United States, addressing the UN General Assembly. And yesterday he spoke on climate change. Today, he spoke on terrorism. And tomorrow he talks about how to buy real estate with no money down.I think the speech was well received. Obamas speech was interrupted 10 times for applause, three times for guys hopping the fence.Evil dictator Kim Jong-un not seen in three weeks. I hate it when a recluse disappears, dont you?By the way, big news for the Clintons. Congratulations to Chelsea Clinton - over the weekend, gave birth to a baby girl. The baby girl will not confirm nor deny whether shes running in 2056.[Referring to White House fence jumpers] One of the guys, a couple of weeks ago, hopped the fence, ran about 100 yards and evaded five security guys, actually got into the White House. And today, they let him out of the jail and he was signed by the Jets.Dont you love autumn? Its a beautiful time of year. Down in Washington - speaking of the White House - the squirrels rounding up the nuts on the lawn, which is more than the Secret Service is doing.Secret Service, I mentioned this, Julia Pierson has resigned. She hopped the fence and thanked President Obama.A couple of weeks ago, President Obama was - this is scary stuff - was riding in an elevator. He was down in Atlanta visiting the CDC and it turns out hes riding an elevator and the guy on the elevator has a gun. This is pretty scary stuff. Not as scary as riding in an elevator with Ray Rice, but still scary.George W. Bush says he thinks Jeb [Bush] wants to be president. Thats pretty scary, isnt it? George W. Bush thinking?Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had a meeting with President Obama yesterday. It was not scheduled. He just hopped the fence, got right in.But this is a serious issue and it apparently happens more often than we know about. The guy a couple weeks ago - did you hear about this? He hopped the fence, actually got into the White House. He got so far into the White House he bumped into Hillarys decorator. And now theyve got Biden sitting on the front porch with a shotgun.The Secret Service Director, Julia Pierson, stepped down because of incompetence. ? Let this be a lesson to all of us. If you want to keep your job in Washington, you have to be an incompetent man.[Referring to interim Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy] The new guy says hes going to tighten up and make it tougher to get into the White House. I said, If they made it tougher to get into the White House, we wouldnt have had the last three presidents.Evil Russian dictator Vladimir Putin nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize. Yes, he will not be able to attend the ceremony. That week, he will be invading Poland.[Referring to the recent lunar eclipse] But the moon was glowing red, which means that the Republicans have gained another seat in the Senate. Thats what that means.Well, news from North Korea. Kim Jong-un is missing. Nobodys seen evil dictator Kim Jong-un for about a month now. And his daughter, Kim Kardashian-un is worried sick. President Obama is concerned. Hes sending in Dennis Rodman.Theyre getting ready for Halloween down there at the White House. They have a big pumpkin carving and, you know, the cool thing about it, the pumpkins theyre carving came out of Michelle Obamas vegetable garden. She raised pumpkins theyre using for the jack-o-lanterns, and the knife that they use to carve came from a guy who hopped over the fence.Vladimir Putin was nominated for a peace prize but did not win the Nobel Peace Prize. Earlier today he said, who do I have to kill to win a Nobel Peace Prize?For the last two months, evil North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has been missing. ... Well, apparently he is back in public, and it turns out he was buried in the end zone at Giants stadium.Heres the top ten list, everybody. Lets go. Top ten things Kim Jong-un had to say after his 40 day absence?Did you miss me?Thats the last time I fly Southwest.I just needed a few weeks on my un. (Now do you miss me?)My inbox would be so full if we had the Internet.One minute Im eating soup with Dr. Nancy Snyderman. Next minute Im in quarantine.I could have spent another year in Branson.Guess who caught the bouquet at Clooneys wedding.Is Letterman dead?Long story short, The View went with a different co-host.I tell you, though, I think Mitt Romney would make a great president in a movie. But its interesting - Ann Romney, Mitt Romneys wife, says that if Mitt Romney were president now, Vladimir Putin never would have marched into the Ukraine. Im thinking, whoa, yeah, if theres one thing Putins afraid of its Mittie.All over the campaign trail, people have been chanting, Run, Mitt, run! Most, of course, are Hillary supporters.President Obama was out playing golf today. This guy can really smack - he hit one tee shot 250 yards. Even the ball is trying to distance itself from him, even the ball.Well, I mean, it keeps happening - the White House computers. You know what happened - they were hacked. Yeah, and they stole all of Michelle Obamas secret kale recipes. And then, then they uploaded to the computer naked photos of Joe Biden.Yesterday was the New York City Marathon. A lot of Republicans won in a landslide.Anybody last night watch that [Nik] Wallenda guy? He first went across the Niagara Falls, then across the Grand Canyon, and last night he walked between two skyscrapers in Chicago. He got his start in this line of work as a White House fence jumper.This is what happens when we have the midterm elections. The Republicans, of course, have turned against Obama, and also the Democrats have now turned against Obama. Its a lonely, lonely gig being president, ladies and gentlemen.Boy, it was a big night for the Republicans, big night for the conservatives. Rush Limbaugh broke out the OxyContin. ? Even the Washington Redskins are demanding the Democrats change their name.The governors race in Florida - very close. They had to wait all night to count the crooked ballots.The new senator from Iowa, Jodi Ernst, says Were heading to Washington and were going to make them squeal. I said to myself, Lady, its the United States Senate. Its not a bachelors party.You know what happened today? When is this going to stop? There was another fence-jumper at the White House. Yeah, this time it was Obama trying to get out.How about that election night? ? Heres the breakdown: The Republicans won the popular vote. The Democrats won the unpopular vote.Its autumn, ladies and gentlemen, and in autumn, when colors turn from blue to red, its exciting.This years Capitol Christmas tree is an 80-foot Sequoia they got out of Pennsylvania or some place like, that easily defeated the Democratic tree.The Republican juggernaut pounded the Democrats, and the pundits, experts say they will not really know what happened to the Democrats until they find the black box.Hey, but there was some good news for the Democrats. Down in Florida, they found some more Al Gore ballots.President Obama, meanwhile, is in China. You know who else is in China? Evil Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. Theyre both in China at the same time. Its like running into your ex-girlfriend on vacation.President Obamas in China, and hes over there with the Chinese president, and theyre putting together an agreement to end climate change. How about that? And, you know, the Republicans will pencil-whip that right through.But the historic agreement between President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping - and theyve agreed to keep their thermostats at 72.Once youre president, you cant go anywhere without causing trouble. President Obama shows up in China, hes chewing gum, they go crazy. Hes chewing gum - a big stink because the Presidents chewing gum. And you think, the Chinese are so easy going about human rights. Whats the problem? I mean, child labor? Not a problem. Censorship? Not a problem. Torture? Not a problem. Chewing gum? Oh, my God. You better not?be over here chewing gum.They say people are...going to the Middle East and signing up for ISIS. Its a scary thought, if you think about it. Its like just going to Fort Lauderdale.Well, ladies and gentlemen, midterm elections have come and gone, and you can still feel the apathy.Well, they had the G-20 summit, in Brisbane, Australia. Tough guy Vladimir Putin is there, leaves early, goes back to Russia because hes tired. Poor little guy is all worn out from all that invading and stuff.Pope Francis will be here in the United States for a visit. ? What a Pope. This guy is in favor of gay rights, female priests, contraception. You know things are strange when the Pope is more progressive than the Republicans.Mitt Romney leads all presidential candidates in a poll they took in New Hampshire. I mean, we havent had Thanksgiving yet, and already its leftovers.Prince William and Kate Middleton in New York City! We have got to do something about immigration!On a medical note, turns out that President Obama has acid reflux. A lot of people have the acid reflux. Had a sore throat, went to the hospital, they diagnosed it as acid reflux. Talk about irony - not covered by Obamacare.The big CIA report was released today. Its like 6,700 pages long. Its, by the way, perfect stocking-stuffer for Christmas. Absolutely. But the report does not specifically use the word torture. Theyre still referring to it as a traffic study.[Referring to the Senate CIA interrogation report] It turns out this torture activity was going on and George Bush had no idea that this was taking place. The CIA was doing all of this torturing activity, and George Bush - and I thought, now, wait a minute. This doesnt sound like the George Bush I know.Dick Cheney - have you heard him talking about the CIA torture report? He says the torture report is full of crap. Thats good enough for me. Hes a regular Churchill, isnt he, that Dick Cheney?Jeb Bush thinks hes going to run for president, and if youre excited about that, then you dont remember the first two Bush presidencies.To demonstrate transparency, Jeb Bush released 250,000 emails. Most of them are blank ones from his parents, but, still.Dick Cheney was talking about the torture report, and he said that he would torture again in a minute. Dick Cheney said I would do that again in a minute. And I thought, A minute of torture - that sounded like Dicks honeymoon.A big prisoner swap with Cuba. A man who has been incarcerated in Havana for five years is back home in the United States and free. Now, we sent them some prisoners. The deal still has to be approved by President Obama and Bud Selig.Ladies and gentlemen, it seems like Jeb Bush will be running for president. And Im telling you, you can feel the monotony, honestly. Cut it with a knife. They say that Jeb Bush is the smartest Bush son, and talk about damning with faint praise. Thats like being the smartest Kardashian.Well, we have diplomatic relationships now between the United States and Cuba. There was a 45-minute phone call between President Obama and Raul Castro. So another pretty big success for eHarmony.com.And I dont pretend to understand the nuances of this diplomatic relationship thing, but there was a prisoner swap between the US and Cuba. We get a man named Alan Gross, who has been in prison for five years, and Cuba gets Eva Mendez.The Republicans are upset about this. But the Republicans and Cuba have something in common. They both believe its still 1955.You know Jeb Bush? He wants to be president, and he said at first he was delighted about the diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, and then later in the day he said we should not be negotiating with Cuba. So you see, this guy really is presidential material.President Obama and his family are spending the holidays in Hawaii, and while theyre gone, they got a fence-jumper to house sit.Tomorrow, President Obama will be in Hawaii playing golf with Raul Castro and the Pope.Oh, by the way, the Popes birthday being celebrated by taking some friends to see The Interview.Hey, heres some good news - the Russian economy is tanking. Its gotten so bad, today Vladimir Putin had to pawn his stolen Super Bowl ring. And Putin will finance his next invasion on Kickstarter.[Referring to North Korea leader Kim Jong-uns birthday celebration] Kim Jong-un had a quiet celebration. He gathered family and friends together and celebrated by executing a few close friends.This down in Washington, DC. The senators all have a swimming pool, and the male senators use the swimming pool, swim in it naked. Ooh! Ladies and gentlemen theres not enough chlorine in the world!Mitt Romney announced hes considering a third run for the presidency in 2016. Immediately after making the statement, seismologists recorded a momentary tremor in the earths crust, which they attribute to every person on the planet simultaneously rolling their eyes.Paul Ryan announced that after a lot of thought, talking it over with family and friends, he is not going to run for president in 2016. Im telling you, this announcement sent shock waves through no one. He called Mitt Romney to tell him he wasnt running for president. Mitt Romney said, Who is this?Happy birthday to former Vice President Dick Cheney. Seventy-four years old. Dick Cheney, 74-years old. Dick Cheney, Vice President. The original American sniper.But down in Pennsylvania, Punxsutawney Phil is the famous groundhog and he will come out of his hole. Today, he got frightened by his shadow, and then he ran back and - no, no, thats - Im thinking of Mitt Romney. Never mind.Hey, Mitt Romney is not going to run for president. He looks like the guy on the underwear package. Too bad that Mitt Romney is not running because, ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you something, he was this close to locking up the Latino vote.Mitt Romney is not going to be running for president. So you know what that means, ladies and gentlemen. ... We are getting closer and closer to President Trump.I like Mitt Romney. He looks like the guy who comes with the picture frame.He looks like the guy who tells the parking lot kid, Hey, hey, be careful with her.But I dont care what you say, I love Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney, he looks like a pilot who locks himself out of the cockpit, doesnt he?He looks like the guy that would play a president in a movie about a president. By the way, I have thousands of these Mitt Romney looks-like-a-guy jokes. I have to use them all up before I retire.Downton Abbey, if youre not familiar with the show, is set in 1916, same as the Republican Party.Mitt Romney was going to run for president, now is not running for president. Yup, would have been his third attempt. He says that he read the writing on the wall. Now, he means this literally, because one night the Republicans broke into his house and actually wrote on the wall, Do not run!You know whos at the White House today? Angela Merkel, from Germany. She showed up riding on a huge robotic tiger. President Obama met with Germanys Chancellor Angela Merkel. She was at the Grammys last night visiting her daughter Iggy Merkel.Theres always big shots coming in and out of Washington, DC. Angela Merkel is in Washington. The President, chancellor, whatever you call it, of Germany. She and President Obama had a joint press conference. Listen to this - it was interrupted by Kanye West.You know whos crazy popular now? Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The notorious RBG. A couple of weeks ago they had her on the State of the Union Address, and she was nodding off, and she said, yes, in fact, she was nodding off because she had been up all night working on a decision, and at dinner she had a bit of wine, so she had nodded off.Remember when they shut down the government last year? Was anybody in this room affected by not having a government? No. We dont care. I had a buddy of mine works in government. Had a couple of days off, went to the ballpark.You know whos ready to go with the presidential campaign? Jeb Bush. Jeb Bush. He has already got the crooked voting machines lubed up. Hes ready to go. And Jeb Bush already has plans to end the war in Iraq that his brother started. And all he needs is a hot tub time machine.[Referring to the new movie The Lazarus Effect, which opens in theaters on Friday] This weekend, The Lazarus Effect. You know what this is? Its a biblical reference. Its about bringing folks back from the dead. I thought it was a documentary about the Romney campaign, but Im wrong.Heres the Apple Watch. Your Apple Watch gets email. You can send texts on the Apple Watch. Has a corkscrew, nail clipper, tooth pick, scissors, a saw, an awl, tweezers, and a compass. And if you put it on the floor, you can stand on it, and it will tell you how much you weigh. Hillary Clinton could use one of these Apple Watches. She could hook it up to her secret email account!How about those Republicans? You know, President Obamas trying to work out a nuclear deal with Iran and the Republicans are steamed. Theyre crazy about this, so they sent them a letter. The Republicans got together and they sent the country of Iran a letter about the nuclear deal with the United States, and they said if this doesnt work, by God, theyre going to send Seth Rogen and James Franco.And the ayatollah in Iran says he believes that he got the letter, but he thinks perhaps he accidentally threw it out with his Crate & Barrel catalog.So now what? We have the response the guy, the ayatollah, sent back to the Republicans. You know, they wrote him the letter and already he sends back a response. We have a copy of the letter. ... Dear Applicant. Thank you for your interest in the Islamic Republic of Iran. At this time there are no mullah positions open. However, we will keep your resume on file. Thanks again, and Death to America. Sincerely, Ayatollah Khamenei. Wow, didnt even read the letter.How about that Hillary Clinton? Ill tell you something, I wouldnt give Hillarys troubles to a monkey on a rock. Heres what she did. She was Secretary of State, and they said, Well, here, you can have the State Department emailer or you can use your own emailer. And she says, Ill just take my own emailer. So now shes in a lot of trouble. Theres 55,000 emails that she has to release, and theres one trick that they learned easy. They can pick out the ones that came from Speaker of the House John Boehner. They can identify those immediately because, well, the typeface is orange, so they know automatically - so thats not a problem.So they had a press conference yesterday, and Hillary comes out and they said, Well, why didnt you have one emailer device for your personal business and one emailer device for State Department business? And she said, I just wanted to use one device. I dont like using two devices. Now, some politicians use two devices, like Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey. He uses two devices - a knife and a fork.Well, the Secret Service is at it again. ? First they go to Colombia, they get drunk and they have prostitutes with them riding around in the cars. And then there were people hopping the White House fence and getting into the porch and going into the kitchen and fixing themselves sandwiches. They found a Secret Service guy passed out drunk at a hotel room. A lot of trouble with the Secret Service. So they hired a new guy, a veteran Secret Service guy, and brought him back. And its good to see that hes whipped them into shape.What I was talking about is a couple of these guys crashed last weekend, crashed a Secret Service car into the White House. And they had been drinking when it happened. Fortunately, the hookers were not injured.They hit a barrier trying to get to the White House. Same thing thats happening to Hillary.I always liked Mitt Romney. He looks like the guy, the salesman, who follows you around Brooks Brothers.Republicans want to examine Clintons hard drive. You know, theyre all upset with Hillary Clinton and they say, We need these mails. We want to get a look at your hard drive. And I thought, Wasnt that the last Clinton scandal?Everybody was upset that Vladimir Putin was missing, and he was in Switzerland and everybody was upset because they were thinking of invading. He was there with his girlfriend, and his girlfriend had a baby in Switzerland, and they had to go to Switzerland because in Russia, child birth is not covered by Putin-care.And now, more proof that the world has gone crazy. Mitt Romney, two-time Republican presidential candidate, is going to fight Evander Holyfield for charity. Hes my age. Hes going to fight Evander Holyfield for charity, and I hope they save some of that money for funeral expenses.You know whos running for president - again? Donald Trump running for president. Hes already selected his cabinet: Gary Busey, Lorenzo Lamas, Lisa Gibbons and Meatloaf.Earlier today, Texas Senator Ted Cruz announced he was running for president. You know what I find interesting about Ted Cruz? He was born in Canada, his father fled to the United States from Cuba, yet Ted Cruz is against immigration.Ted Cruz could be president of the United States and if you thought the Secret Service was drinking before... Well...President Obama and Hillary Clinton had lunch. ? And, of course, Hillary had a private server.You know who wants to be president? Ted Cruz, senator from Texas. ? That means hes one step closer to being a Fox News analyst.Republican Congressman Pete King called Ted Cruz a carnival barker. ? Now that is such an insult to carnival barkers.Mitt Romney will step into the boxing ring, and he will be fighting Evander Holyfield, who, to my knowledge, has never run for president?all for charity. They believe Mitt Romney will last for about as many rounds as Villanova.Im told now that we are very close to having a deal with Iran on its nuclear program. Iran will give all their nuclear materials to Vladimir Putin for safekeeping. What could possibly go wrong?President Obama - I think this will be the third or fourth time hes going to Kenya - taking a trip to Kenya. ... Donald Trump said, While youre there, pick up your birth certificate.Ted Cruz also moving to New York City. Hes looking for an apartment with a narrow view.Marco Rubio is?going to announce that hes running for president. Its a big month for Marco Rubio. He also announced, last week, that hes leaving One Direction.John Kerry is getting tired of dealing with Iran over the nuclear arms deal. He said today, he said, Weve got to wrap up negotiations with Iran so I can start dealing with Indiana.Well, it looks like theyre very close to a deal with Iran over nuclear weapons. ... Dick Cheney said, Come on! Give war a chance![Referring to Indianas religious freedom law] Gosh, I love Indiana. I love it deeply. I was born there. I spent my formative years there. My familys there. I will be buried there. And then Mike Pence comes along and signs this bill into law. That bill is the most embarrassing thing to come out of Indiana since I came out of Indiana.Well, the kids down there in Washington every year, they have the big Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn. The kids found 300 Easter eggs. They found about 10,000 missing Hillary emails. I dont know how that happens.Hillary Clinton, I guess no secret, is running for president. She wants to follow in the footsteps of her husband. She hopes to one day be impeached.Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul - all running for president. The Republicans will have to decide which one of these men can lead the Republicans to another crushing defeat.Hillary Clinton is traveling the country in a van. And from New York all the way to Iowa. And shes not driving the van. Shes sitting in the back telling Bill what to do. Its like when he was president.Hey, you know Marco Rubio?hes running for president, ladies and gentlemen. Thats right. Hes stepping down from One Direction, and hes going to run.Hillary Clinton is now in Iowa, and shes spending every waking minute of her day meeting ordinary people, and its to prepare her for a job in which she will never again meet an ordinary person.It looks like now Chris Christie is thinking about 2016 again, because for a while, it looked like he was ready to go, and then...he and his buddies took down the George Washington Bridge. But now hes saying that it looks like it might be time to hop in and make that run for the White House, to run possibly against Hillary Clinton. But he said hes still thinking it over. Hes got some things he wants to look at. He has some personal decisions he has to make. He has to see how he feels. Its a campaign, its not a menu!Right now, Hillary Clinton is in Iowa, virtually going door-to-door, every home in Iowa. I mean, a Jehovahs Witness finally got fed up and said, Get lost! Get out of here!Hillary is in Iowa to listen to what the people are saying. because if you want her to speak, that will cost you 200,000 dollars. So shes there listening.[Clinton] is driving around in a van, and, you know, sometimes people get those gag bumper stickers they put on the van. Hillary has one on her van, and it reads, If this vans a rockin, Im deleting emails.Jeb Bush is running for president. ? He has to run and win. But before he does that, hes got to distance himself from his brother and his father. He has to distance himself from what they call the Bush Brand. He has to distance himself from that brand. ? And thats why you hear Jeb Bush all the time saying, I am my own man. Jeb Bush keeps saying that, I am my own man. Now, on the other hand, Governor Chris Christie is also sniffing around the White House. When hes out on the campaign trail, hes always saying, Im my own man, plus another guy.Have you seen [Wisconsin Governor] Scott Walker? When I say Scott Walker, you know who Im talking about? Have you seen this guy? He looks like a high school shop teacher who is fed up with the kids.Oh, you know, down in Washington, whos in town - the prime minister of Japan. And the White House, busy throwing a formal dinner. And it was beautiful. Michelle Obama. And she was wearing this?purple dress. Although some people were saying it was more white and gold.But you know what they did? They went out?they bought brand-new china for the White House. Now its not just for like parties and stuff. This will be for next generation, whoever the next president, and the president beyond. And it is a beautiful thing that theyve got. And so this weekend - if you are in the DC area - to get rid of the old china, the Obamas are having a yard sale. So if youre going...go ahead and hop the fence, get a gravy boat.But the new stuff is fantastic. And its durable, and its dishwasher safe. Its called Obama-ware.President Clinton videotaped a special message for the Grammies, and here is an historical note for you.  This is the first time a president of the United States has addressed the Grammies while having sex. Never been done before.Jane Doe #5 talked about how 20 years ago President Clinton attacked her.  So, Im thinking to myself, Well, you know, still got two years left in his term, I guess it is possible he still could be impeached and acquitted again.President Clinton now has enough Jane Does to fill an entire Jerry Springer show.Twenty years ago, thats a long time. This is such an old story, back then Presidents Jane Does were still in single digits.Im no constitutional scholar, and Im certainly no political pundit, no political expert. .  Do me a favor, the next time, in fact before the next time we elect an president, Im begging you, for the love of God, well somebody please do a background check. Medicare commission; Albright-China; Olympic scandal; Movies cost; Polar Bear Club.Hillary Clinton was in town earlier this week. You know, Hillary may be serious now about running for Senate.  Dont kid yourself, the woman is serious about this. Earlier today, she held a press conference to deny that she had ever slept with the President.Hillary is very shrewd.  She has her entire political future mapped out.  Heres how it goes. First, she runs for the Senate from New York.  Wins that. Then she runs for president, gets back in the White House.  She wins that, goes back to the White House, then she cheats on her husband.Its been a pretty good week forThey believe the leading contender for the Republicans is Governor George Bush, Jr.  Well, heres where it gets good. Now some newspaper is claiming they have photos of George Bush, Jr. dancing naked on a bar. Ill tellThings could not be getting worse in the Balkans. You know, the US Navy is running out of cruise missiles. .  A shortage of bombs? Well, hell, call CBS.Theres also reports now that the Iraqis are giving military advice to the Yugoslavians. Yeah, theyre teaching them how to surrender in English.Last night, Dan Rather on 60 Minutes II interviewed President ll Clinton ..  President Clinton said that he did not consider the impeachment to be a badge of shame. Now, he said, in fact, the real badge of shame was striking out with Kathleen Willey.Boy, this thing in Yugoslavia is getting out of hand.  It looks like its just getting worse, just getting uglier.  And President Clinton now is preparing for all-out war. Earlier today he...he told all of the interns to take cover under his desk. Today down in Washington, they had the big Easter Egg hunt. Its on the East Lawn of the White House, and its for all of the kids. Not only did they find all of the Easter eggs; they found $300,000 of Chinese cash.President Clinton is a busy man. On Saturday, during his radio address, he said that no target is off limits.  And I thought to myself, Well, that explains Paula Jones.And, of course, Sunday was daylight savings time. .  President Clinton celebrated in his usual way.  At00 a.m. Sunday morning, he moved an interns hand forward.Last night down in Washington, D.C., at the White House, Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji had dinner at the White House, and I thought this was nice. Clinton, in order to put him in a good mood, Clinton served the Chinese Premier those fortune cookies containing nuclear secrets.Zhu Rongji, the Chinese Premier, says that hes in Washington D.C.  for three things. First of all, he wants to get to know President Clinton a little bit better, number one. Number two, he wants to clear up misunderstandings between the United States and China.  And number three, he wants to get in on some of that hot intern action.Beautiful spring day down in Washington, D.C.  So nice, earlier today, I understand President Clinton actually took an intern outdoors. This is kind of an odd story. Speaking of Washington, there was some kind of a drama.  A red-tailed hawk attacked -- he was flying over-- a red-tailed hawk attacked, like, a duck.  See, theyre flying over the White House. And the red-tailed hawk and the duck, of course, you know, theyre mortal enemies.  I dont need to tell you.  And this takes place right over the White House lawn. And whos your money on in this fight? The hawk, of course, right?  Just knocks the duck out of the sky, drops to the White House lawn.  And then, it really got ugly, because then the hawk had to fight Clinton for the carcass of the duck.  .  Ill tell you something right now.  I know these jokes arent great, ladies and gentlemen, but this is the problem you run into when youre between impeachments.Democrats are trying to raise money.  Heres the deal.  Theyve got that big Kennedy compound down there in Florida. .  Heres the deal.  For $100,000 -- you donate 100 grand to the Democratic party -- you can sleep in the Kennedy compound down there in Florida.  Mm-hmm.  But as always, if you want to sleep with a Kennedy, its free.Things in Yugoslavia continue to be very, very tense.  And President Clinton, of course, receives the daily briefings on whats going on in Yugoslavia -- things like, is there a storm brewing?  Is the coast clear?  Its the same kind of briefings he gets about Hillary.Ill tell you something, these Clintons, in the years that theyve been in the White House, full of surprises.  Hillary has now written a book on entertaining in the White House.  Odd.interesting, isnt it?  I believe the title of the book is, It Takes An Intern.The book contains recipes, all of Clintons favorite recipes, including Hillarys famous impeachment pie.Recipes and a lot of household hints, like how to sober up a Kennedy, theres one. And how, with just a little lemon juice, you can remove DNA.I believe the last book written about entertaining in the White House was called the Starr Report.Yesterday was April 15th, and I hope that you did not miss the deadline for filing your 1998 sexual harassment suit against President Clinton.This is the time of year you find out about President Clinton.  He filed their taxes, and I dont know what they made, but the interest thing to me is that Clinton got a refund. Filed it, sent it off, hes eligible for a refund. And I was thinking, wait a minute, this guys been impeached.  This guys been found in contempt of court.  This guy has lied to the United States of America.  Ladies and gentlemen, shouldnt we be the ones getting a refund on this?Im very excited about something.  Good news - Dan Quayle is running for president.  Dan Quayle announced he was running for president a few days ago in his home state of Indiana.  And Dan said that it is time for a president to reset the moral compass.  And I said, Well, gee, Dan, I dont know.  President Clintons compass seems to be working pretty well. I mean, its always pointing north.Monica Lewinsky is announcing that shes moving to Italy, and shes going to star in a movie. Its going to be like an Italian western movie.  Its unbelievable.  Yeah.  And it sounds great.  I mean, the working title is, A Fistful of Bill.Mayor Giuliani, a pretty good mayor, but hes gone nuts, you understand?  Hes gone nuts.  And hes trying to make the city more livable, more comfortable, and one of the things -- he announced this today -- hes going to try and limit the height of skyscrapers.  People are taking this very seriously.  Ill give you an example.  This morning, coming to work, my cab driver had closed the observation deck in his turban.Theres a book out now that says that at one point, Hillary Clinton hired a private detective to follow her husband.  Ladies and gentlemen, I think I speak for all Americans when I say, Only one, really?Monica, in addition to everything else, is going to Italy.  Shes moving to Italy to star in a brand-new Italian motion picture.  And Im thinking, Well great, finally something to help calm down Roberto Benigni. The movie theyre making over there in Italy with Monica Lewinsky, its a comedy with a little sex in it.  Sort of like the Clinton Administration.Monicas going to be very busy while shes over there in Italy.  Shes not just starring in the movie.  No, no, no.  Thanks to a couple of phone calls from Vernon Jordan, Monica will also be a summer intern at the Vatican.Castros in such a good mood after the baseball team beat the Orioles that he sent President Clinton a box of cigars, and also matches in case Clinton wanted to smoke them.Yesterday, Clinton met with the three former POWs that Jesse Jackson got out of Yugoslavia, and they told him, you know, what it was like to be a prisoner of war.  And Clinton told them what it was like to be married to Hillary.Earlier today, also, (Clinton) fulfilled a lifelong fantasy.  He had oral sex on the autobahn.Todays poll question on Internet site -- Q: How can Dan Quayle boost his popularity in the race for president? A: Wear fake glasses to look smarter; 13%.   Start handing out money; 18%.  Go on WCW and kick some ass; 69%.NATO inadvertently bombed the Chinese embassy, but Clinton, hes sent a letter of apology to the Chinese.  And hes also given them a gift certificate for future nuclear secrets.I dont want to alarm you folks, but we have to get right to the show tonight. I just found out that NATO is under the impression that the Ed Sullivan Theater is a Chinese embassy.  So were going to have to move, get it going.China is upset that NATO bombed their embassy there. As a matter of fact, theyre continuing to protest.  Theyre so angry, they have recalled all of their spies from Washington. Over there in Beijing, they firebombed the Kentucky Fried Chicken store in Beijing.  Thats right.  So for the rest of the month, youll only be able to get the extra crispy.President Clinton is still apologizing.  Hes very embarrassed. .  So Clinton is continuing to apologize to the Chinese, and hes saying now what he really would like to do is personally make it up to Connie Chung.NYC cabs have celebrities, with the recorded message buckle up and take your belongings. You know what Im talking about?  So a couple of days ago, Im riding in a cab, and I hear a voice, and I dont recognize the voice.  And I say to the guy, Do that again. And I keep listening and I keep listening, and it wasnt the tape at all.  It was a tourist locked in the trunk. .  And then, then this morning I get in a cab and the recorded message is Monica Lewinsky reminding me to unbuckle my pants.The Chinese are still very, very upset because over the weekend by mistake we bombed their embassy.  And so, they took it kind of hard, and theyre doing everything they can now to retaliate. You know, they protested for a while outside the embassy in Beijing, and now what theyre doing -- I heard about this plan, and its diabolical -- theyre going to make those white carryout cartons -- you know, you get those things? - - theyre going to make those even leakier.Boris Yeltsin now is in a lot of trouble. Hes getting his ass impeached. What a surprise. .  If somebody had told me there was going to be another impeachment this year, Id of guessed Clinton, right?  Wouldnt you have guessed?  .  I feel bad for Boris Yeltsin, because hes in all of this trouble, and the only thing he ever got from an intern was a refill.And when Air Force One did that, Clinton was injured slightly when he was tossed off a flight attendant.You know, your little buddy, Al Gore, is now running for president.  Did you know Al Gore is running for president?  Bless his heart.  Al Gore is now running for president.  And Clinton -- you know, if theres a guy around who ought to keep his mouth shut, wouldnt you think it would be Clinton?  So hes now shooting his mouth off about Al Gore and his campaign, and he was, according to The New York Times, hes giving, now, Al Gore pointers. Hes teaching him how to behave out on the campaign trail. Hes teaching him how to work the crowds; hes teaching him how to come up with really good sound bites; hes teaching him, you know, how to give a speech while having sex.  All of those things make a difference in November.Clinton said hes teaching Al Gore how to be less rigid.  And Im thinking to myself, Holy crap, I wish somebody would teach Clinton how to be less rigid.Benjamin Netanyahu was defeated by Ehud Barak.  Political experts agree that the reason Bibi NetanyahuEverybodys got Star Wars fever.  Earlier today down in Washington, DC, President Clinton used the force on an intern.Well, my God, it happened again, and this is not funny. NATO accidentally bombed a Star Was ticket line. Honestly, ladies and gentlemen, I wish thered be another impeachment, because Im tired of the Star Wars jokes.In the big Cleopatra movie, you know, she has herself delivered to Caesar rolled up in a giant rug. Its the same way they bring the interns into the Oval Office now.President Clintons been very busy now being the president.  He went down to Grambling State College to give the commencement address, and it was very inspirational.  And he also got three phone numbers. Last time President Clinton saw a cap and a gown, they were evidence against him.President Clinton, when hes talking to the grads, tells them to be -- I think its a very important message -- he tells the kids its important to love what you do.  Thats the message.  Its important to love what you do.  And, oh, by the way, dont get your ass impeached. Bill Clinton and his lovely wife, Hillary, are now going to be vacationing in the New York City area, ladies and gentlemen. .  It may be Long Island, it may be the Adirondacks.  Bill said he doesnt care, as long as its within driving distance of Amy Fisher.You know, Hillary is thinking about moving to New York City and running for Senate. And Im thinking, Well, yeah, shed make an excellent senator.  I mean, look at her record.So shes coming to New York City. This will be her ninth visit to New York City, and they want to move here, and she wants to run for Senate.  Its the first step in her plan to become a two-impeachment family.Now, the Clintons are off on a vacation down in Florida. Theyre going to be in Florida for six days at a wildlife preserve area, a six-day vacation. Theyve got their rhinos, they have giraffes, theyve got the sexless marriage. Im telling you, its like spending the weekend at Michael Jacksons.Lets talk about President Clinton. Hes working very hard now being the President, as you know, and.(laughter).he and his lovely wife, Hillary, are off to Florida.  Theyre spending a six-day vacation at a wildlife preserve, a wildlife compound down there.  Its the Kennedy place -- youve heard of it.The craziest thing of this place, the Wild Oak Plantation, wild animal preserve, Bill came home last night00 a.m., had to tiptoe around a rhino.Latino pop star Ricky Martin is a very nice guy.  We have security guards everywhere today.  We have police.  We have guard dogs.  Everybody backstage has to have a special ID.  Its all cordoned off, to get backstage.  Isnt that amazing?  Were guarding Ricky Martin more closely than were guarding our nuclear secrets.  Isnt that unbelievable?  You can walk right into Los Alamos, take whatever you want.President Clinton is very busy now acting like a president, and theyre down there on vacation in Florida. Theyre at a wildlife preserve. .  Hillarys really enjoying herself. Shes already tagged bills ear to keep track of his mating habits. Clintons hosting a lot of foreign dignitaries, dinner parties, wet t-shirt contests.You know, Hillary is talking about running for Senate.  How many of you, if you live in New York, would vote for Hillary Clinton for your senator?  (Scattered applause and boos.) I think she would make an excellent senator.  I mean, come on, look at her record, for Gods sakes.So theyre thinking about moving to New York, you know, President Clinton and Hillary, and theyre talking about maybe Long Island, maybe upstate, maybe Staten Island. They dont know where theyre going to live, and people saying to themselves, Staten Island? Really, Staten Island? But Clinton is a simple man. He doesnt care, really, where he lives, as long as he has a roof over his head and an intern under his desk.Im very excited. You know, Hillary Clinton, God bless Hillary Clinton.  Shes getting very, very serious. Shes formed an exploratory committee.  Shes raising a lot of money. Shes getting very, very serious. No, no, not to run for Senate. No, shes getting serious about the divorce."Top Ten Signs Hillary Clinton Doesnt Understand New York City.10.  Actually ate a street vendor hot dog.9. Sees Statue of Liberty and asks, Oh, is that new?8. Believes the Mets can take it all the way this year.7. Gave speech to Hasidic Jews in which she promised to fight for the rights of you Amish folk.6. Had an exploratory committee look into what an extended middle finger means.5. Looks at Twin Towers, rubs eyes and yells, Dang! Mamas seeing things!4.  Keeps asking when shell get to meet Batman.3. Featured guest at"Its so hot down in Washington, D.C., earlier today President Clinton dropped his pants without propositioning anybody.Its so hot down there in Washington, the interns are crawling under Clintons desk for the shade.Top Ten Other Lists Kept By the FBINews from the state of Arkansas. Paula Jones...You remember Paula Jones?  Listen to this.  Paula Jones, after all of this, is getting a divorce.  Paula Jones is getting a divorce.  So Im thinking, all right, Paula Jones, getting a divorce.  President Clinton, you know, hell be single, hell be getting a divorce.  Theres a possibility those two kids could finish up that hotel encounter, you know what Im saying?Now, I was thinking about this.  Paula Jones, after all that plastic surgery, she actually may now be too good- looking to be a Clinton girlfriend, you know?Good news, ladies and gentlemen, looks like we have peace in Kosovo, and here, now, is how it works out.  NATO will use a coalition of peacekeepers.  There will be Arabs involved, there will also be Russians involved, and the US Marines.  That will be the peacekeeping coalition in Kosovo.  Its the same folks who handle the security at the Rosie ODonnell show.  So theyre very good.Milosevic, in talking to Clinton, gave him his three demands.  Milosevic had three demands for the settlement.  One, he wants time to remove his troops.  Two, he wants all of the war crime charges dropped.  And three, he wants to get in on some of that hot intern action.You know, Hillary Clinton, it looks like, is going to be running for the New York Senate race. According to the latest polls -- this is very, very exciting -- Hillary Clinton now has a slight edge, in the poll, over that subway dead guy.I think now its official, Mayor Giuliani has gone nuts. You know, the guy has gone...what a nosebleed this guy turned out to be, you know what Im saying? Today he passed a new law. Its now illegal to ride the subway if youre dead. Well, thanks. What the hell are you going to do? It takes the fun out of everything.Well, speaking of dead guys, earlier tonight over there on 20/20, it was all about Al Gore, ladies and gentlemen. Your Vice President, Al Gore.  The whole show was about Al Gore. The first part was an interview with Diane Sawyer, and then the second part, John Stossel exposed Al Gore as a dangerous over-the-counter sleeping aid.Al Gore has announced his candidacy, and Im thinking to myself -- and Im no expert, Im no political pundit -- but Im thinking to myself, You know, theres a good chance Al Gore could be the next President. Look at it this way. Forget the election, you know? Weve still got a year and a half where, you know, Bubba could get his ass impeached again.Al Gore made the announcement in his home state of Tennessee, and I think the guy...you know, people accuse him of being kind of stiff and lifeless. I think hes actually loosening up, because you know, during the speech, he actually made a couple of Monica Lewinsky jokes, and I thought, Wow!Big excitement in the world of basketball. Tonight was game one of the NBA Finals, your New York Knicks against the San Antonio Spurs. ... Its going to be tough. I mean, the Knicks have got some injuries.  Larry Johnson, you know, has got that bad knee, sprained knee. But I think hell be all right. He went to a specialist. Its the same guy who treats all of the White House intern knee injuries.Mayor Giuliani was on the program last week, and you know, its no secret, Mayor Giuliani has gone nuts. And this is now part of his quality of life improvement program here in New York City. Hes outlawing ferrets, wolves, and dingoes. If you live in the city, you may not now have a ferret, a wolf, or a dingo. And Im...you know, thank God! Tired of coming back to the building after a long night on the town, and youre seeing your doorman being dragged off by a wild pack of dingoes!Here, this is my favorite story. President Clintons lovely wife, Hillary, of course, as you know, is moving to New York City. Shes going to run for Senate. Now, Bill Clinton, when he finishes up down there in Washington, hes moving to Arkansas, and hes going to run for Senate. Thats right. Bill Clinton, when hes done being the President, going to run for senator from Arkansas. Sounds to me like somebody wants another shot at Paula Jones.So then, you know, President Clinton is the senator from Arkansas, and youve got Ted Kennedy, and Ted and President Clinton, both senators, and Im thinking, oh, man, will there be enough interns?Every time President Clinton wants to come to New York City for a sandwich, you know, he flies up here on the Air Force One and snarls traffic for, like, a day and a half. . Stay away from us. Leave us alone.  Havent you caused enough trouble already? Stay at home. Stay there in your little White House. We dont want you coming to town.So anyway, Bubba comes to New York City, and.Broadway all the way down to Times Square was -- you couldnt go anywhere. They might have just paved the son of a bitch over, because...Bubba wants to go to a Broadway play.So they call the cast of the Iceman Cometh, and they run in on their day off to do this play, and this play, this thing is like four hours long. And Im thinking, wow, its hard to imagine President Clinton sitting still in a chair for four hours, isnt it? . I think the last time President Clinton sat in his chair for four hours, Monica was under the desk.Dan Quayle making news at a campaign stop yesterday, he has proposed a strict new gun policy for kids caught bringing guns to school.  Listen to Dan. He says one strike, and youre out. Thats Dan. He also reminisced about his school days adding, You know, kids never brought guns to class during my nine years in high school.President Clinton has announced that the governments budget surplus will be a staggering $1 trillion over the next 15 years. . Economists caution that in order for the government to actually collect the $1 trillion surplus, a very optimistic scenario has to take place, including high employment, low inflation, and at some point in the next decade and a half, finding $1 trillion in a bag.Speaking of President Clinton, as part of a fundraising trip in New York City, President Clinton spoke on stage after a performance of the Ice Man Cometh. In a related story, a talk show host made jokes about the title of the play. Whether Clinton had ever been called Iceman. Whether after Iceman cameth, he was subpoenaed by Ken Starr, and whether Hillary was, in fact, the ice woman who never cameth. One type of joke that proved popular, went along the lines that the last show Clinton attended in the New York theatre district required the deposit of a quarter every three minutes.Bill Clinton was out there today saying he has Medicare reform. He wants to give prescription drugs to the elderly so they dont have to pay for it themselves. It is going to cost in the hundreds of billions of dollars.  So because thats so expensive, to save money, theyre trying to do other things in the health programs so we dont have to pay so much. For example, when you want a stress test, instead of hooking you up to the machine, theyre just gonna to have you walk through a high school.Poor President Clinton, he has had to deny, every day now, that he is gonna run for the Senate in Arkansas when he gets out of office. Today he called it crazy. He said, Its a crazy idea. It all came about because, you know, we all use little expressions in our daily life, and somebody heard him say, Im so horny, I could mount a campaign.Hey, good news. Hillary Clinton is coming to New York to be our senator. Shes moving...and theyre saying now that she bought a house in Westchester, and I think its true, because all day long today, Al Gore was sitting there waiting for the cable guy.Im very happy for Hillary that she bought this house in Westchester. It must have been very traumatic emotionally, because, you know, buying a house -- and if you think about it, this is probably the first legal real estate deal shes been involved with. So its a big moment.Thanks to Mayor Giuliani, its now illegal to have a dingo here in New York City. . Not only the dingoes, but from now on, illegal here in NewJackals, skunks, vipers, weasels. Well, great, whos going to run CBS? Thats what Id like to know.Our old friend Marv Albert has been rehired to go back to work with his friends there at NBC, ladies and gentlemen. Thats good for Marv.  Although, you know, Marv will still be the only sportscaster in history to have been impeached.Well, yesterday Republican Presidential frontrunner George W. Bush electrified a crowd during a California campaign swing. Bush gave a speech reminding Latinos they must do their best to keep the American dream alive and stay away from his town car.Former Clinton advisor Webster Hubbell pleaded guilty to concealing aspects of his work related to the Whitewater investigation. On the downside for prosecutors, Hubbell did not plead guilty to having the worlds droopiest lower lip.Now all thats left for special prosecutor Kenneth Starr is to write his final report, which is worth a full 40% of his overall grade.Newsman Sam Donaldson says hes going to have a node removed from his vocal chords this summer and the surgery will prevent him from talking. Unfortunately, Donaldson is expected to make a full recovery.The independent counsel law has finally run out. Ill tell you, around the White House, today, all the interns must have felt like a deer on the first day of hunting season.Bob Barr, do you know who that is? Hes a congressman, one of Clintons chief tormenters. But it turned out when he was going after Clinton that the White House released a lot of stuff about him -- that he was divorced, three times I think. And that he drove his wife to an abortion. Whatever, he turned into a hypocrite. Anyway, he is suing the White House for releasing all this personal information about him and his private life. He says his private life was strained because of this. In fact, now, whenever he gets into bed with the NRA, they roll over and pretend to be asleep.A new poll out says that one out of four Americans cannot name the country that we fought during the revolution. One out of four. And Dan Quayle today said not only does this reflect badly on the one out of four, but it doesnt look too good for the other 99% either.Big Fourth of July, big doings down there in Washington, DC. As a matter of fact, President Clinton, in honor of the colonies winning their freedom from Great Britain, this weekend, President Clinton will have sex with his 13 original interns.In Fridays USA Today, President Clinton cleared up a rumor. He says, I will not run for Senate from Arkansas. He added, Anyone who knows me knows when I get out of office I plan to get out of Washington, write my memoirs, lose some weight, divorce my wife and move to Hooters.The US Defense Department said Thursday Russia may have been trying to test NATO defenses when two bombers penetrated Icelands air space last week. Another theory is that the pilots were simply looking for something to eat.NATO officials warn that if Russia becomes overly aggressive, they will have no choice but to bomb China.Turning our attention to the majestic symbol of democracy and freedom -- no, not Heidi Fleise. President Clinton said the bald eagle is off the endangered species list and is thriving around the country and that the bald eagle is one of the most beautiful things in the world and should be a lesson to closed- minded, prudish people everywhere because,of course, the bald eagle likes to get it on.This marks another miraculous milestone on the road back from near extinction. For Clinton, not the eagle.Big Fourth of July, big doings down there in Washington, DC.  As a matter of fact, President Clinton, in honor of the colonies winning their freedom from Great Britain, this weekend, President Clinton will have sex with his 13 original interns.In Fridays USA Today, President Clinton cleared up a rumor.  He says, I will not run for Senate from Arkansas. He added, Anyone who knows me knows when I get out of office I plan to get out of Washington, write my memoirs, lose some weight, divorce my wife and move to Hooters.The US Defense Department said Thursday Russia may have been trying to test NATO defenses when two bombers penetrated Icelands air space last week.  Another theory is that the pilots were simply looking for something to eat.NATO officials warn that if Russia becomes overly aggressive, they will have no choice but to bomb China.Celebrity birthday today-- Saddam Hussein, 62 years old. Saddam celebrated the same way he does every year, with a quiet party at the Baghdad Hooters.This is my impression of Saddam Hussein opening one of his birthday gifts, and it goes somethingOh, thank you, its a beret!So speaking of berets, Monica Lewinsky, the most popular, most famous woman in the world, as you know, is moving to Italy, and shes going to star in an Italian movie over there. And of course,... thats right, it is A Fistful of Bill is the name of the film.Monica likes being in the movies. She says one day she hopes to have her own action figure. And you know, this is how dumb I am. I thought she was an action figure.President Clinton was at the (World Cup) game. In fact, he got so caught up in the action, he jumped up, yelled -- yelling and screaming when Brandi scored a goal. But, then again, he does that any time a woman rips off her top and drops to her knees.There was one kind of embarrassing incident during the game. I dont know if you saw this. I guess the camera panned the grand stands. They caught Clinton having sex with a soccer mom.After the game, President Clinton, he went by the Chinese teams locker room to offer his condolences. Then Al Gore stopped by to try to raise some campaign cash.According to a report in (the) New Yorker magazine, President Clinton is considering running for the Senate in the year 2002. Clinton says a run for Senate is all part of his plan to make Hillary Clinton miserable for the rest of her life.The President has formed an exploratory committee to see if theres any way he can run for the Senate in his favorite state, the state of sexual frenzy.Down in Washington, D.C., it was so hot down there that the interns were running through the White House lawn sprinklers.Heres the genius of the late director Stanley Kubrick. He uses furniture- - whenever people are having sex, he uses the furniture very artfully, very craftily, so that it disguises, you know, the sexual activity. . Its the same technique Clinton used with his desk.You excited about Hillary running? . Actually she wants to be a senator, and President Clinton, her husband acknowledges that they have differences. She is a liberal Democrat, and hes a philandering perjurer. Hillarys had a little bit of bad luck. Her poll numbers here in New York City have started to dip just a little bit, and the other day she went in to see Eyes Wide Shut and spotted her husband in the orgy scene.The US womens world cup soccer team was down at the White House yesterday, as a matter of fact, you know. And they gave him ... They gave him a game jersey, and Clinton got all excited because its the first time in a long time a woman has given him a piece of clothing that wasnt considered evidence.I thought this was funny. David Cone, at the ceremony, when they give him the key to the city downtown, he says that Hillary Clinton is pretending to like the Yankees. I thought that was pretty good, you know? But, I mean, look at it this way. For the last 20 years, shes been pretending to like her husband, so...Hillary Clinton, of course, running for the Senate here in New York, and President Clinton, her husband Bill, has admitted they have political differences. For example, Hillary hates it when Bill dates Republicans, just hates it.So listentheres a congressman out on Long Island, elected as a Republican, switching parties, switching now to become a Democrat. Thats interesting, isnt it? Hes elected as a Republican, has announced hes changing allegiance, party affiliation. Now hes a Democrat. Now, here are the three reasons. He wants to be a part of the Democratic vision; he wants to be a part of the Democratic welfare reform; and he also-- and this is the most important reason he switched parties -- he wants to get in on some of that hot intern action.happy birthday to Bob Dole. Bob Dole is 76 years old today. Former senator. Youve heard of him, youve seen him on TV, youve read about him in newspapers. He ran for president a couple of years ago. Bob Dole celebrated thesome Viagra and malt liquor.Hillary Clinton is back on her listening tour of New York state. And earlier today, she heard the fat lady sing.Im walking back to the building from my lunch hour, and I bump into an out-of-towner, and she wants to know how to get to the Statue of Liberty. . and I said, okay maam, I will tell you this, but pretty soon, youre going to have to start learning this stuff on your own, Hillary.Were all very excited, because Hillary of course, is going to be the next senator from the great state of New York. And its going to cost her $25 million to run for senate. $25 million. Shes not worried, because thats like what, two, three shady land deals?The approval rating polls for Hillarys senate campaign, starting to slide, starting to dip. . They started out very high, and now theyre starting to slip, theyre starting to slide. Hillary is not worried. She knows that they will skyrocket once the divorce is final.And Bill, President Clinton, her husband, bless his heart, he said hell do anything he can to help. You know what"another sex scandal.David Letterman : Its a celebrity birthday. Monica Lewinsky, yeah, 26 years old today. The most famous woman in the world, Monica Lewinsky, 26 year sold today. Had a party. I thought this was nice. You know, let bygones be bygones, I say. Let live and let live, or whatever that one is. And in that vein-- you know what Im trying to say-- President Clinton unexpectedly showed up at Monicas apartment dressed ... As a candle."Its so hot in New York City today, Hillary Clinton has changed her mind. Shes running for Senate from Alaska. Thats how hot it is.Jesse Ventura, former professional wrestler, sometime professional wrestling referee, and Governor of Minnesota...hes become like the spokesman for the Reform Party, and he believes that Ross Perot should not run for president on the Reform Party ticket. No, Jesse believes the party needs a much younger wacko.Hillary Clinton, our next senator from the great state of New York, Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton knows how to stay cool when it gets this hot. Earlier today she took a dip in the polls.You know, Hillary is very smart. She dont much care about how shes doing in the polls right now because she knows that she has that core support. She has the embittered wives vote, so she doesnt care anything about the polls.The Clintons are getting ready to take a well- deserved vacation. ... Theyre very busy. Hillary is now converting all that illegal campaign cash into travelers checks.And President Clinton is also busy. He spent the last couple of days wrapping the interns in bubble wrap.So Giulianis down there in Little Rock, and hes only actually in there for a couple hours. He did everything that a tourist does. He met the mayor, kind of a nice deal. He took a tour of the capitol. Had a brief affair with Gennifer Flowers. Hit the road!Al Gore. is not the most charismatic fellow, and so hes just ... Hes kind of just going with that trend, and hes telling people, he says, If elected, I will be your most introverted president ever. . And Im thinking, well, thats a nice change from, well, I guess the most perverted president ever.So George W. Bush now said that he never used drugs in his life. And Im saying to myself, Well, if thats true, he better have a damn good explanation for that picture of him dancing naked on a bar.It was so hot in Washington today, ladies and gentlemen, Hillary Clinton dropped her pants.Good news, ladies and gentlemen. Linda Tripp has been indicted for taping those phone calls with Monica. ... Could go to prison for ten years. ... Linda, Ill wait for you.Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York. Hillary Clinton...says the reason her husband, Bill, our president, the reason Bill chases women is because of a conflict with his grandmother and his mother, you know? Oh, yeah, maternal conflict, maternal conflict. Im telling you, thatll turn you into a philandering perjurer every time.Hillary also said that it will be up to her husband to remain faithful while shes campaigning. But just to be sure, shes going to have Lo-Jack put on his pants.Over the weekend, out there in California, on one of the Los Angeles freeways, Monica Lewinsky has a traffic accident. Did you hear about this? Shes okay. Shes okay. And its interesting, because the police knew immediately when they arrived at the scene that it was her, because of her Id rather be having oral sex bumper sticker.When the police got there, they found her upside down, which is the same way the Secret Service used to find her in the Oval Office.Monica, I mean, God bless her. She knows how to deal with an ordeal. She remained calm during the whole thing. She even inflated her own airbag.When the paramedics first got there, it looked bad, because the vehicle was upside down and they thought they might have to use the jaws of life, you know. And see, thats the coincidence, because, you know, she is the jaws of life.The draught is bad down there in Washington, D.C. earlier today, the President had to cancel the intern wet t-shirt contest.According to a new book, Hillary Clinton apparently had an extramarital affair of her own. Yeah. I want to tell you something, ladies and gentlemen. You know what this means? This family is well on their way to becoming a two-impeachment family.Hillary said that shes going to leave it up to her husband, now, to be faithful while shes out campaigning. Thats going to be his responsibility. Its up to him to be faithful while shes out campaigning.  Yeah. And I think the question we need to ask ourselves is, do we really want a senator who is this gullible, ladies and gentlemen?Over the weekend, Monica Lewinsky, out in Los Angeles, California, was in an automobile accident, you know, turned her car over on the L.A. freeway. Fortunately shes not injured, no. But let this be a lesson to you young women. You know, when youre driving, dont have phone sex with the President, because...the thing will go right over.After the accident, Monica was complaining of a neck injury, and some pains and stiffness. Turns out, it was just an old White House injury.But Monicas doing very well. Doctors say shes coming along, say shell be back on her knees in no time.New York City has horrible air right now. . Weve got some ozone problems. In fact, the air in New York City is so bad, Hillary Clinton has changed her mind, and shes now going to run for Senate from Colorado.Speaking of Hillary Clinton, theres a new book about Hillary that says at one point, she had Barbara Streisand tossed out of the White House. . Had Barbara Streisand tossed out of the White House because she was jealous. And you know what Im thinking now? Well, the next impeachment could be a musical.You know, her husband, Bill, and all the philandering activities Bill, and all those Jane Does and all the running around and grab- ass in the Oval Office. Thats quite a legacy there, aint it? So his wife, now, according to this book, also was having extra-marital affairs. And Im just thinking, oh my God, I mean, youve got Bill, youve got Hillary, and thats not all. Buddy, the White House dog? Buddy, the White House dog, had a one- night stand with a dingo.And now, White House insiders say that Hillary and Bill have become physically passionate. Doesnt it just give you the creeps? Yeah, insiders say that theyve become physically passionate, and three reasonscounseling, prayer, and a dip in the polls.I guess thats good news, that, you know, theres a little heat going on there, a little passion, a little physically...the bad news is, he makes Hillary get under the desk.According to White House insiders, Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton are physically passionate once again. . My God, shell sleep with anybody, wont she?Hillary is now sleeping with the President, so I guess technically, that makes her Jane Doe number eight, number nine, number ten?You know what this means? If the Clintons in fact are actually having sex again, you know what this means? It means that the injuries to Monica Lewisnky are more serious than we thought.Its nice, though. You know, the folks that are married, you probably know this. Its nice, when you have sex with your wife, you dont have to worry about paying her hush money.So heres theHillary says Clinton was having sex with everyone because of a conflict with his mother and grandmother. Okay, thats what Hillary said. Now then, Bill Clinton said, No, no, no, that may not be true. He takes full responsibility, okay? Then yesterday, White House insiders said that Bill and Hillary are physically passionate once again. Ladies and gentlemen, I think I speak for all Americans when I say, Shut up! Shut up! Stop it! We dont care! Please, Im begging you, shut up!Top Ten Ways Dan Quayle Is Trying To Prove Hes Smart. -- 10. No more lengthy pauses while reciting alphabet. -- 9. Claims he knew all along Blair Witch was fake. -- 8. Begins every speech by naming all 27 states. -- 7. Walks around with shoes untied just so he can show off and tie them for photographers. -- 6. Completing crossword puzzle on his Chuck E. Cheese place mat. -- 5. Defeated a Mr. Coffee Machine in a chess match. -- 4. Instead of saying, I dont know, now answering, That information is currently missing from my cranium. -- 3. Challenges reporters to give him two single-digit numbers to add. -- 2. While all those other idiots campaign in Iowa, Dans got Canada all to himself. -- 1. Hes not voting for himself.Today is the 25th anniversary of Richard Nixon leaving office. Its a long time ago, 25 years ago. Back then...those were the days back then when a disgraced president would actually resign.So, the whole thing, as I recall, happened when there was some kind of a break-in at the Watergate Hotel. . In Washington at the White House today to commemorate the event, some interns broke into Clintons pants. Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York. Over the weekend, Clinton discovered that she was Jewish. I have a feeling if Hillary Clinton was running for Senate from Wyoming, she would discover she was Arapaho.So Hillary has some Jewish in her, and its fascinating -- maybe a little more than ironic -- that Monica Lewinsky, who actually is Jewish, has some Clinton in her.Top Ten People Were Pretty Sure Arent Deep Throat -- 10.  Meryl Streep -- 9. Rod Stewart -- 8. Poppin Fresh Doughboy -- 7. Chong (could be cheech) -- 6. The dead guy on the subway -- 5. Anybody whos ever used the word Funkalicious -- 4. Benedict Arnold -- 3. Football legend O.J. Simpson -hes just not the type to get mixed up in any cloak and dagger stuff -- 2. The gay Teletubby -- 1. Deepak Chopra.Your next Senator, from the great state of New York, was in town running for Senate, and I happened to see her. Hillary is in town on her listening tour. And I spotted Hillary on her listening tour, and I stood there when I spotted her, and I stood there, and I listened to her listening.And of course now, Bill Clinton is going to be moving back to New York City. Monica, Monica Lewinsky moving back to New York City. You know, theres still a chance (for) these kids...to get back together. But were all hoping.And Monica, of course, is on a budget. She cant afford a lot. So she cant get a really big place. I heard today she was on the upper east side, looking under a desk.Top Ten Questions On The Russian Prime Minister Application -- 10. Are you or have you ever been a member of the Democratic Party? -- 9. Is it okay if you dont get your salary for a few years? -- 8. Who currently seems more lifelike, Boris Yeltsin or the mummified corpse of Lenin? -- 7. How many lies per minute can you type? -- 6. What do you plan on doing after Boris cans your ass in two weeks? -- 5. Name all 200 former Soviet republics that end in -stan. -- 4. If youre so qualified, why havent you already defected to the SU? -- 3. Are you skilled at computers? If so, why do you think that would matter here? -- 2. Could you deal with Madeleine Albright without getting a breakaway republic in your pants? -- 1.  Commodore or Pip?The Dalai Lama is visiting New York City for the 13th time. . but is he running for Senate also?You know why hes here? To promote Buddhism. Thats right.  And earlier today, not surprising, Hillary Clinton announced that she discovered shes a Buddhist.So Kenneth Starr, that nosebleed, that wanker, is back in the news. Hes saying that in his assessment of Monica Lewinsky, he describes her as being immature and juvenile. Immature and juvenile, Monica Lewinsky. Immature? Monica? Really? This coming from a guy who wrote a 600- page report on oral sex? Immature? Really?The next senator from your great state of New York City, Hillary...New York State, Hillary Clinton was in New York yesterday. Shes looking at houses up in Westchester, as a matter of fact. Hillary Clinton, looking for... Actually, I think she was listening to houses yesterday.Theyre interested in a house in Scarsdale, actually. Seven bedrooms. A big house for Hillary Clinton. Of course thats... Thered be room there for Hillary, and Bill, of course, and then Granny and Jethro... Ellie May, Mr. Drysdale, all of them.Yu know, President Clinton is trying to help Al Gore do what he can to...you know, hes running for president. . So President Clintons doing whatever he can to help him, and yesterday he said that he would always put Al Gore in charge of the country. This is Clinton talking. Always put Al Gore in charge of the country, whenever he was having sex.Theres this book now, and it claims that Bill Clinton is a sex addict. Hes addicted to sex, Bill Clinton. Thats right. And so hes going to go into this therapy. Its called aversion therapy. And the way... the way this...whenever he...whenever he gets kind of the urge, then he will look at a photo of Linda Tripp.Movie star, Hollywood pretty boy, actor, Warren Beatty running for president. Ken Starr heard about the announcement and started to unpack.The scandals already started. Five women today came forward to say they have not had sex with Warren Beatty.But if he becomes president, if hes elected, that means I believe hell be the third president whos nailed Madonna.You folks excited about the presidential campaign? They start earlier and earlier and earlier and were right in the middle of the big campaign. And Im excited. We, you know, we got our work cut out for us, because as Americans, you know, to further the cause of democracy, we have to elect us another boob.Now Clinton is campaigning for Al Gore who wants to be our next president. And Clinton says that Al Gore - hes trying to, you know, pump him up, make him seem like a guy - and he says Al Gore...was involved in everything this administration did. Im no legal expert, but I believe the term for that is accessory.Gerald Ford was at the White House. He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, you know. . Gerald Ford never was involved in a sex scandal when he was in office, although one time I believe he actually fell on an intern.George W. Bush, I guess, in a landslide, won the non- binding straw poll. . Its a coincidence. Thats what I have, a big bowl of that every morning for breakfast.Busy time for the Dalai Lama in the United States. Yesterday he was in Central Park and today he was house-hunting in Westchester.The next senator from the great state of New York, Hillary Clinton, as you know, ... She and her entire family were in the New York City area looking at houses over the weekend, and theyve already...they havent picked a place, but theyve already got a name for the place. Theyre going to call it Disgraceland.But theyre looking at houses now. Hillary found a two- story colonial that she really, really likes, and it makes sense, you know, being married to Clinton. Shes used to two stories.But the Clintons have this house-hunting down to a science. While Hillary is looking through the house, Bill and the real estate agent had sex.How many of you folks still excited about the Iowa straw poll over the weekend? . You know, Gary Bauer came in forth. How about that? Gary Bauer. When I heard that, I guess like everybody else, I got very excited. I mean, Im telling you, I love this guys catalog. Do you get a catalog like once a month from Gary Bauer?You may want to straighten up here, because the Clintons are going to be coming through in a couple of seconds with a real estate agent.Hillary Clinton, by the way, is going to be your next senator from New York. You excited about having... I think were all very excited about it. . and, Hillary, as you know, is doing everything she can to fit in here in New York. First she said she was a Yankee fan, despite the fact that shes from Illinois. Shes a lifelong Yankee fan. Then she discovered one weekend that she was Jewish. Made that discovery. And over the weekend, she was seen walking her dingo.Billary and Hillary. Theyre buying a house, you know. Theyre buying a house in...somewhere in Westchester County. And, you know, picking out a house, thats the easy part. Ill tell you where these kids are going to have trouble is getting a mortgage. Bill and Hillary are going to have lot of trouble getting a mortgage because theyre deeply in debt, they got all them damn legal bills to pay, and Im telling you, when the bank gets a look at that credit report, and sees impeachment, forget it.Bill Clinton doesnt care what kind of a house. You know, hes a very simple guy. Hes from Arkansas, for heavens sake. He only has one requirement. He wants one of those pet doors large enough for Monica to come in and out.Speaking of Monica, I thought this was great now. Monica Lewinsky, and this is true, is designing handbags. A line of handbags. . and Ive seen them, and theyre lovely. Theyre big enough to hold everything for, like, an Oval Office quickie. Theyre perfect.So now, Hillary is running for senate here from the state of New York, so she goes down to Texas to raise money from wealthy oil magnates, you know? In a related story, today Bill Clinton in the oval office spent the afternoon drilling interns.I dont know if you know about this, Mayor Rudy Giuliani . .. Listen to what hes done now. Its now illegal, as of, I believe, Monday, its now illegal to walk through Central Park naked. Damn, there goes my weekend, you know?Yup, Mayor Giuliani madeIt is illegal to be nude in the citys parks. And then he said, well, hell, thats what the subways are for.So now the Mayors going to work on the gridlock. . Mayor Giuliani cracking down on this. Hes getting ready for holiday traffic later in the Autumn, toward the end of the year there, and so yesterday, his huns were out there writing...his jackboots, they wrote 1,200 tickets for blocking the box yesterday. 1,200 tickets. Ah, thatll clear up your traffic problem, wont it? Stop every car at every intersection and write them a ticket?Hillary Clinton, as you know, our next senator from the great state of New York. ... So shes also now concerned about gridlock. So she was up yesterday morning early down in midtown listening to the honking.Hillary wants desperately to prove that she is a New Yorker. Earlier today, she was in Bloomingdales shoplifting.You know, Hillary Clinton is going to be the senator from New York. . So, as a result, the Clintons, of course, got to have a place to live, so Bill, President Bill, Tubby, Bubba and Hillary are looking for a house here in the area, the metropolitan area, and they got a new real estate agent, so things ought to move pretty good now. They switched now to Perjury 21. They were at Century 21.I dont know if I should be telling this, but theyre buying a house in the community of Pound Ridge. . Theyre buying an eight- acre estate. And Im thinking to myself, eight acres? Thats a lot of lawn for Al Gore to mow, aint it?President Clinton and the whole family beginning a vacation today, taking a vacation. I think I speak for the entire American voting public when I say, from what?Itll be a great vacation for the Clintons. President Clintons going to be playing golf and going to fundraisers. Hillary Clinton? Yankee games and bar mitzvahs.The Clintons are vacationing on the island of Marthas Vineyard. Theyre staying at the home of wealthy businessman Dick Freidman. Thats right. Staying at the home of wealthy businessman. You know, the only time this guy pays for a hotel room...is when he wants an afternoon quickie.President Clinton is 53 years old today. Congratulations to the President. Hes 53. He had a big birthday party at the vacation home of his longtime friend and associate Vernon Jordan. And Vernon Jordan gave him a great gift for the vacation. . Gave him one of those Popeil pocket interns.Hillary Clinton and her husband, President Bill Clinton, bought a house in Chappaqua, Westchester. How about that? Theyre neighbors now, ladies and gentlemen. Going to be here. . Hillary is going to be our next senator. Thats all very exciting. And $1.7 million for the house. So they blow into town one weekend, buy the house. Poor Al Gore. Poor Al Gore.  Spent all day sitting around the house waiting for the cable guy.Coincidentally - if you believe this is a coincidence - Monica Lewinsky also has a new apartment in New York City. Just rented an apartment over the weekend down in Greenwich Village. Are you aware of this? .  You know, theres a lot of fat girls down there now, and...in the Greenwich Village area, and the fat girls down there.they wear too much makeup, you know? A lot of them...of course, most of those are guys.Shes aware that she is not at the weight she would like to be at, so shes signed on, shes going to be the new spokesperson for Jenny Craig Diet Centers. . I dont get it. Now shes concerned about what she puts in her mouth?I love New York city. I was in my cab this morning, and my Pakistani cab driver is complaining because Hillary Clinton is an outsider.  I love it."Bill Clinton now is our most traveled president. Of all the presidents weve ever had, Bill Clinton is our most traveled president. Hes actually. . Hes had sex in 58 different countries.David Letterman : Clinton said he was really looking forward to living in his new home. Its been 20 years since hes gotten laid in the private sector. "Monica Lewinsky is moving into a place down in Greenwich village. . Shes living in a high-rise luxury building down there in Greenwich village. Have you seen it? You know which one Im talking about? Its called tramp towers.I dont know whats the matter with Hillary Clinton. I think shes wacky, because in the middle of the MTV Awards, Hillary Clinton shows up and offers clemency to Ricky Martin.Monica Lewinsky now has her own apartment down there in Greenwich Village, you know? Its unbelievable. Monica Lewinsky, living in Greenwich Village. I dont know what happened with her and the cable guy, but now she gets free HBO and Cinemax.Monicas spending $4,000 a month on rent. My God! I mean, you know, to afford that, shes going to have to get another guy impeached.Monicas apartment is a co-op - cooperative. You know, just like Monica.Im very excitedIts official, Hillary Clinton is running for Senate from New York, and she and her husband bill, the President, have bought a house in Westchester County in the community of Chappaqua, so good to have you. . President Clinton likes the house. Its well built and quiet, and he wishes he could find a girl like that.President Clinton and his lovely wife, Hillary, Senator Hillary, are living now in Chappaqua. . And Monica Lewinsky is living in Greenwich Village, so that means that the next impeachment could be a subway series.Yeah, Chappaqua. It is, like many towns and landmarks in this part of the world, are Indian names. Chappaqua is the Indian word, I guess, and it means squaw under desk. I didnt know that."Top Ten Features Of The New Khaddafy Car.10. Instead of"Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York...getting a facelift. Yep. Thats right. Last week Hillary was on a listening tour of plastic surgeons.Its an exciting time in the life of Hillary Clinton, I mean, my God. New house, bought a new house in Chappaqua. Getting a new face, you know. I mean, now all she needs is a new husband.Hillary was talking to one of the plastic surgeons, and he said, Well, what... What look...kind of look? and she said, Well, half Jewish and half Puerto Rican.You know what it is? Hillary is trying to be more sexually desirable to her husband, President Clinton, because, you know, hes a ladies man. And she wants to be...shed like to be hot.because she wants to get him interested in her, and Im thinking, well, thats a good idea, Hillary. But, you know, to me, it just seems like this guy aint all that picky.President Clinton has moved to Chappaqua, did you know that? . I think theyre moving this weekend. And they now, theyre living in Chappaqua, which is a suburb here of New York. Its in the Westchester County, and the Secret Service (is) putting in a million dollar state-of-the- art security system for President Clinton. And Im telling you, its unbelievable.  This thing even has a voice recognition system on his fly.Million dollar security system. I got to thinking about this and I did some checking. When President Carter left office, for his security system, you know what they gave him? A yapping schnauzer.Good news, ladies and gentlemen, our troubles are over. Donald Trump is running for president. Donald Trump says if he is elected president, he promises that all of the sex scandals will involve much better- looking women.The entire Eastern seaboard is underwater, and everybody is trying to get to higher ground. In fact, down in Washington, D.C. today, interns were actually climbing on top of Clintons desk.This year, all contestants, all finalists (in the Miss America contest) will answer the same question. And the question is, What makes you think that youre qualified to be senator from New York.Hillary Clinton, by the way, is going to be out next senator.Hillary, doing everything that she can. First, you know she announced, I believe shes from Illinois originally. All right, she lived in Arkansas, and then she announced she was a life-long New York Yankee fan. And then, it occurred to her one weekend that she was Jewish. Then she was a Buddhist, yeah. And for a while there, it was looking like she was going to be Puerto Rican, but that didnt work out.So now, shes thinking about having plastic surgery, and I understand, shes decided against having the plastic surgery. Because the last thing you want to do in a situation like this is come off like a phony. thats the biggest mistake.And that President, I want to tell you something, love him or hate him, but hes been a lot of fun, hasnt he?As taxpayers, dont you feel like you get your moneys worth out of this guy? Hes a one man whoop-de-do, for Gods sakes.But I wouldnt give this guys troubles to a monkey on a rock. Theyve got this book out now, talking about President Clinton, at one point in his career, he experimented with drugs. And I know that later in his career, he experimented with cigars.There is a new tropical storm off the coast of the Pacific, the coast of the United States, down around there, Baja, California. You know what Im saying? Hurricane Hillary, honest to God. But now, dont be alarmed. Hurricane Hillary is not on a path of destruction, its on a listening tour.You know, Hillary Clinton is running for senator from New York, and theyve moved now. Theyre moving out of the White House. They got a place in Chappaqua, in Westchester. . And this weekend, theyre having a yard sale down there at the White House, you know? Mr. President, how much for the Marty Robbins album?Hillary Clinton wants to be part of New York, you know. A couple of months ago, she realized she was a Yankee fan. Despite the fact that she is from Illinois and Arkansas. ... And then...it occurred to her that she was Jewish. And then after that, it occurred to her...she thought maybe she was Puerto Rican for a while, and then that didnt work out. . she desperately wants to be a New Yorker. Earlier today, she was out on, like, Eighth Avenue at a card table selling Tommy Hilfiger knock-offs.Monica Lewinsky - did you hear about this - is going to law school. Thats right. Monica Lewinsky wants to be a lawyer, wants to be an attorney. Just when you thought she couldnt sink any lower.Monica Lewinsky as a lawyer. Itll be like Ally McBeal with an appetite.Hurricane Hillary is now moving across the Baja Peninsula.  Its looking for houses under $2 million.President Clinton is in town. . Hes over there speaking to the UN. and afterwards, hes helping Monica Lewinsky look for law schools.Monicas going to law school. . This is her plan. Shes got a master plan. Go to law school, take the bar, pass the bar, become an attorney, then run for Senator from New York.Monica Lewinsky - and I kind of agree with this - feels that she would make an excellent attorney because, you know, she looks like F.  Lee Bailey.I think Monica Lewinsky actually would make a great lawyer. I mean, shes already an expert at collecting DNA.Moammar Qaddafi says now... he would have selected Monica Lewinsky to be his intern.Last night, The West Wing, over there on NBC, all about the White House, all about the president of the United States. Isnt that amazing? A TV show about the president, and Im saying to myself, isnt there enough sex on TV already?Dont kid yourself, that West Wing, over there at NBC, they got themselves another blockbuster, and you know why? Its the all-star cast. Here is Martin Sheen, who plays the president,.Rob Lowe plays his press secretary; Hulk Hogan plays Janet Reno.Hillary Clinton, by the way, is going to be our next senator. . So now, she goes to a high school, a New York City high school, and spent the day there last week, and now people are saying she did it for political reasons. Im here to tell you, no. No, that was not for political reasons. Staying married to Clinton, thats for political reasons.Im very happy youre here, because last night, what a rough audience we had here last night. They were so quiet, I thought I was at a Hillary Clinton rally.As you know, Hillary Clinton will be our next senator from the great state of New York. . And Hillary is really behaving like a New Yorker now. Thats what youve got to do. Youve got to, you know, behave like a New Yorker, so when people ask her, Well, Hillary, did you learn anything from your listening tour? she says, I didnt hear nothing, I didnt see nothing.Hillary is really trying hard to prove that shes a New Yorker. Earlier today on the subway, she was arrested for jumping the turnstile.Hillary is really trying very hard to prove that shes a New Yorker. Earlier today she was out on Sixth Avenue trying to get hit by a cab.Hillary is trying very hard to prove that shes a New Yorker. Earlier today she said she wouldnt vote for Hillary.Hillary is working very, very hard to prove that shes a real New Yorker. Earlier today she gave herself the finger.Shes working very hard to prove that shes a real New Yorker. Earlier today she took a leak in a doorway.Its cold down there in Washington, D.C., theyve got a cold spell. Well, its fall. You get this weather. Its so cold down there in Washington, D.C....interns were actually blowing on President Clintons hands. Dan Quayle is dropping out of the presidential race. Dan Quayle said that he couldnt raise enough money, and he was too far behind, so he was dropping out. And I say to myself, Well, hell, it aint stopping Al Gore. Hes still in it. He cant raise any money.I feel bad for Dan Quayle. Its a sad situation when youve got Donald Trump running for president, youve got Warren Beatty running for president, and Dan Quayle is still considered the dumb one.Over the weekend, President Clinton had his regular presidential checkup, and he looks forward to that presidential checkup. . Its the one time a year when he can drop his pants without getting sued.Its his fifth physical since hes been in the White House, if you dont count the interns.President Clinton, in the last few years, has gained 18 pounds, ladies and gentlemen, 18 pounds. . Hes gained so much weight, its a problem now. When he looks down, he cant see who hes having sex with.Hes gained so much weight, when he walks into a room, the Marine Band plays Hail to the Beef.Doctors told him, though, hes always hoarse. You know, hes always hoarse and yacking and stuff. So the doctor said, Bill, heres what you do. Youve got to rest your vocal cords, you know? Really, think about it. Is that the organ he should be resting?Former Vice President Dan Quayle has dropped out of the race for president. Thats right. Dan Quayle held a press conference yesterday, and he said, You got to know when to hold them. You got to know when to fold them. Thats right, Dan, and youve got to also know when not to quote Kenny Rogers, all right?On the other hand, Hillary Clinton says that she is leaning more and more toward running for Senate. Leaning more and more.yeah, yeah. Shes also leaning toward a face lift and a divorce.President Clinton had his physical over the weekend. Thats pretty exciting, you know. What a switch, you know, somebody telling him to bend over and get undressed.The doctors said that his blood pressure was good, his heart rate was good. ... However, they were unable to detect a conscience.In two years, this guy has gained 18 pounds, you know? . And then Clinton, you know, always thinking, Clinton says to the doctor, Well, how many calories you think I can burn off with oral sex?Clinton has gained 18 pounds. And Im thinking, well, I guess the interns must be getting slower.And hes also hoarse, you know? He went down to New Zealand and he came back with a very raspy voice, so here now, is the summation, summing up, these are the conclusions, the results of President Clintons most recent physical. Hes fat...and he has a sore throat. ... I think thats also what they used to say about Monica.Down there in Washington, D.C., President Clinton hosted the annual White House prayer breakfast. Clinton prayed for more breakfast."Clinton says that he still makes time every week for meetings with his spiritual advisors. Thats right. You know, after all of that trouble with the interns, and the grab-ass, and the impeachment, and so forth...Clinton said, Okay, okay, heres what Ill do, Ill have meetings with clergymen from all over the country every week. Ill have these spiritual meetings. And you know, apparently, hes still doing it. And Im thinking, well, great, thats what we need in the Oval Office, more people kneeling.David Letterman Doctors told Clinton that hes overweight, and hes got to start exercising. . So first thing this morning, he got up bright and early, did 50 push-ups on an intern."Guess whos running for president now? Warren Beatty. . I think this is a huge mistake. This country will never elect as president a womanizer.So far Warren has only one campaign promise, and that is better looking interns.Congress now, and the President, signed it, the next president will get as a salary twice as much as Clinton is getting now. Theyre doubling the salary. So our next president will be getting twice as much as Clinton is getting. And Im thinking to myself, Well, hell. I wouldnt mind getting half as much as Clintons getting.George W. Bush now says that he wants to defeat the man that beat his father. What is this, an election or a Bruce Lee movie?Al Gore was in town yesterday, did you know that? . He held a press conference at the Carnegie Deli just up the street. Right after that, he went down to Dunkin Donuts and shook hands with the mice.Gore was really on a grand tour of New York. He stopped in at the Carnegie Deli, and then he took a stroll through Little Italy. Then he went over to the village, had sex with Monica. It was a full day.Theyre taking the astroturf out of Giants Stadium. Its always been artificial turf. Theyre replacing it with the natural grass, because, you know, they want to cut down on knee injuries. And if it works there, theyre going to do the same thing in the Oval Office.Vice President Al Gore had his physical a couple of days ago, and the results are he died of natural causes.Al Gore was in town earlier this week. He went down to Times Square and he went into the wax museum down there at Times Square. They wouldnt let him out.Gore now, hes getting a little desperate, because that Bill Bradley juggernaut is breathing down his neck. And so what hes done is hes moved his campaign headquarters. Hes moved to the state hes actually from. You know, now if we can just get Hillary to do that.For the remainder of the campaign.the goal for Al Gore is to be less stiff. And Im thinking to myself, Well, jeez, that should have been Clintons goal. Shouldnt it?Theyre saying now its possible that the Yankees and the Mets meet in a subway World Series. Ooh, man. Think about that. Then Hillary, boy, shed be screwed then, you know what Im saying? Hillary wouldnt know who to pretend to root for.Hillary, of course, going to be our next senator from the great state of New York, and shes now starting to say things. She said today that the youth of America lack a work ethic. ... The young people today do not have a work ethic, and Im thinking to myself, oh Hillary, just go back to listening, will you?Top Ten Ways The Country Would Be Different If Arnold Schwarzenegger"10. State of Maryland converted to weight room9. Social Security benefits tied to how much you can squat8. Hed be the first Austrian weight-lifting President since Jimmy Carter7. On Easter, children search White House lawn for invisible alien predators6. White House intern would have to deal with this (footage of Arnold feeding a woman carrots from an old film)5. Eagle on Presidential seal would be a lot more ripped4. President throws out first ball; catcher sustains season-ending injury3. President blows up Congress, then mutters Veto, you bastards2. Saddam Hussein appears on TV with busted lip to announce full compliance with U.N.1. Goodbye Arbor Day, hello Bicep Day."The Mayor (and Gov. Bush) here in New York City, they have one of those bets on the ball game, and heres how itIf New York City loses, we have to send Texas a ton of hot dogs from Nathans, you see? If the Yankees win, then Hillary has to run for senate from Texas.People in Texas are very depressed because they got beat last night. I thought thisGovernor George Bush, to cheer up the fans, scheduled two executions.George W. Bush, by the way, is in New York City and hes making real progress. He received the endorsement from all three New York area mob families.Al Gore...said that at one point in his life he tried the marijuana. Now you see what hes trying to do here. Al Gore is courting the President Clinton vote. ... He also confessed that at one point in his life he experimented with oral sex.Heres howif the Rangers win the series.they get a one-ton New York City cheesecake, you see? If the Yankees win, we get George W. Bushs old drug dealer.Hillary Clinton, shes in Europe now on an extensive tour.  . I believe right now Hillary Clinton is in Florence, Italy. And its kind of a coincidence, because her husband Bill Clinton is in Florence Rappaport; shes an intern.Al Gore, of course, has been campaigning in New York City.  . Im telling you, this guy is so dull, he could put a Starbucks to sleep.George W. Bush.takes a walking tour of the Bronx. I thought this was nice, though. Then a little bit later in the day, he laid a wreath on the Texas Rangers.Now hes turning on his own party. Hes saying that the Republicans have never been able to balance the fiscal responsibility with the needs of the poor. Thats what he says. There may be something true to that. And Im thinking, say what you will about President Clinton, but you know, this guy was always able to balance a wife and a girlfriend.Donald Trump is running for president. . And running with him on the ticket for vice president will be Oprah Winfrey. I just pray to God my passport is valid.Donald Trump running for president, the leader of the free world. Now, when I think leader of the free world, I think casino owner.Congratulations to Bill and Hillary, celebrating their 24th wedding anniversary. Nice going. I think thats great. Call me a romantic, but I still think its great that after 24 years these two can fake a relationship.Bill, of course, celebrated the way he does every year, he went out and got laid."Top Ten Donald Trump Campaign Slogans10. Hell make our national defense as impenetrable as his hair.9. A new first lady for each year of his candidacy.8. Hell give this country the same attention he gives his flimsy, poorly- constructed apartment buildings.7. Fewer $350 hammers - more 99-cent shrimp cocktails6. Trump/Oprah - still less embarrassing than Clinton/Gore5. Hell buy Iraq and turn it into a highly profitable parking lot4. Friend of the working man, and even better friend of the working girl3. Youve placed losing bets at his casino, now place a losing bet on his candidacy.2. Finally, a president who knows when to get out of a bad marriage1. Because he really needs to boost his self-esteem."Here now, we have the latest poll numbers. Donald Trump, running for the president, leading Warren Beatty.in the polls, by six girlfriends.Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York - a Yankee fan. . She said she would not be attending Yankee Stadium games, because shes afraid of getting booed. But she will be following the Yankee games very closely. I hope shes following the Yankees more closely than she follows her husband.Monica Lewinskys father is talking about suing the television show Law and Order because.on that show, they refer to oral sex as getting a Lewinsky. So hes going to sue them. Yeah, Im with him. You would hate to see anything tarnish the great Lewinsky name."You know, if this goes to trial, its going to be very, very interesting. I just hope his attorneys dont Lewinsky the case.Bill Maher : Al Gore has done it. He got the endorsement of labor. . Gore, he got carried away with the camaraderie with the Teamsters and claimed that he invented the ice pick."Now Hillary is saying that shes.pulling for both the Yankees and pulling for the Mets. And you know, Im thinking, well, in that respect, shes really quite a lot like her husband, because hes for both marriage and adultery.Donald Trump and Oprah Winfrey, as you know, are running for president. ... And Donald Trump says that if hes elected president, hell marry a beautiful woman. I love this country because, you know, one minute youre a Hooters girl, and the next minute youre hosting a state dinner for Tony Blair.I have a feeling if we get Trump elected president, you wont have any sex scandals with Donald Trump, because if you look at the guy, if you look at his publicity photos, honestly, I believe hes more interested in getting his hair blown.Monica Lewinsky.has got a deal now with Jenny Craig. . HeresJenny Craig pays Monica Lewinsky $10,000.for every pound she loses. Now, this is no dumb girl, because, you know, her ass alone is close to a million."Monica has lost 30 pounds since she moved back to New York City, which is good. . So that means she can finally walk down the streets of New York City in a yellow dress without getting hailed.Bill Maher : Pat Buchanan has left the Republican Party. Now, hes part of the Reform Party. . Well, it sets up a big battle now between him and Donald Trump. Theyre fighting for the Reform Party nomination. Trump attacked Buchanan right away. He said he was a Hitler-lover. And Buchanan shot back, he said, No, Hitler and I are just good friends."You know what is going on in New Hampshire tonight? The first presidential debate with Al Gore and Bill Bradley. . The debate was so boring, the state is changing its official slogan from Live Free or Die,  to Please Kill Me.You have to feel bad for the Atlanta Braves. . They came all the way to New York to get their asses kicked. Are you listening Hillary? Do you see how that works?Last night was the annual Halloween parade down in Greenwich Village. . There was one guy in a dress, dressed as Monica Lewinsky. It turned out it was Monica Lewinsky.Al Gore has hired a feminist author on his campaign. Gore said the reason he hired is, Im going after the chick vote.They say John McCain has a volcanic temper. And Im thinking, That may be a nice change from what we have right now. Right now, we have a president with volcanic pants.It was so windy here in New York City today that Hillary Clinton was blown back to her home state.Seven years ago today, Bill Clinton was elected President.  So congratulations and a tip of the hat to the American voters for a job well done.Donald Trump is running for president. His campaign slogan is Keno girls and free cocktails.Donald Trump says when he is elected, he will run the United States the way he runs his casino empire. So, things will be pretty much the same there in the White House. There will still be hookers in the lobby.Theres a new book now, about Hillary Clinton. Oh great, we dont hear enough about Hillary. And apparently now, she dumped her first boyfriend. You know why she dumped her first boyfriend? Because he was not ambitious. Not ambitious. You know, Im going to tell you something, I still have the emotional scars.Hillary Clinton, as you know will be our next Senator from New York. They bought a place up in Chappaqua. And earlier today, Hillary toured the house. The deal is closed and I want to tell you, theres nothing more exciting, nothing more gratifying, nothing more satisfying than closing your first legal land deal.You know, they said, will this be where Bill lives, is this going to be his primary residence? And she said, Well, youll have to ask him. . President Clinton is thinking it over and there are many things. For example, there are tax considerations, you know. Also number two, moving in with somebody is a big commitment.President Clinton is really excited about living in the suburbs. Hes already nailed a really hot Jehovahs witness.You know, the season is finally under way. And its that time of year when Hillary Clinton pretends to be a Knicks fan.Speaking of Hillary, theres a new book out about Hillary.  . This book says that Hillary dumped her first boyfriend. Do you know why? Ill tellbecause he was not ambitious. . Well, thank God she waited for Mr. Right, you know?In Pennsylvania.a dead woman somehow was on the ballot, and she was elected to city council. . And Im thinking, Well, I guess the is still hope for Al Gore, you know?Al Gore is now saying that his candidacy is more important than his job as Vice President. . I disagree, because, you know, as Vice President, this man is just one heartbeat away from some of that hot intern action.Yesterday, ladies and gentlemen, the annual New York City Marathon. . The winner in the mens division of the marathon was won by a runner from Kenya. So apparently Hillaryyou dont need to be from here to run.According to Mayor Rudolph Giuliani.80% of New York City eighth- graders fail general knowledge quizzes. Isnt that amazing? But - now wait a minute - but thats still better than George W. Bush.Did you see the interview with George W. Bush last week? Theyre asking him questions, and Im telling you, Donald Trump is really starting to look more and more presidential, you know?George W. Bush did not know the president of India, did not know the name of the president of Pakistan, did not know the name of the president of Chechnya. However, he did know all the words to that mambo song.George W. Bush took a guess that the president of Taiwan, he guessed at this, and he guessed that his name was Lee. You know, I couldve guessed that the president of Taiwan was named Lee.Now, heres the difference between George W. Bush and President Clinton. President Clinton not only wouldve been able to give you the names of every world leader, he would also have been able to give you the names of their interns.Top Ten Ways Al Gore Can Be"10. Knock up a couple of Brazilian models.9. Put cigarette out on Alan Greenspans arm.8. Quit Vice Presidency to become Korn roadie.7. Wear shirt half open to show off matted thatch of chest hair.6. Admit he doesnt know who leader of Pakistan is, but can name every Playmate since 1978.5. Spit stream of tobacco juice into Sam Donaldsons eye.4. Grow a mustache, because lets"President Clinton celebrated this Veterans Day the way he has celebrated every Veterans Day, he flew to England and lit up a joint.Hillary Clinton is in Israel - and kind of a surprise today - she announced that shes running for Knesset.Hillary has been a little depressed lately because she wanted to move to New York. You know, she moved to New York and she was hoping that Jerry Seinfeld would break up her marriage.Entertainment Weekly magazine...decided they would rate the 100 greatest entertainers of the century. . Monica Lewinsky was three. She should be a little higher.You can always tell when they put up the giant Christmas tree at Rockefeller Center . Ten guys on a trailer chopped it down, put it on a trailer, then they drove it out to the ocean, put it on a barge, then they brought it down the coast, then they guided it through the tunnels, and then they lifted it with a crane. Its the same way Monica comes to town.CBS is running the big earthquake in New York City movie. . But it has a happy ending. . The earthquake is so violent and so devastating Hillary Clinton leaves town.How many of you originally thought youd vote for George W. Bush, and now you realize hes just a bonehead like all the others? . Now, hes taking a different turn in the campaign. . Hes saying hes going to turn the Oval Office into a place of moral leadership. You know, well, that settles it. Hes not getting my vote.President Clinton, you can tell hes a lame duck. Hes got nothing to do. He took a tour of a Harley Davidson motorcycle factory. . They put him on a bike and he rode around. Its the same bike Janet Reno takes to work.Then after the tour, they couldnt get him off the darn thing, and hes just, you know, riding around in the parking lot. But you know, it is nice to see him riding something besides interns.How many of you stayed home last night with your loved ones and watched the big earthquake hits New York City movie on CBS? . Heres what happens. Buildings collapse, cabs are driving on the sidewalks, subways are derailed, you see, and then the earthquake hits. . And the jolt, the jolt of the earthquake was so powerful that Hillary Clinton was knocked back to her own state.Astronomers have located a solar system 153 light years away from Earth. . That is the same distance Al Gore is trying to generate between himself and President Clinton.Al Gore said President Clinton looks at everything politically. For example, he said Clinton would look at a car and say, I wonder what the political implications of that car would be. And Im thinking, that doesnt sound right. . Clinton would say, Nice car. Is the back seat big enough for sex?Ive got a big night planned. Im going to take Mom to see The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. You know, you think about it, sleepy hollow, two worlds that describe Al Gore.Heres kind of a sad note. Linda Tripp...is telling people shes a million dollars in debt. . And shes asking now for donations. Nice to see Linda hasnt lost her sense of humor, isnt it?Now, Bill Clinton, being the very best President he can, hes in Russia. He went over there to help Boris Yeltsin. . Right now theyre taking Yeltsins liver over to Starbucks to try and sober it up.Clinton and Yeltsin...went out to dinner. And Yeltsin, of course, drank Clinton under the table. Fortunately, there was an intern there to break his fall.The Chinese are in outer space. The Chinese are launching rockets to outer space. Thats right. They can put a guy in space, but how come every time I order food...the delivery guy cant find my apartment.Hillary Clinton, your next senator from the great state of New York, announced today that next year, she will announce that shes running for Senate. Theres a poll. Fifty-three percent of the people in this poll said that they did not want Hillary to run for Senate. And yes, Hillary, thats our final answer.Monica Lewinsky is now getting braces. Isnt that like Clintons worst nightmare?You know what opens up this week - the End of Days movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger. . Apparently Arnold Schwarzenegger in the movie comes to New York City to save New York City from the devil. Bad news - Hillary wins.Thanksgiving, of course, means a great deal for President Clinton down there in Washington, DC. He started the day with a leg. Then he had a thigh. Then he had a breast. And then it was time for dinner.This holiday has special significance for Monica Lewinsky, because Monicas ancestors came across on the Mayflower. And Monica, well, you know, she just came across.Hillary Clintons moving out of the White House. Shes moving to her house in Chappaqua, and shes going to be our next senator from the great state of New York. Youve got to feel bad for Bill Clinton now, because Hillary has moved out, and hes just, you know, running around nuts trying to find a date for New Years Eve.Barbara Walters is.talking about this Americas Ten Most Fascinating People. . Listentwo years in a row, Monica Lewinsky has made the list. . Monica has lost a lot of weight. Really, because this year on the list, shes number three.last year she was numbers four through seven.It was reported in the paper today that Monica Lewinsky is dating a guy that used to write for us here on the Late Show. Did you see it? . I want to tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, this is embarrassing for Monica!Speaking of Monica Lewinsky, shes featured earlier tonight on the Barbara Walters ten most fascinating people in the world show.  And Monica was one. They had a whole bunch of other people. Ricky Martin was one. Joe Torre was one. I was thinking about it - what do Monica Lewinsky and Joe Torre have in common? Ittwo people who never choked.For a while, the government was controlling the weather. so President Clinton, all of his fat friends down there in Arkansas could go bass fishing every day. But that all backfired because all of his friends are in jail.Sad news. Boris Yeltsin is back in the hospital. Its just routine. Hes in there for his annual autopsy.It could be bad. They have him on an IV. They have him hooked up to a party keg.A guy who used to write for us here on the Late Show is dating Monica Lewinsky. . I guess that is what he meant when he told me had had a better offer.In a way its a nice consolation prize for him for not winning any Emmys.Monica Lewinsky is in a whole new line of work now. She makes hand bags and purses. They say the purses she makes are a lot like Monica herself, because at parties, youll most likely find them on the bed.They turned on the lights at the big Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. . Speaking of that, tomorrow night right here on CBS, a program reminder, a wonderful, wonderfullive from Texas, George W. Bush - same kind of deal - throws the switch, electrocutes two guys. You folks enjoying the riots in Seattle? You know, Ill tell you what drives me buggy about a situation like that. When someone tries to capitalize on a bad problem, you know? . For example, Starbucks now. They see whats going on, theyre featured in all of the news clips. And so now, their new menu itemTear Gas-accino.Ill tell you something, here in New York City, nothing puts you more in the spirit of the holidays than Rudy Giuliani rounding up the homeless.Heres aBig holiday special coming up tomorrow night on CBS. Its a wonderful show. If you can, try and see it with your loved ones. Its called Its a Monica Hanukkah.A couple of months ago, Hillary.announced that she was part Jewish. . But heres how much Hillaryearlier today she lit the candles on the Menorah, made a wish, and blew them out.So last night, they had the first Republican presidential debate in which George Dubbya took place. It didnt go well for George Dubbya.  After three questions, he had used two of his lifelines.Apparently, now scientists claim there is no intelligent life at NASA.A shopping tipDad doesnt want cologne. Dad doesnt want the old spice. Dad doesnt want a tie. You know what dad wants? Dad wants his own intern, okay?Monica Lewinsky is going to be testifying at the Linda Tripp wiretapping trial. Man, I hope this doesnt put a strain on the friendship.President Clinton, now that everythings fine, hes got nothing to do for the next year. Earlier today, he said that he would like to see Pete Rose in the hall of fame. . He said, Id like to see Pete Rose in the hall of fame, because everybody deserves a second chance. . He says, As a matter of fact, Id like a second chance at that Kathleen Willey.Al Gore took his physical. And good news, he died of natural causes.This whole thing started because Bill Bradley last week, he had the irregular heartbeat, and he says hes in fine shape. . He does a lot of training on a stationary bicycle. Thats how he gets his exercise, which is, you know, kind of a coincidence. President Clinton gets all his exercise on a stationary intern.NASA spent $300 million and got no answers from the mars polar lander. This ties the previous record held by Ken Starr.They say under oath, Monica is very polished, she was very businesslike, and also very thorough. You know, just like she is when shes under the desk.Al Gore conceded that President Clinton was not in the same class as President Lincoln. He says, Okay, hes not...hes not Abe Lincoln. A big difference.betweenClinton is the president who... dodged a bullet.President Clinton tossed his back out. You know, hes got. ..a disc problem or something like this. And the doctors said its serious. It happened (like this;) He was doing a handstand when he found out Hillary was moving out.Clinton is not fooling around with this back injury. Right now hes in the West Wing of the White House packed in hot interns.Hes lucky because he just tossed his back out. A year ago, they almost tossed his ass out.Heres aI think its tomorrow night, right here on CBS, a holiday special on Hillary Clinton, entitled Ill be Jewish for Christmas.Today is the shortest day of the year. So short, President Clinton could only squeeze in six interns.Mayor Giuliani will be spending New Years Eve in his bullet- proof bunker downtown. . Thats where the Mayor will be. He will come out at midnight for the big New Years Eve homeless roundup, so thatll be good.People are going crazy celebrating early. In fact, down in Washington, President Clinton spent the entire day playing with a noisemaker. . I believe her name is Rhonda.Big news from Russia. New Years Eve, Boris Yeltsin resigns. . He says hes sorry, he apologizes, and he would like to be forgiven, and then he resigned. And Im thinking, jeez , wouldnt it be nice if we could get a president like that, wouldnt it?Yeltsin said he was having more and more trouble running the country since he passed away two years ago.Earlier tonight, Monica Lewinsky was on the Larry King Live television program. . And I think she took live phone sex calls.She was on with Larry King for the entire hour, which is 55 minutes more than President Clinton ever spent with her.Top Ten Boris Yeltsin Resolutions 10. Run for Senator of New York. 9. Tell new guy to wear Hello, My Name Is... tag if he meets with George W. Bush. 8. Taking cue from Will Smith, release new rap album Yeltsinium. 7. Finally get around to trying this vodka Russia is so famous for. 6. As prank, walk by bread lines announcing 15 showing of The Green Mile is sold out. 5. Buy new liver on eBay. 4. Get in on the swing dancing craze. 3. Personally check all three of Russias computers for Y2K compliance. 2. Write letter to Wynonna Judd and tell her how he really feels. 1. Remain alive until at least February. Tomorrow night in New Hampshire, we have the big debate. We have Al Gore, and Bill Bradley head-to-head, mano a mano in New Hampshire. And people are exited because tomorrow night, Al is going to unveil his new gaucho look.How many of you folks saw Monica Lewinsky on Larry King Live last night? Exciting, wasnt it? Monica told Larry that she hates having lost her privacy. She hates the fact that she no longer has any privacy. Thats what she told Larry. She also told that to Barbara Walters, she told that to USA Today, Entertainment tonight, the AP, Reuters...Monica continues to exercise bad judgment. Shes now dating Puff Daddy.Monica told Larry.she always wanted a husband. Well, Monica, mission accomplished, huh?Top Ten Ways The White House Is Different Now That Hillary Has10. President no longer sleeping alone. 9. Faucets in master bedroom now dispense scented message oil and gravy. 8. Forget dress down Friday - now all-nude Friday and pantsless Monday through Thursday. 7. Volumes of Hillary fan mail redirected to new house. 6. Hillary no longer writing volumes of fan mail to herself. 5. No pressure to cuddle. 4. Token male intern transferred out. 3. Oval office covered with Vote Giuliani posters. 2. Womens soccer team no longer has to win World Cup to spend night at White House. 1. Menorah taken off living room mantle.Alan Greenspan has been convinced to stay another term as the Chairman of the Fed, you know. He said hed do it underhe wants in on some of that hot intern action.Hillary Clinton moved from Washington to her house here in New York. She and Janet Reno, they swung by Ryder and moved themselves.Hillary spent the day unloading boxes, and boxes, and boxes of personal stuff, or as we call it, evidence.Now her husband, Bill Clinton, says that when hes out of the White House, hed like to move back to Arkansas and run for Senate, as well. So, you have Clinton, Bill, living in Arkansas, Hillary living in New York. And Im thinking, I hope this doesnt put a strain on their marriage.Boris Yeltsin had a couple of stiff belts and resigned on New Years Eve. And were learning more and more about his successor, the acting president of Russia, Vladimir Putin. He has a black belt in Karate. And I thought, thats a coincidence right there, because Bill Clinton, our President, has a black belt. Its usually down around his ankles, but thats not the point.Yesterday, Bill Clinton, President of the United States, and his wife, Hillary Clinton, the first lady, moved from the White House down there in Washington, DC, to their brand-new home in Chappaqua, up there in Westchester. Hillary, understandably, was quite excited. But you know, to Bill, its just another one-night stand.When the Clintons looked at the calendar and realized it was time to move, they were going to have all of their friends help them move, and then they realized, of course, all their friends are in jail.Moving for the Clintons is no big deal, because theyve had the U-Haul since the impeachment.Hillary Clinton wants to be our senator, and life in New York for Hillary Clinton is tough. . For example, every day, she has to memorize the name of the new Jets head coach.The Clintons bought that house up there in Chappaqua, and they did a lot of work on it. Put a new roof on the house, put a new floor in the house, put a new garage. Next, theyre going to add a cement pond.Hillary was busy all day today. She had to unload the boxes, had to unload the tables, had to unload the chairs. Now all shes got to do is unload Bill.We are in the middle of the deadly cold and flu season. . Heres good news, though. The folks who make Sudafed, a couple of weeks ago, introduced a brand-new non-drowsy Al Gore.Top Ten Good Things About Having a President With"10. Fun to hear White House spokesman use phrase road rage9."President Clinton wants $30 million from Congress for contraception and family planning. . It sounds to me like somebodys getting ready to go dating again.President Clinton says that he plans, in the next election, to vote here in New York City.so he can vote for his wife. . I think the last time he actually voted for a woman, yeah, she was wearing a wet t- shirt.First Lady Hillary Clinton is on the program tonight, ladies and gentlemen. Im a little nervous. This, of course, means just about thisIll be getting my ass audited.Ive been thinking about this long and hard. I came up with one question, and this is what itIs the government controlling the weather?Top Ten Questions Dumb Guys Would Ask The"10. So, have you actually, like, met the President?9. Did you ever rebuild your house after it got blown up in Independence Day?8. Whats your stance on that guy in that country doing that stuff?7. How about a Federal law making shoes easier to tie?6. Arent monkeys funny -- especially when theyre smoking and dressed like people?5. Do you have one of them robot maids like in The Jetsons?4. This is the White House, right? Well, gimme some of them square hamburgers.3. Is it wrong for the President to appoint his own wife first lady?2. If elected Senator, would you please, please, please bring the strip clubs back to New York City?1. Have you ever met my dad, George Bush?"First Lady Hillary Clinton was a guest on the show. . And afterwards, she, and me, and Walter Cronkite, went to Hooters.I really think that her appearing on this show last night could actually help her career, you know? I really do. I wish it would do something for mine.Top Ten Things Hillary Clinton Whispered To Me Before"10. May I leave now?9. Al Gore was right -- you do smell like a hospital.8. Will there be time for me to do a song?7. At this instant, my husband has 3,500 Tomahawk missiles pointed at you.6. Do you mind if I give a shout out to my homie Ol Dirty Bastard?5. I cant believe Im going to sit in the chair that Tony Danza sat in.4. You have an audience? The show always seems so quiet.3. Just thought you should know, your announcer made several clumsy passes at me.2. I need $20,000 and a speedboat -- dont ask why.1. And you are...?"George W. Bush has a new campaign slogan. Its A reformer with results. . I think its better than his oldA dumb guy with connections.George W. Bush had a full weekend. He spent the entire weekend apologizing for his appearance at Bob Jones University. . B.J.U., wait a minute. Thats where Monica Lewinsky went to school, isnt it?Im worried because we have George W. Bush, the Governor of Texas, and early on in the campaign I said, This guy, to me, looks like he could be a colossal boob.So the thing I will remind the Governor of, when we get him on the satellite there from wherever he is out on the campaign trail, is that the road to the White House runs through me.There for awhile it looked like he was down and out because he really upset the Catholics, you know? And Im saying, you know, if you want to go after somebody, go after the Presbyterians.You know what I took away from that little chat with George W.? Dont you think? A very confident guy. In fact, this weekend, hes going to ask his father to help him bungle his choice for vice-president."Bill Bradley has a new campaign slogan. Give him the ball. Boy, you know, thats silly. You dont want to really, give the ball to the white guy, do you? No.David Letterman : Hillary Clinton, shell be marching in the gay-lesbian Irish parade, and I think she just wants to spend some time with people who have not had sex with her husband."Theyre trying to get (Al Gore) too soften up his image. . Hes changing his name and now wants to be known as Weird Al Gore.Heres how stiff this guy is. (Gore) is campaigning in New York. He went up to Grants tomb, and they wouldnt let him out.George W. Bush.came to New York and said, I can smell victory. . Let me tell you something. Ive lived in this city 20 years, and what your smelling isnt victory.Top Ten Signs Your Campaign10. Campaign bus adorned with catchy slogan Greyhound. 9. Your staffers already refer to day after Super Tuesday as Crushing Depression Wednesday. 8.Michael W. Dukakis. 7. John Rocker wont shut up about how great you are. 6. You ask your wife who she voted for; she says, Thats personal. 5. You own one suit, and its starting to get ripe. 4. Youve done the bulk of your campaigning in Mexico. 3. Only celebrity supporting you is guy who sort of looks like Roy Scheider. 2. When McCain mentions years in Vietnamese prison,In junior high I was, like, always getting detention. 1. Voters refer to you as The dork in the pirate outfit.California approved Proposition 22. Now, as I understand it, this bans, in that state, gay marriages. So Im confused, because Im thinking, one of the advantages of being gay was you didnt have to get married.Last night I was looking at George W. Bush. . Hes talking about his big victory in the Super Tuesday, and hes thanking John McCain for bringing out the best in him. . And Im thinking to myself, Oh my God, weve seen George W. Bush at his best?Bush won Super Tuesday in the three biggest states, and when I heard that I thought to myself, I wonder if George W. can name the three biggest states.Top Ten Headlines During A George W. Bush Presidency 10. President Streaks Supreme Court 9. President Fails In Shoe-Tying Bid 8. PresidentDo These Non-Prescription Eyeglasses Make Me Look Smarter? 7. BushIm Telling My Daddy On You 6. President Cancels Meeting With Pope After Discovering Hes Catholic 5. Bush Remembers Setting Nuclear Football Down At The Mall, Doesnt Know What Happened To It 4. AmericaDay 16 of Presidents Head Stuck In Banister 3. Even Dumber George Bush III Preparing For 2012 Election 2. President Completes 3 Month Goodwill Tour Of Amsterdam 1. President Trades America For Magic DogAl Gore is saying that...he would like to debate George W.  Bush twice a week on television. I dont know, Al. You know, the American public really doesnt respond all that well to threats, okay?And Bush, hes not dumb. He says hes going to attack Al Gore with all the Clinton scandals. . And Im thinking, well, now, how will that hurt Al Gore? I mean, the Clinton scandals didnt even hurt Clinton, you know?You know, something happens when its springtime. Love is in the air. You know what Im saying, in springtime? Mayor Giuliani called Hillary today. He said, Hillary, Im single, youre single, what do you say?President Clinton is in India. . India is a nightmare for him. 400,000 square miles without a McDonalds.Whenever the President leaves the country, it raises theWhos having sex with the interns?Whether youre reading newspapers, whether youre watching television, charts and graphs is the mainstay for communication of valuable information and data to the American public. And we have some for you here tonight. . People most loved by 16-year-old girls. 20%, Backstreet Boys. 39%, NSync. 41%, Alan Greenspan.Most known George W. Bush character traits. . 33 1/3% say hes a uniter. 33 1/3% claim hes a divider. 33 1/3% claim hes the moron whos gotten by for far too long on daddys help.George W. Bush foreign leader conversion chart. . French PresidentKing Whats-His-Face. . Russian Prime MinisterYou know, that guy with the hat. English Prime MinisterThat Chinese dude.Things that annoy John McCain. . 3%, five and a half years of systematic torture in a North Vietnamese POW camp. 97%, Maria Shriver.Some bad news coming out of the Academy Awards. It turns out that the child actor Haley Joel Osment.was accidentally returned to Cuba.How many of you folks paid your taxes already? . I was going over the 1040 form and theres a box on the 1040 form you can check if you want to send Hillary back to Arkansas.People, experts, political pundits are saying now that if Hillary is elected as senator, that she will then after that run for president. . Thats all we need, you know? Bill Clinton back in the White House with even more free time.It looks like that little Cuban kid, Elian Gonzalez, is going back to Cuba. . The United States is pretty clear. They have a verywe return any Cuban to Cuba who cant pitch.Im excitedGeorge W. Bush is in town for a fundraising execution.Down there in Washington last night -- this is kind of scary -- the Secret Service arrested a guy in the middle of the night climbing over the fence at the White House. . And the interesting thing about this, usually when a guy is climbing over the fence at the White House in the middle of the night, its Clinton.Top Ten Questions On The George W. Bush Application For Running Mate 10. Ever been president? Cause that would help 9. Do you party? (If No -- skip rest of questions) 8. Do you have ideas for tax plans and stuff that I could copy from? 7. We already have a uniter on the ticket, how are your dividing skills? 6. Are you stupid? We cant have two stupid people on the ticket. 5. Will you be able to assume the presidency if Mr. Bush is really, really hungover? 4. How many lines per minute can you do? 3. Youre not a narc, are you? 2. I tiped this kweschun miself! Kan u tel? 1. Dude, what fraternity were you in?Al Gore, 52 years old today. Happy Birthday to Al Gore. His friends all got together and threw him a surprise autopsy.Have you been following the saga of Elian Gonzalez? Its a fascinating story, isnt it? . Hes everywhere. I think last night he was involved in a nightclub shootout with Jennifer Lopez.Over the weekend, Hillary Clinton accused Mayor Giuliani of turning Elian Gonzalez into a political football. . Now, wait a minute, lets get this straight. Is he a political football or an international pawn?Did you remember to change your clocks? . It is said to be a ritual with President Clinton down in Washington. Sunday morning at00 a.m., he moved an interns hand forward.You know, ladies and gentlemen, I just dont care. I dont need this job, you know? All my money is in Microsoft stock.Bad news forthe murder rate here in New York City is up 13% over last year. . As a result, Mayor Giuliani is putting more police on the streets. And Im thinking, Now wait a minute, isnt that what caused the murder rate to go up?The Japanese Prime Minister is now clinically brain dead. On the bright side, this must be very encouraging news for George W. Bush.Now, theyre talking about Elians father.coming with five friends and relatives, and theyve already (been) granted the visas. So these people are coming to the United States, and Im thinking to myself, Wait a minute, wait a minute. This is going to screw up the census.How many of you have filled out your census? You know, thats bad enough, because the long form is, like, 40 pages. But in addition to that, on the 23rd, we all have to get together for a group photo.ABC has hired Hollywood pretty boy Leonardo DiCaprio to interview President Bill Clinton. . So I guess Leonardo goes to the White House, and was granted total access. After the interview, President Clinton offered to let him sketch an intern in the nude.You know, Leonardo was the star of the Titanic movie. President Clinton.has a lot in common with the Titanic. I mean, you know, many, many people have also gone down on him.What the hell is going on? I wake up this morning and my house is surrounded by Cubans.Elian Gonzalez father arrived in the United States, I guess, early this morning, and then later in the day he was interviewed for ABC by Leonardo DiCaprio.It was an exciting first day in America for Elians father. He spent his first night not watching Falcone.Its too bad that Elian looks like hes going home now. Its too bad, because things were really starting to come together for the kid. He had signed a deal to become the voice of the Taco Bell Chihuahua.What really upsets me is the way everybody is jumping in on this thing trying to make themselves look good. . For example, Hillary Clinton today announced that she was part Cuban.President Clinton himself is also caught up in the excitement of the Elian Gonzalez case. Last night he had sex in a Castro convertible.Somebody at ABC, an adult, thought it would be a good idea to have Leonardo DiCaprio interview President Clinton. So, did you like me in Titanic, dude? Hey dude, did you see me in Gilbert Grape? What, is Ted Koppel dead? Did I miss something? What about Peter Jennings? What about Mr. Trenchcoat? Is he out of town?Top Ten Things Elian Gonzalezs Dad Said His First Day In The United States 10. You people are some Starbucks-lovin sons of bitches. 9.  I want to thank your great land for not turning my young boy into a political football. 8. Somethings wrong with this television -- the pictures in color. 7. Elian can wait -- first I visit the grave of Ricky Ricardo. 6. I will only be interviewed by respected ABC newsman Leonardo DiCaprio. 5. Does anyone know who shot J.R.? 4. I dont care if you are from the Yankees -- I cant pitch. 3. I have just heard a shocking story about your President Clinton and our cigars. 2. As long as Im here, I also want to take back Jennifer Lopez. 1. Whats a Regis?Have you been following the Hillary Clinton-Mayor Rudolph Giuliani Senate race? You know, its taking kind of a turn now. Hillary Clinton is ahead in the polls. So I guess next week, Mayor Giuliani is going to begin Plan B. Hes going to have her roughed up by the cops.Yesterday, Elian Gonzalezs father arrived from Cuba, and hes going to take Elian back to Cuba, where theyre going to live La Vida Commie.ABC has hired Hollywood pretty boy Leonardo DiCaprio to interview President Clinton. . I want to tell you, this will be the first dumb blonde in the Oval Office Clinton hasnt hit on.Sunday, it was about 20 degrees, and we got ten inches of snow. Crazy! But here in the city, Im telling you, Mayor Giuliani was right on the snow. . As soon as it started to snow, he had police shoot it.Its the middle of April, its cold here in New York City.  . So cold here today, I tried to get Janet Reno to send me back to Cuba.I have a special message and announcement for the father of Elian Gonzalez, Juan Gonzalez. Juan? Listen to me, Juan. This is your last chance to see Cats before it closes.Top Ten Signs President Clinton Is Bored 10. Spent weekend alphabetizing thousands of lawsuits pending against him; 9. Weekly radio address features less talk, more rock; 8. Every twenty minutes, calls Area 51 to ask Any new aliens?; 7. Often cuts cabinet meetings short to catch Judge Judy; 6. Hefty intern starts working in Oval Office, and he doesnt even grab her ass; 5. Watched every episode of Falcone; 4. To stir up controversy, gave Delaware to the Dutch 3. In addition to Leonardo DiCaprio, agreed to do an interview with little girl in Pepsi commercials; 2. Has started smoking cigars; 1. Actually tried to sleep with Hillary.I have an update on Elian Gonzalez. He has decided to stay. Hes going to stay in the United States and become a Latin pop star.Elian Gonzalez is ready to leave the country. Last night he saw the final episode of Falcone. And today, he unloaded all his tech stocks.President Clinton is getting a refund on his taxes. Now, this guy was cited for contempt of court. This guy was impeached. This guy lied to the American public. And Im thinking we should be getting a refund.George W. Bush met with gay Republicans. A gay republican, thats a complicated person. The gay Republicans hate Hillary Clinton, but they love what shes done with her hair.On this day in 1865, President Lincoln was assassinated in Fords Theater. He was there attending the premiere of Cats.135th anniversary of President Lincolns assassination. To commemorate the event, earlier today, President Clinton went to the theater and took a shot at an intern.Do I look haggard, do I look exhausted, do I look frenzied to you? 5:00 this morning, bang! My front door is kicked in. Immigration agents come in, drag me out.Did you see the pre-dawn raid down there in Miami? Im telling you something, I havent seen so many automatic weapons since the last time Puff Daddy went to a nightclub.The Immigration agents were very clever. They told the family they were from the Publishers Clearinghouse Prize Patrol.Elian could not be reached for comment today. Hes been busy being exploited by a different set of relatives.Rudy Giuliani has come out against the raid. Hes against it all. I think its probably because the police didnt shoot anybody.President Clinton was so moved by the whole thing that just before dawn this morning, he took an intern by force.ThisThe INS has broken into Ricky Martins house...grabbed him out of the living room, and hustled him off in a van.Now Congress wants to hold hearings. Thats right, the United States Congress wants to hold hearings about the Elian Gonzalez case. Well, that ought to speed things up.You know Juan Gonzalez? He would like to go back to Cuba because he has a job there. He works as a doorman at a hotel, and thats a pretty good gig. You know, he has to flag down Cubas only cab.Elian Gonzalez is now with his father in the Washington, D.C., area . What a year this kid has had. And when he gets back to Cuba, hes really going to be behind. He will have missed a lot, you know. For example, he will have missed an entire semester of commie brainwashing.Elians relatives in Miami, understandably so, are very, very edgy . Whenever a Jehovahs Witness comes to the front door.they hide in the closet now.Elian and his father, theyre in the Washington, D.C., area, and whenever his relatives from Miami come to visit, theyre turned away by armed guards. And Im thinking, I wish that would happen when my relatives come to visit me.The State Department is bringing some of his playmates from Cuba. Theyre bringing them up to visit him in the Washington, D.C., area. And Im thinking, Great. Thats just what this country needs, more six- year old Cubans.I think the last time four playmates visited Washington, D.C., Clinton invited Miss October, Miss November, Miss December, Miss January.IIs bring your daughter to work day today. . It was actually started by Bill Clinton about eight years ago when he was spotted leaving the Oval Office one night with an 18- year-old.ThisElian Gonzalezs pet chihuahua Peppy is being helicoptered from Havana.Six of Elians classmates are coming from Cuba to spend some time with him. Fidel let them off -- gave them the week off from rolling cigars, so theyll be here. And the kids are already being scouted by the Yankees.Im very disappointed in the way the media is handling this whole Elian Gonzalez thing. I mean, honestly, by now, dont you think we should have seen that hot cousin Marisleysis naked in Playboy?The INS has gone nuts . Earlier today, they launched a pre-dawn raid on Jennifer Lopezs ass.Top Ten Classes Elian Gonzalez Has Missed 10. The Proper Way To Greet an INS Officer Sticking a Gun in Your Face 9. Dont Show and Not Allowed To Tell 8. How To Be Good at Baseball, But Not Great Cause Then Youll Defect 7. Conversational North Korean, So You Can Speak With Practically the Only Other Commies Left 6. Band-Aid Restoration and Re-Use 5.The Only Good American President 4.What It Is and Why We Wont Let You Use It 3. Horse and Carriage Drivers Ed 2. Two Plus Two Equals Whatever Fidel Says It Equals 1. Nutritious, Well-Who Needs Em?Elian and his father are at a beautiful 300-acre retreat in Maryland. Its so nice, as a matter of fact, earlier today, Castro decided to defect.Theyre going to send up some of his classmates, like, four or five of his classmates. . The classmates.I guess, yesterday, left Havana in a 1955 Buick.All the kids are coming up to Washington, D.C. . President Clinton.(is) going out to the airport to meet the kids, and also to check out the Cuban moms.There are going to be about 12 of Elians classmates in this country. And Janet Reno, bless her heart, has promised each one of those kids their own predawn raid.Yesterday was the big gay and lesbian rally down in Washington, DC. It was a huge rally, an annual event, and very orderly. They only made one arrest. Somebody broke into the Lincoln bedroom and tried to redecorate.ABC, you know has been off the air for a couple of days, having a big fight with Time-Warner . And they just blacked them out, they werent on the air . All things have been settled. Heres what I dont understand. Weve got Elian Gonzalez, they cant settle that under a year, but when it comes to television, by God, well get that settled overnight.Elian Gonzalez, him and all his little playmate friends, are in the United states from Cuba. They loved watching the blank screen, because, you know, to them, it was just like TV in Cuba.Janet Reno was on Oprah yesterday talking about the Elian Gonzalez case. And she went on Oprah because she doesnt want the coverage of this to turn into a media circus. I noticed, I was watching, she has brand new glasses. She got them in a pre-dawn raid on Lens Crafters."Im taking mom to see Gladiator. Theres nothing like a violent Roman gladiator film, or as Janet Reno calls it, a date movie.Bill Maher (show taped in an Arizona prison): They have done everything they can here at the prison to make us feel right at home. . In fact, today, one of our cameramen joined the Aryan Brotherhood. . The initiation ceremony for them is tough, I tell you. First you gotta stab somebody. And then you gotta read Pat Buchanans autobiography."It was so hot today in New York City, Hillary Clinton is pretending to be a Canadian.It was so hot today, New Yorkers were cooling off by huddling around Mayor Giulianis marriage.It was so hot today, Monica Lewinsky was selling shade.Top Ten Reasons John McCain Endorsed George W. Bush: 10. Setting record -- Endorsing most dumb rich white guys 9. The fact that people who dont endorse him often end up in the electric chair 8. Bush hinted might be able to bring back Beverly Hills 90210 7. George W. has videotape of McCain partying with him in 1980s 6. Figured, Whats the difference -- Gores gonna whip him like a gimp donkey anyway 5. The skip in his step, the twinkle in the eye...the mans in love! 4. Bush vowed to brush up on foreign leaders, like that French whats- his-face 3. Four horrendous years with Bush equals President McCain in 2004 2. Very persuasive argument presented by Bushs drug kingpin friends 1. Tired of Bush calling in middle of night screaming, Pleeeeease!Mayor Rudolf Giuliani.and his wife are splitting up? . Giuliani mention it in a press conference. Hes got a good reason. He said now its come to pass that his wife is starting to come between he and his girlfriend, so he had to make a decision.Giuliani is now going to marry his girlfriend, so shell be his new wife, and then hell start looking for another girlfriend.The good news is now he is free to run for Senate against Hillary and maybe date her.Paula Jones.going to pose nude in Penthouse magazine. Shes doing it to kick her New York Senate campaign.Paula Jones in Penthouse. What is the opposite of Viagra?This poor girl is so trashy, its hard to believe she didnt screw Clinton.I am Dave Letterman, your new Republican candidate for senator.This just in. Rudy Giuliani is running for mayor of Splitsville.Let me see if I have this straight. So, Hillary Clinton now is the Senate candidate with the stable marriage, right? I tell you, politics is a crazy thing.Hillary is so confident now, she is raising cash legally.Mayor Giuliani said this whole thing has been painful. Its been painful to him, of course, and its also painful to Hillary, because she wrenched her back earlier today doing cartwheels.They are saying now that Giuliani had two girlfriends. And ITwo girlfriends? Come on. My God, President Clinton has two girlfriends before lunch.Right here on CBS was the 49th Miss Universe Pageant, earlier tonight. The winner, of course, gets a scholarship, jewelry, and a night on the town with Mayor Rudy Giuliani.Its been kind of a bad week for Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. First his wife throws him out. Twenty minutes later, hes arrested by the police for being homeless.They announced that the marriage was over, and immediately after the announcement, Rudy went down to Times Square and reopened all the strip clubs.Say what you will about Hillary, she doesnt let a little thing like a girlfriend get in the way of her marriage, does she?Things were pretty dull here in New York City over the weekend. Its been 24 hours since weve had a startling announcement from Mayor Rudy Giuliani.Now the Mayor is saying that next week hell decide whether or not hes running for the Senate. See, heres the problem. Were six months into the campaign, and he hasnt decided whether hes going to run yet.Yesterday Giuliani was out playing golf. Thats unbelievable to me. I mean, hes having an affair, hes playing golf. This guy doesnt want to be senator; this guy wants to be president.This is the big TV week of the spring. This is the big finales week. . For example this is the big finale for ER. This is the big finale for Friends. And this is the big finale for the Giuliani marriage.Poor Rudy, hes having a bad week. He didnt even get an adultery bump in the polls.How many of you, if the election was held tomorrow, would vote for Al Gore? How many of you, if the election was held tomorrow, would vote for George W. Bush? How many of you, if the election was held tomorrow, would be really surprised that they were having an election in May?Apparently, Al Gore, in the polls, he does not attract -- women are not attracted to Al Gore. Thats a big problem for him. But you know, on the other hand, I am thinking to myself, ladies and gentlemen, after all we have been through, isnt that a positive thing, really, when you think about it?I feel bad for Rudy Giuliani. . What a run of bad luck. Hes really down. . Insiders today say that he no longer gets a kick out of rounding up the homeless.Hillary and Rudy are now tied in the polls. You know Hillary, shes the happily married candidate.Hillary was nominated at the convention for the Democratic candidate for Senator. . Hillary says she plans to devote herself to improving the lives of New Yorkers. And I am thinking, What, shes moving back to Arkansas?Top Ten Hillary Clinton Campaign Slogans 10. Because No Clinton Has Ever Disgraced The Office Of Senator 9. Ill Try Not To Misplace Or Shred Important Legislation 8. Endorsed By The CBS Jesus 7. If You Slept With My Husband, The Least You Can Do Is Vote For Me 6. Ive Loved Every One Of The 17 Days Ive Spent Here In New York 5. Of The Two Insane Power-Hungry Candidates, Im Better At Pretending To Be Nice 4. Vote For Me Or Ill Have Bill Poison Your Water Supply 3. Never Indicted...Knock On Wood! 2 I Can Run New York -- Hell, I Ran The Whole Country 1. Waitll You See The Scandals Im Planning!You excited about the Senate race? . You have Hillary Clinton -- shes the happily-married candidate -- and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani.The polls now have them in a dead heat. Well actually, Rudy is just in heat.Every day for the last couple of weeks, theres been a startling revelation about Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. Today the startling revelation was, late at night -- really, really late at night -- that he like to go outside and jaywalk naked.It looks like Hillary Clinton is now going to be your next senator, ladies and gentlemen. . I think its only fair. I mean, after eight years of Bill, you ought to give somebody else in the family a chance to embarrass the Clintons.Mayor Rudolph Giuliani said that if he did run for Senate, he would actually place two girlfriends in a blind trust.Thats a great thing about President Clinton. He can juggle a wife, a job, and a mistress.Rick Lazio? Isnt he the back-up catcher for the Mets?Rick Lazio? Isnt he that Cuban kids uncle?Rick Lazio. One day youre working at a pizza parlor in Queens and the next youre running against Hillary Clinton.Rick Lazio. One day youre working at a body shop in Massapequa and the next youre running against Hillary Clinton.Rick Lazio. He looks like a guy who couldnt get past the $500 question on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?Welcome to the race, Rick! Night after night after night, guys like me working you over. Welcome!The NRA is opening a theme restaurant down in Times Square. . I believe its called Planet Homicide.To get your waiters attention, just fire a couple of warning shots.The specialty of the house is the Chicken NRA. Its served face down with a bullet in its back.Top Ten Features of the NRA Restaurant 10. Freshest meat in town because they shoot it right before your eyes. 9. Bulletproof lobster bibs. 8. Mandatory seven-day waiting period between ordering dinner and dessert. 7. Tip over 20 percent, get complimentary frisking by waitress. 6. Monday night is Ladies Night, and by ladies we mean guys too sissy to carry loaded weapons. 5. All waiters named Smith or Wesson. 4. Eric Clapton guitar they stole at gunpoint from Hard Rock Cafe. 3. Movie memorabilia from such stars as Charlton Heston...and Charlton Heston. 2. If cook screws up your order, put a cap in his ass! 1. Bar sells both kinds of Colt .45.Down in Time Square, the NRA is opening a theme restaurant. The waiters will be out-of-work serial killers.The big dish down there will be the Unarmed Chicken.Theyre going to have some good promotions. . You get your dessert for free if your first two names are Lee Harvey.Rick Lazio? Wasnt he married to Darva Conger for a while?Did he host Dance Fever, Rick Lazio?Bad news for the Mayor. His wife, Donna Hanover is suing for divorce. So soon the Mayor will Hanover the car and they keys to the vacation house.Top Ten Things That Will Get You Disbarred In Arkansas 10.  Citing the wrong episode of Matlock as legal precedent 9. Neglecting to remove hay from mouth before addressing judge 8. Lying under oath without crossing your fingers 7 Filing motion for yee without motion for an accompanying haw 6. Getting involved in crooked land deal, not letting your friends join in 5. Taking too long with closing statement, forgetting courthouse turns into pool hall at 5 4. Placing 3 Xs on jug of moonshine when its only strong enough for 2 3. Letting possum out of your briefcase while courts in session 2 Forgetting to tip the state trooper who brings you a hooker 1. Too much fancy book-learninMission Impossible 2 opened today. You know what its about? The Rick Lazio campaign.Rick Lazio -- One day youre a bus boy at Olive Garden and the next youre running for the Senate against Hillary Clinton.Rick Lazio -- One day youre doing body work for Joey Buttafuoco and the next youre running for the Senate against Hillary Clinton. Rick Lazio - Isnt he the weekend weatherman from Channel 9? Now heres Rick with the 5-day forecast.The NRA is opening a theme restaurant down the street in Times Square. . The big item on the menu is going to be the Whacked Chicken. If you wan to take your leftovers home, the waiters will wrap them in foil and shape it to look like an assassinated president.The NRA has aGuns dont kill people, salmonella kills people.Are you excited about the Senate campaign? . If Rick Lazio looks familiar, he is the kid in high school who would always bring in the projector.Rick Lazio - hes the guy who always comes over to you at the A&P to OK your check.Top Ten Al Gore Tennant10. Request to fix leaky faucet has been sitting in a congressional subcommittee for eleven years 9. Tippers Black Sabbath tribute band is constantly rehearsing 8. Insists the security deposit be paid in hugs 7. You put Bush sticker on car, your electricity mysteriously stops working 6. Your rent is a day late, Janet Reno orders a break-in to take checkbook 5. Endless stories about how he invented the mailbox 4. Once a week you have to clear out to make room for Bubba and some stewardesses 3. Tipper showing up in negligee saying, There are other ways to pay the rent 2. Al showing up in negligee saying, There are other ways to pay the rent 1. House is always getting egged by George W. Bush.Are you excited about the Senate campaign? . If Rick Lazio looks familiar, he is the kid in high school who would always bring in the projector.Rick Lazio - hes the guy who always comes over to you at the A&P to OK your check.Top Ten Al Gore Tennant10. Request to fix leaky faucet has been sitting in a congressional subcommittee for eleven years 9. Tippers Black Sabbath tribute band is constantly rehearsing 8. Insists the security deposit be paid in hugs 7. You put Bush sticker on car, your electricity mysteriously stops working 6. Your rent is a day late, Janet Reno orders a break-in to take checkbook 5. Endless stories about how he invented the mailbox 4. Once a week you have to clear out to make room for Bubba and some stewardesses 3. Tipper showing up in negligee saying, There are other ways to pay the rent 2. Al showing up in negligee saying, There are other ways to pay the rent 1. House is always getting egged by George W. Bush.How many of you have Senate campaign fever? First you have Hillary, and then you have Rick Lazio. Rick Lazio -- hes the flight attendant who forgets to give you the change for the headphones?Rick Lazio - isnt he the guy in Chopper 2 above the 405 reporting the traffic?Weve had a lot of rain here in New York City. . It was raining so hard Mayor Giuliani and his girlfriend had to humiliate his wife indoors.I heard that President Clinton.is getting nostalgic and thoughtful -- reflective about his time in office. Earlier today, he called Joe Lockhart into the Oval Office and he reenacted the Kathleen Willey grope.He sits around all day watching impeachment highlights videos.Also today, he reenacted moving Vince Fosters body to the park.And then today he held a big intern reunion under his desk.Vice President Al Gore has kicked off his Progress and Prosperity tour. And you thought this summer was going to be dull!Progress and Prosperity. . His campaign slogan is from the 39 Worlds Fair.Congress is going to pass a law banning elephants from being in the circus. Hey, if you want to ban something, how about Roseanne posing nude for Playboy.Al Gore has kicked off his Progress and Prosperity tour.  I hope it works better for Al than it did for Wendell Wilkie.Heres some insight regarding Fathers Day. Dad does not want a tie. Dad does not want Old Spice. Dad wants his own intern.Theyre going to pass a law here in New York City for some sort of fire- proof cigarette. . What that means is if you dont suck on it, the flame dies. Thats also how you describe a Clinton relationship.Are you excited about Al Gore? He got a new campaign manager. Yeah, Bill Daley. And they say this is the guy thats going to put the excitement and the enthusiasm in the Al Gore...and Im thinking to myself, Well, hell, why dont they just run this guy? Huh? If hes that exciting and enthusiastic.Gore, you know.people perceive him as being kind of rigid, kind of stiff, and hes always trying to, you know, show them that thats not true, that hes exciting and loose. Hes changed his name now to Tiger Gore.Did you see Shaft over the weekend? Big movie. You know, President Clinton, we know, is quite a film buff, and over the weekend he got a bunch of interns together in the Oval Office. And he showed them the original shaft.Heres how Survivor works. Each week, they vote someone off the island. Its kind of like the Al Gore campaign.Ralph Nader is now the presidential candidate of the Green Party. Finally a candidate with some excitement!They are worried Ralph Nader will siphon votes away from Al Gore. I think Al Gore is siphoning votes away from Al Gore.Top Ten Signs The Supreme Court Needs10. Most of their rulings taken word-for-word from that days Judge Judy. 9. Courts last opinion was written on back of Club Med brochure. 8. Justices frequently announce, My verdict is tails...I mean, guilty. 7. Overwhelmingly repealed the one person per robe rule. 6. Rehnquist has been pounding the gavel four, maybe five times a day. 5. Most days court consists of three justices and six magic 8 balls. 4. Just held tribal council and voted out Justice Anthony Kennedy. 3. Last couple of cases each day are decided by the cleaning crew. 2. Only thing theyre arguing lately is margaritas vs. daiquiris. 1. Oath witnessesDo you swear blah blah blah?Elian Gonzalez is back in Cuba, ladies and gentlemen, after seven months. His final words before he got onWell, let me know who wins the million on Survivor.And then he thanked the American people for turning a simple legal matter into a six-month circus.Right now Elian is back at his old job sewing buttons on Regis Philbin shirts.The Arkansas Supreme Court says President Clinton should lose his license to practice law because he doesnt have the moral fiber a lawyer should have. . They are talking about having him de-shystered.President Clinton is in town. . He is on the aircraft carrier JFK. I believe this is the largest thing the President has ridden since.President Clinton was in town yesterday. I did not get a chance to meet him, but I understand he is a big doughy guy.President Clinton was so excited about the tall ships that he ordered two navy WAVES to hoist his jib.Heres the lineup on Big Brother. They have a stripper, a beauty queen and a woman who likes to dress like a slut. Who picked these people? Could it have been Clinton?Have you been following the big summit there at Camp David? Things arent going well. Earlier today, Arafat was voted off.Arafat was so depressed, Hillary rushed in with a consoling hug.Bill Clinton is doing what he can. Earlier today he leaned over to Barak and said, You know, my last girlfriend was Jewish.There are 70 million rats in New York City. Here is the break-down: 35 million are for Hillary, 35 million are for Rick Lazio.It was so hot in Texas today that George W. Bush fried a guy on the sidewalk.According to polls, Al Gore is doing better with women. . This provides for the Gore campaign -- at a crucial moment in their strategy - - with false hope.It looks like George W. Bush is going to jump start his campaign. He is really shifting into high gear. . It looks like he is going to select Dick Cheney as his running mate. So well get some of that Dick Cheney Mania.Dick Cheney is a little older than Bush. Hes had 3 heart attacks and a couple of by-pass surgeries. I think as a change of pace it will be nice to have someone in the Oval Office whose arteries are hard.Top Ten Shocking Facts About10. To make himself more appealing to Bush, executed 47 people in Wyoming. 9. Once dressed up as a bellhop to meet N Sync. 8. Recently caught scribbling George + Cheney during strategy meeting. 7. Accused of conflict of interest after voting in favor of tax cut for bald guys. 6. For brief 6-month period in 1974, known as Rita Cheney. 5. As Secretary of Defense, approved Arms For Gyros deal with Greece. 4. Hes fat. 3. Told Bush only place he plans on campaigning is Margaritaville. 2. Spends 17 hours a day at Big Brother website looking at exotic dancer. 1. Picks up chicks by claiming to be Alan Greenspan.George W. Bush has selected his vice presidential running mate -- Dick Cheney. . Dick Cheney is very excited. Hes already resigned form his restricted country club.Dick Cheney -- didnt he manage the Kansas City Royals for a while?Bush-Cheney -- I havent been this excited since Dukakis- Bentsen.It seems to me that George W. Bush didnt take his search for a number two as Regis is taking his search for a number two.Top Ten Agreements Reached at Camp David 10. One thing worse than sitting through 15 days of negotiations is 15 minutes of Big Brother 9. Palestine gets Gaza Strip, Israel gets Gaza strippers 8. When youre drunk, its much harder to say Ehud Barak than Yasser Arafat 7. If George W. Bush becomes president, were all screwed 6. At future summit meetings, Madeleine Albright stops wearing see- through blouses 5. They all totally have to keep in touch next year 4. No blondes 3. Nothing better than wrapping up long day of negotiations with a round of Pictionary 2. The Israeli and Palestinian governments really, really, really have to set up intern programs 1. Those girls on Sex and the City are right -- men are d-o- g-s dogs.George W. Bush and Dick W. Cheney are out now campaigning.  I havent been this excited since Dole-Kemp.Dick Cheney had a big day. He had two town hall meetings, three press conferences and a mild heart attack.Dick Cheney brings experience, steadiness and foreign policy skills to the ticket. And Im thinking, What the hell is Bush bringing?Are you excited about the Republican convention? . Opening night festivities at the Republican convention down in Philadelphia. Colin Powell speaks and then right after that, Dick Cheney has a heart attack.  Thats the schedule for tonight.You have to feel bad for Dick Cheney because he could be our next vice president and yet at the convention he has to walk around with a name tag that reads My Name is Dick Cheney.After the Republican convention theyre saying George W. Bush.will get a convention bounce. The same thing happens for the Democratic convention. A convention bounce there means that Clinton has nailed a delegates wife.Have you been watching the Republican National Convention? Last night I got so bored, I switched over to Big Brother and watched the exotic dancer spin dry her underpants.At the Republican National Convention last night, they had a native American speak, they had a Latin American speak, they had an African American speak, and a Jewish guy spoke. And Im thinking, Thats great, but, its a foursome youll never see at a Republican country club.Colin Powell was the big speaker and he also received the coveted Irving Thalberg Award.The entertainment for the night was Frankie Avalon. And, if you know who Frankie Avalon is, you are automatically a Republican.Charlton Heston is going to speak at the Republican Convention. Last week Charlton Heston admitted that he had a drinking problem, and I said to myself, Thank God this guy doesnt own any guns.Say what you want about the Republican Convention. Everybody in New York City has really got that patriotic fervor that you get around convention time. . Even the hookers down in Times Square -- God bless them -- they are offering a Republican Convention Special. For an extra $17.76, theyll give you something called a Dick Cheney.You folks been watching the Republican National Convention? It has not been doing very well in the TV ratings. Last night, the Republican National Convention was beaten by Lifetime. They were showing an Intimate Portrait of Aunt Bea.The Republican Convention so far has been dull. Very, very dull. Its so dull, in fact, tonight Al Gore is speaking.Every night the Republicans have a theme. Last night the theme was, Faith In Our Homes and In the World. Tonight, the theme is Prosperity with a Purpose. Tomorrow nights theme is Summer Salads With Tofu.Dick Cheney spoke at the convention earlier tonight. His speech was interrupted 32 times by applause, and two times by minor heart attacks.It was a busy day for Dick Cheney. He had to pick out which one of his 50 gray suits he was going to wear.Last night they had the gay addressing the Republican convention -- the openly gay Republican. Did you see this guy? See, the openly gay Republican, he hates Hillary Clinton, but he loves what shes done with her hair.Top Ten Announcements That Would Cause A Panic At The Republican10. Stop by the concession area and pick up Barbara Bushs swimsuit calendar. 9. At the conclusion of his speech, George W. Bush will execute some lucky delegate. 8. Run for your lives! Dick Cheneys heart is going to explode! 7. Because of the convention, Becker will not be seen tonight. 6. Please welcome a completely naked Jesse Helms. 5.  Now, to sing our National Anthem, Dave Letterman. 4. Former President Bush, your sons head is stuck in the podium again. 3. Richard Nixon is out in the parking lot and hes pissed. 2. If anyone finds an appointment book filled with names of prominent Republicans, please return it to the hooker in the lobby. 1. The caterer forgot the scotch!How many of you enjoyed the Republican National Convention last night on CBS? . Nobody is watching this thing. The ratings just stink. Last night it was beaten by TV Lands Gomer Pyle marathon.Dick Cheney was speaking last night and at the end of his speech, a single white rose was tossed on stage by the Republicans openly gay delegate.Republicans have the openly gay delegate, but the Democrats have an openly straight president.Every night at the Republican Convention, they had a theme. And tonight the theme was Lets End this Charade And Get Back to Our Restricted Country Club.WWF wrestling star The Rock was at the convention last night. Incidentally, while that was going on, President Clinton was wrestling an intern.Top Ten Signs Youve Nominated A Dumb Guy 10. Gets sidetracked during speeches because microphones look like delicious ice cream cones 9. Deep wrinkles in brow from countless times hes said, Huh? 8. Frequently misspells GOP. 7. Ends speech by dramatically setting fire to the Constitution. 6. Brags that he combines morality of Clinton with charisma of Gore. 5. Voted to kick exotic dancer out of the Big Brother house. 4. Claims to be inspired by great presidents such as Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln and Richard Dawson. 3. Only does interviews for wrestling magazines. 2. Vows that come November, The hookers are gonna be calling me Mr. President. 1. Promises to put a man on the moon by 2005.Earlier today, Al Gore selected Senator Joe Lieberman to be his vice presidential candidate on the Democratic ticket. Just when you thought the Gore campaign couldnt get more exciting!I havent been this excited about a ticket since Mondale- Ferraro.Gore-Lieberman -- thats a clinic over on First Avenue, isnt it?Joe Lieberman -- isnt he the agent they always thank on the Academy Awards?Joe Lieberman..is staid. He is conservative. He makes Dick Cheney look like Ricky Martin.Hes already bringing changes in the campaign. Today for the first time in history, Air Force Two served their first kosher meal.You know the interesting thing about Joe Lieberman -- there are no interesting things about Joe Lieberman.Lieberman would be the first Jewish person to serve directly under a president since Monica.How about that Al Gore? He is living La Vida Lieberman, isnt he?Al Gore has selected Sen. Joe Lieberman to be his running mate. People are thrilled by this choice. Earlier today, I saw a couple of rabbis out on Broadway rolling a party keg right down the middle of the street.Here is something interesting about Sen. Joe Lieberman. If he looks familiar to you, back in the 80s, he was the father on Alf.The Republicans are so worried about the selection of Joe Lieberman as Democratic vice presidential candidate, George W. Bush is thinking about dumping Cheney and selecting actor Jerry Orbach.The Democrats are so impressed with Lieberman they are urging Lieberman to dump Gore.Experts and pundits are calling this the biggest breakthrough since I selected Paul Shaffer.Now we are finding out more and more about Sen. Joe Lieberman. . He likes to spend his weekends locked in the house reading the Torah. Its like I have a twin!How many of you remember President Clinton? With all of the attention Gore is getting.he is a little testy, a little grumpy. Earlier today, down in the Oval Office, and aide walks in and Clinton snapped, he said, Cant you see Ive got somebody under my desk?Ladies and Gentlemen, its day four of Liebermania!Senator Joe Lieberman, the vice presidential candidate on the Al Gore ticket is so popular, earlier today at a meeting George W. Bush got his staff together and he said, Get me some Jewish friends.Last night down there in Texas, they electrocuted two guys a half an hour apart. . But next time, so theres no delay, they are just going to, you know, when they have two guys they are going to have one guy sit on top of the other guys lap and then just do both at once.Everybody has got Survivor fever. Earlier today, millions of Americans voted Al Gore off Tipper.President Clinton is in Africa. He was presented with a ceremonial robe and ho. Its a coincidence because in the Oval Office Clinton spent a lot of time in a robe with a ho.The New York Mets are doing so well right now, Hillary Clinton is no longer pretending to be a Yankees fan, shes pretending to be a Mets fan.Ralph Nader is running for president on the Green Party ticket, and earlier today he announced his running mate Winona LaDuke. So look out George and Al! Boys, weve got us a horse race now.Winona LaDuke, wasnt she one of the Dixie Chicks?President Clinton -- you remember President Clinton? -- Well, hes back from Africa. And while he was over there, an African tribe gave him a beautiful ceremonial robe. Its interesting. This is the first time hes come back with a robe that doesnt have Ritz-Carlton written on it.Al Gore is way ahead in the polls now. Hes so confident that he started raising cash legally.ThisIf Al Gore goes on to win, itll be because he was making out with his wife at the convention. . The Republicans now are just panicked. Now listenEarlier today to try and even things out, George Bush and his wife were seen making out at an execution.George W. Bush today is saving taxpayers in that state a lot of money. Heres what he did. Hes discontinuing the use of the alcohol swab before the lethal injection.Ralph Nader, of course running on the Green Party ticket announced his running mate, Winona LaDuke. You probably remember her as one of the LaDukes of Hazzard.One day youre greeting cowboys at the Mustang Ranch, the next day youre running for vice president.According to the new polls.Al Gore and George W. Bush in a dead heat, locked in a dead heat. Hillary Clinton and Rick Lazio locked in a dead heat. President Clinton, well, you know hes just in heat.People are all over Bush. Theyre saying that hes lazy, that hes not campaigning hard enough, you know? That hes just lazy, and Im thinking, well, no, this guys not...I mean, for example, today he executed two people. Hes not lazy.I dont think its that hes lazy, hes just not taking it seriously. He will not schedule any campaign events if Caddyshack is on.He had a busy day today, George W. Bush. He took Dick Cheney and his wife to the Olive Garden.President Clinton took Janet Reno down there to Colombia, did you know that? They toured downtown Bogota, and then went cruising for hot Latin babes.George W. Bush is having his annual Governors Labor Day barbecue down there in Austin. Every year he likes to grill a couple of death row inmates.Theyre having the millennium summit over there at the UN.  . There were eight dictators in New York City today. Well, nine if you count Giuliani.Fidel Castro is also here. Fidel will address the gathering at the UN. And hes also in town to pick up parts for his 1955 Pontiac.I think it was last week George W. Bush said that he hopes to restore honor, dignity and decency to the White House. Nice going, a- -h---.(Bush) called a reporter for the New York Times a major league a--h--- . And you know, I thought that title belonged to George Steinbrenner.Bush really is in a lot of trouble now because it turns out you cannot call somebody a major league a--h-- without the expressed written consent of Major League Baseball.Chelsea Clinton. . Shes dating a White House intern. Boy, shes all Clinton, isnt she?So Chelseas new boyfriend is a White House intern and that means apparently the only Clinton not dating an intern is Hillary.I have kind of an announcement to make before we get too far into the show. I would like to apologize for last nights show. I didnt know the microphone was on.Are you enjoying the Millennium Summit? They got all of the world leaders in town over at the UN.  You know, Fidel Castro is in town and when every he comes to New York City he goes crazy, this guy. Ill bet you right now hes back in his hotel room enjoying the eight dollar dirty movie.I saw Castro earlier today walking down the street and a woman runs up to him and she says, Rabbi, what do you think of Joe Lieberman?Castro loves the hotel. Hes staying over there in the Waldorf and he loves it so much, as a matter of fact, the only way they are going to be able to get him out of his suite is a pre-dawn raid.Castro is very impressed with American television.  The only television show in Cuba thats popular at all, I believe, is called, Who Wants To Win A Live Chicken?George W. Bush has also had a big day. He addressed the Millennium Summit of major league a--h---s.Are you excited about the big Millennium Summit? They had 150 world leaders from all over the planet here at the UN taking part. . Whenever the leaders from around the world come to New York City, they go nuts. For example, I saw Castro earlier today getting his beard trimmed at Supercuts.Castro addressed the UN group, and it was a very important speech for Castro. So important, as a matter of fact, he called Bruce Vilanch to get a couple of jokes.At the big Millennium Summit, they had a big banquet.and I want to tell you, they had all of those people. There hasnt been so much ego and so much raw thirst for power and aggression in one room, well, I guess since the last time Hillary Clinton dined alone.Chelsea, you know.shes dating a White House intern. And I dont know that this works constitutionally, but the Republicans are now trying to impeach her.But her father, the President -- how many of you remember President Clinton? Hes already said that he likes the kid. And well, that makes perfect sense since Clinton never met an intern he didnt like.Today in the New York Post there was a picture of Rick Lazio hugging Mussolini.Yesterday, Al Gore appeared on Oprah winfrey. Al, you go girl!When Al Gore was on Oprah, we learned that his favorite food is Chinese. What a coincidence. Thats also his favorite fundraising.It turns out now that when Dick (Cheney) lived in Texas, he didnt vote. . All right, so he doesnt vote. On the other hand, his heart condition keeps him from having wild extra-marital sex.Learning more and more about George W. Bush. Apparently each day he spends three and a half hours playing video games. . The guys only goalhe wants to do really well in Tetris.Democrats are charging that the Republicans are running this commercial with subliminal messages in it. Have you heard about this thing? Its somehow where you see briefly you see the word rat in this commercial. And so George W. Bush is embarrassed, and he says no, no, no, no. The world rat, he says thats a complete mistake. Its supposed to be the world a--h---.Have you seen George W. Bush trying to pronounce the word subliminal? He pronounces the word subliminable. And it makes me wonder, Gosh, do you think this guy is electamable?Top 10 Rejected Gore-Lieberman campaign slogans (presented by Al Gore): 10. Vote for me or Ill come to your home and explain my 191-page economic plan to you in excruciating detail. 9. Remember America, I gave you the Internet and I can take it away. Think about it. 8. Your vote automatically enters you in a drawing for the $123 billion surplus. 7. With Lieberman on the ticket, you get all kinds of fun new days off. Vote for us, were going to work 24/6. 6. We know when the microphone is on. 5. Vote for me and I will take whatever steps are necessary to outlaw the term, Whazzzup. 4. Gore-Lieberman: You dont have to worry about pork-barrel politics. 3. Youll thank us in four years when the escalator to the moon is finished. 2. If I can handle Letterman, I can handle Saddam Hussein. 1. Ill be twice as cool as that president guy in West Wing.I see where President Clinton and his...lovely wife were looking for an apartment here in New York City. . I thought, Well, good luck, Tubby, when they see that impeachment on the application. Al Gore is being accused of stealing George Bush campaign secrets. Thats like stealing the blueprints for Firestone tires.President Clinton has got Olympic fever. Earlier today he performed a perfect dismount off an intern.You excited about the presidential debates? Its going to be something, aint it? Dick Cheney is all excited. His goal for the debates is just to get through the debates without having a heart attack.President Clinton will also be watching. Hes already said hell be watching the debates while having sex.But both of the candidates now, Al Gore and George W. Bush, theyre in seclusion now getting ready for the big debates. I think Al Gore spent the day at the beach with his family. And I believe to relax, George W. Bush watched an execution.Its warmer than it ought to be right now in New York City. In fact, it was so warm today that a West Nile mosquito needed a cool drink, so it bit Hillary.The Yankees and the Mets are both in the playoffs. So, its a bad time for Hillary. She doesnt know who to pretend to root for.Sid you see the big first presidential debate earlier tonight right here on CBS? Unusual format. Instead of opening statements, both candidates began by French kissing their wives.This George W. Bush has got to be careful. Hes got to know when to be more candid with his remarks because, you know, hes under a microscope. . Tonight, before the debate a reporter comes up to George W. Bush, and he says, Are you nervous? And George W. Bush says, Nah, I had a couple of stiff belts. Im fine. Ill be fine. Dont worry about me.Earlier today, George W. Bush said he has one goal for these debates. He wants to show the American people that hes presidentiamable.Did you folks enjoy the presidential debates the other night? . This Al Gore, I mean, you got to hand it to Al Gore, he certainly can talk, cant he? Seems like he had an answer for everything, but he stretches the truth. He invokes the hyperbole, and you know, he took credit for inventing the Internet now. Hes taking credit for the concept of Becker. How about Jim Lehrer? I thought he did a wonderful job of hosting the debates, although next year I hope they bring back Billy Crystal.Earlier tonight, of course, were the vice presidential debates. Just when you thought things couldnt get any more exciting. Joe Lieberman, Dick Cheney, and dont kid yourself, theres a lot on the line here for Dick Cheney. If he does not win in November, he has to go back to his $5 million a year job.I thought, the other night in the presidential debates, I thought both candidates looked very presidential. Each of them showed up with their own intern.Youre watching the Late Show. This is the kind of television entertainment that Joe Lieberman has warned you about.How many of you watched the vice presidential debates? . I thought Joe Lieberman looked very good, very relaxed standing there at the podium. And, on the other hand, I thought Dick Cheney also looked relaxed lying there on the gurney.Here was the format for the debate. . They gave Dick Cheney two minutes for opening remarks, and then they gave him another 20 minutes to catch his breath and then he was fine.It got a little negative towards the end. . And I thought it was bad form, Senator Lieberman calling Dick Cheney a major league putz.Tonight, right after The Bette Midler Show, on CBS comes the Al W. Gore/George W. Bush debates. Talk about a coincidence. Bette Midler and Al Gore have the same make-up person.Its easy for me to make jokes about the debates because I got nothing to do with them. But these guys take this stuff very seriously. . Al Gore spent a lot of time now working on his fibs and George W. Bush has been practicing his deer in the headlights look.The debate got off to a rocky start. George W. Bush tried to pronounce Slobodan Milosevic and he sprained his tongue.Gore says if hes elected to president, he will put a 24- hour television camera inside the Oval Office. And you thought this show was dull.Tuesday is another presidential debate. First Al Gore was overbearing. That was in the first debate. Then in the second debate, he was completely passive. Now, hes working on being dazed and disoriented.Al Gore has made this promise. He says if he is elected, in the first 100 days, he will nail down a personality.Im no political expert. Im no political pundit, but it looks to me like you have a clear cut choice. You have the choice of one candidate who babbles incoherently and then a second candidate who babbles incoherently.Everybody in New York city has the subway series fever. For example, Mayor Giulianis wife is wearing a Mets cap. His girlfriend is wearing a Yankees cap.Heres the problem with that Al Gore. Al Gore now has a split personality. Whenever he turns on his personality, everybody splits.George Bush, if you saw that debate earlier tonight, man, is this guy confident. He was so confident, he kissed Tipper.The first debate, they said Al Gore was too aggressive. And then they said the second debate, he was too passive, but for the third debate, earlier tonight, they got the medication just right.George W. Bush is saying he wants to look for oil in wilderness areas. He wants to go prospecting for oil in wilderness areas. And I think, well, the only good thing about this is for a change well have a president who is drilling in Alaska instead of the Oval Office.Al Gore wants the debates rerun on cable to make sure as many people as possie can experience his off-putting personality.George W. Bush, by the way, is on the program tonight. We have an exciting deal. Everybody in the audience will receive a dollar bill tonight every time the Governor says, I trust people, not government.I think the Governor should feel right at home. Hes used to spending time with people with heart trouble."(Bush) said he was actually nervous during the debates because if you saw the debate, Al Gore got very close to George W. Bush and just kind of, you know, it was kind a tense moment. And the Governor said he was nervous, he thought Al was going to kiss him.George W. Bush (appearing on the Letterman show): Top Ten Changes I Will Make In The White House (read by George W. Bush): 10.To save taxpayer dollars, calls to winning sports teams will be collect. 9. New rule at cabinet meetings"You cant talk until you ride the mechanical bull. 8. Goodbye boring presidential radio address, hello Dick Cheney spins the hits of the80s, 90s and today. 7. Make sure the White House library has lots of books with big print and pictures. 6. Just for fun, issue an executive order commanding my brother Jeb to wash my car. 5. First day in office, my mothers face goes up on Mount Rushmore. 4. Looking into hiring a security guard for our nuclear secrets. 3. Will not get sick on Japanese leaders like other President Bushes I know. 2. Give Oval Office one heck of a scrubbing. 1. Tax relief for all Americans except smart-aleck talk-show hosts.God bless that Hillary Clinton. Shes still kind of an outsider, you know? But you know, she tries. People are saying, Hillary, its the subway series, who are you rooting for in the subway series? And she said, The D train?Hillary Clinton is doing everything she can to exploit the subway series. Shes dating David Justice, did you know that?Because it is Halloween, Texas Governor George W. Bush presided over and execution dressed as the Grim Reaper.Earlier tonight, Hillary Clinton went out dressed as a New Yorker.President Clinton is in the Halloween spirit. Right now down in Washington he is helping an intern out of her costume.They caught a guy trying to hop over the White House fence. . Listen to me. I know youre eager. I know youre anxious, but youre just going to have to wait until Wednesday, Governor Bush.The only guy sneaking into the White House these days is President Clinton, you know what Im saying?Its a dead heat, its neck and neck, but experts believe that George W. Bush will probably be president. . And theyre so certain he is going to win, theyre already printing up the easy-to-read nuclear strike codes.Your pundits, your experts are saying it all could come down to Florida. Theyre saying it all could come down to Florida. Florida is like Anne Heche. It could go either way.Apparently, Clintons feelings are hurt because Gore doesnt want him out there campaigning. Yeah, its hard to imagine you wouldnt want anyone out there campaigning for you whos been impeached, isnt it?All week long here at The Late Show were running a deal. Were selling out all our old Clinton jokes. . Listen to this inventory.  We have 7,500 President Clinton jokes, all of which end in the word intern.Theyre calling Gore now, a liar. Theyre calling Bush a dumb guy. And Im thinking to myself, wait a minute, why cant we get one candidate whos both a dumb guy and a liar?Gore cant get any momentum going here in the last days of the campaign. Bush, actually, is a nine-point favorite among death row inmates.They say this thing is neck-and-neck. Its going right down to the wire. Earlier today, Gore was endorsed by Ben and Bush was endorsed by Jerry.The Senate race here in New York, Hillary Clinton is very, very confident. Shes so confident shes no longer pretending that he likes it here.This is an historical day. 201 years ago, the cornerstone was laid in Washington for the White House. Thats right. 201 years ago they laid the cornerstone for the White House. Go ahead and make up your own Bill Clinton joke.This is the last day of the presidential race. Or, as George W. Bush calls it, last call.George W. Bush is so confident hes already hired a designated driver.We could be about to elect someone who has a DUI. And Im thinking, Maybe we should take another look at Ted Kennedy.Al Gore says the race is a battle between good and evil. Thank you, Superman.President Clinton doesnt care. Hes down in DC, now having sex with the door open.George W. Bush is not president of the United States. Al W. Gore is not president of the United States. What do you say we just leave it that way?Earlier today down in Austin, George W. Bush held a press conference and demanded a refill.George W. Bush, very nervous about to whole thing. He was up all night waiting for that call. Now he knows how those death row inmates feel.Al Gore, bless his heart, voted the same way he does every election. He went into the voting booth, closed the curtain and made out with Tipper.The recount is underway in Florida and the Republican Party has hired OJ to hide the ballot boxes.How about Hillary Clinton? . Theyre saying already that maybe in 2004 she might run for president. If you look at it in those terms, becoming the senator from New York is the first step in the Clintons becoming a two impeachment family.They are saying Hillary has her eyes on the Oval Office for 2004 and I am thinking, Well its too bad she didnt have her eyes on the Oval Office when Bill was nailing Monica.Its a big night for us, ladies and gentlemen. The entire balcony tonight is filled with confused Palm Beach voters.I got a call today from my mom. Shes all upset. She accidentally voted for Pat Sajak.Some Palm Beach voters were confused and they were having trouble distinguishing between Al Gore and Pat Buchanan. They also have trouble distinguishing between drive and reverse.Have you been following the recount? They say now, that the recount should be finished by Labor Day.According to the recount, George W. Bush is ahead by about only 400 or 500 votes. . I bet hes not having trouble with that fuzzy math now.Both candidates are in seclusion right now, and theyre not making any public appearances and not saying anything. So you see, some good has come of this.George W. Bush, he just dont care. . The way he looks at it, it gives him time to sober up before his victory speech.Top Ten Ways the United States Would Be Different Without10. Supreme Court justice selected by being 100th caller to Z- 100 9. Hail to the Chief only played for winner of Pillsbury Bake-off 8. Instead of going to Iowa and New Hampshire every four years, no one would go to Iowa and New Hampshire ever 7. With no presidential fitness test, kids would be even fatter and lazier 6. White House interns would be reduced to having sex with each other 5. More time on news for banter between anchor and fat weatherman 4. The position of vice president would be even more insignificant 3. Entire country would operate as inefficiently as the state of Florida 2. Only her friends, family and an occasional guy from T.G.I. Fridays would know the name Monica Lewinsky 1. 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue would be the grandest Blockbuster Video ever.If I seem a little confused tonight, please bear with me. Its the first time were using the new butterfly cue cards.Ladies and gentlemen, last night the voters of Palm Beach County accidentally voted me their favorite talk show host.Heres what Im concerned about. If they keep demanding these recounts, if they dont put an end to this recounting, if the recounting doesnt stop, heressooner or later theres going to be a winner.This recount thing is fascinating. A lot of surprises. Earlier today, they found 14 missing ballots under George Bushs band-aid.Doesnt he look like a wreck, that guy? I dont mean anything by this, but Bush looks like he could use a drink.Because President Clinton is leaving office, every night here on the Late Show were going to be doing a classic President Clinton joke. . Tonights classic Clinton joke comes to us from August 22, 1998. . President Clinton has gained a lot weight. Hes so fat, in fact, right now he cant see who hes having sex with.Top Ten Dumb Guy Ways to Solve Presidential10. Find some guy named George W. Gore. Make him President 9. Each can be president of the people who voted for them 8. Thaw out Walt Disney, let him cast the deciding vote 7. I dont care how things get solved; just dont run any special reports during Becker 6. Do what they do in other important contestsswimsuit competition 5. Form Conga line with everyone in Palm Beach (wont solve a thing, but boy are they fun) 4. Whichever news anchor can stay awake the longest gets to pick 3.You punch 2 holes, voting booth explodes 2. Let my brother Jeb decide 1. Solve it? Are you nuts? This is great!I had to go to the doctor today. You know why? I have a hanging chad.This recount thing has gone crazy. Earlier today they found two dozen more ballots in Gloria Estefans pants.They think the entire mess down in Florida may come down to the absentee ballot of Elian Gonzalez.Al Gore had a press conference yesterday. Why is he wearing a band- aid now, too?The candidates have worked out a compromise. . Heres how its goingGeorge W. Bush will be president of the red states. Al W. Gore will be president of the blue states.Because President Clinton, hes only got a couple of months left in office, right here on the Late Show were doing a Clinton classic joke. . Now, tonights Clinton classic, I told on January 30, 1998: President Clinton over the weekend went to see the motion picture Titanic. You know Clinton and the Titanic have a great deal in common. Yeah. 1,200 people also went down on him.I dont understand the process by which people place their absentee ballots. It takes forever to count these things. Its a very, very slow process. Earlier today seven absentee ballots came in for Dukakis.But as this goes on, as long as this continues, the eyes of the world are on Florida and the recount. The eyes of the world now keenly trained on Florida. You know what that means? It means right now Clinton is getting laid.I think Ive been watching the television coverage a little too long. Ive developed a crush on that Bush spokeswoman.Bush is very confident. . Today he named three more appointees to his imaginary cabinet.Every night here on the Late Show were doing a classic Clinton joke. . We first did tonights classic Clinton joke on June 2, 1998: Hillary is in Egypt today and took a ride on a camel, which is a coincidence because her husband, Bill Clinton, is also between humps.How many of you folks are confused Floridians who walked in here by mistake?All week long, because of this election screw-up down there in Palm Beach, the citizens of Palm Beach County have been asking themselves the same question over and over and over again, What would Matlock do?I think, if we have learned one thing collectively as a nation, as a great nation, as a republic, if we have learned one thing, I believe it would be this. Please, ladies and gentlemen, next time, lets get back to a low voter turnout, all right?Last night, Al W. Gores on television and he offers George Bush a compromise position, and George Bush was so stunned, he called an emergency meeting of his imaginary cabinet.George W. Bush, very busy, though. Very busy. Today he announced that his weird-looking attorney general would be Karen Hughes.Hes quite a practical joker, this George W. Bush. To break the tension...he goes down to death row there, and hes getting ready to administer a lethal injection. Instead, he gives the guy a flu shot.Al Gore is starting to see the handwriting on the wall. All day long, hes been practicing his Nixon helicopter wave.Every night here, until President Clinton leaves office, were doing a classic Clinton joke. This Clinton classic joke, we originally told this on June 2, 1998: Earlier today, President Clinton banged his head on a door in the White House, and I believe its the first thing that hes banged there that didnt hire a powerful attorney.Ladies and gentlemen, please hold your applause until the overseas ballots come in.The Republicans are upset. Theyre saying now that the ballots are being over-handled. Thats what theyre saying, the ballots are being overhandled. Its the same complaint they had about the White House interns.Ill tell you one thing, though, everybody has got election fever. Even President Clinton has a little dose of election fever. Earlier today, he called for a hand count in his pants.But the Democrats have this strategy, though. You know, the Secretary of State down there in Florida, Katherine Harris, heres what theyre going to do. The Democrats are sending Clinton down to Florida to hit on her.Im getting to like Katherine Harris. I like watching her whenever shes on. I keep thinking shes going to say, Would you care for a hot towel before landing?Dont kid yourself. Were making fun of her. Shes a very strong woman. As a matter of fact, her hair was the only thing left standing after Hurricane Andrew.Tonights Clinton classic was first told here on the show July . Do you know what you were doing July 22, 1999? Huh, do you remember? Okay, well heres the Clinton Classic first told right here July 22 of 99. President Clinton said that hes all excited and ready to become Joe Citizen after he leaves office, and I thought, well, thats odd because until now, hes been Joe Blow.Its very cold here in New York. Its so cold that up in Chappaqua, the Clintons actually got in the same bed.A word of adviceIf you are stabbed and the blade does not go all the way through, that is dimpled and does not count.Are you following the recount down in Florida? Today they found 800 more ballots in Katherine Harris hair.There are now a thousand lawyers down in Florida. Its like Spring break for shysters.They say this whole thing down in Florida could come down the absentee ballot of Darrell Strawberry.Here is tonights classic Clinton joke. This was originally told on October 7. 1999: Hillary Clinton is traveling in Italy. Thats right, Hillary is in Florence and Bill is in Rhonda.I hate talking about people when theyre not here, but Friday nights audience.Whoa! Rough, rough, ugly crowd. When they left the show, right after the show, they went to the Broward County canvassing board and caused all kind of trouble, just tore the place up.How many of you saw George W. Bush last night on television after they certified? George was unveiling his new presidential deer-in-the- headlights look.George said that the outcome is clear. Yeah, its about as clear as a Robert Downey, Jr. urine test.And then George W. said that hes putting vice presidential hopeful Dick Cheney -- hes going to put Dick Cheney in charge of the transition. Oh, yeah, lets put this guy under a little more pressure.And today, George W. began his transition from beer to scotch.Last night was a big night for Florida Secretary of State, Katherine Harris. Did you see her? She even wore her lucky Dalmatian coat.Katherine Harris is in the middle of her 15 minutes of fame. . Heres stage one of the 15 minutes of fame. Public ridicule, thats stage one. Number two is the beauty makeover. Thats stage two.Posing naked in Playboy. Thats stage three.Becoming Mrs. Larry King.Tonights Clinton classic was originally told on this show September 15, 1998, over two years ago. President Clinton has hired two spiritual advisors to meet and pray with him during his impeachment trial. Oh, great, thats just what Clinton needs, more people kneeling in the Oval Office.These Florida ballot counters have been counting the ballots over and over and over and over again, and you know how they do it? They hold them up to the sun. Well, whats happened now. All of them, have been.disabled because their faces are covered with hundreds of these burned- chad markings.Everybody is starting to lose patience with this election.  As a matter of fact, Yankee great Yogi Berra earlier today called Al Gore and said, Its over!I thought this showed some progress. Today, the two candidates -- George W. Bush and Al W. Gore...agreed to a fourth and decisive debate.Al Gore, bless his heart, is desperately trying to keep people interested in this, and tomorrow, I believe, hes going to seal himself in a six ton block of ice.George W. Bush has hired a new legal team. Well, thatll speed things up.They had Cheney call Bill Clinton to see about the transition, and the transition people said, Were not giving Bush the keys to the transition room at the White House. And I was thinking, you know, its probably not the first time somebody has refused to give Bush the keys.This is a Clinton classic joke. I originally told this joke February, 1999: The Republicans want Monica Lewinsky to testify in front of the Senate so they will have the opportunity to look her right in the eye. And was thinking to myself, well, hell, even Clinton hasnt done that.I had a fun day today. You know what I did? I went to see that brand new movie, a little matinee. I slipped away and went to see it, Rugrats in Broward County.Coming back from the movie, I went through Central Park, and I saw one of those scenes you only see in New York City. Im coming through the park, and I saw a squirrel hand-counting his nuts.Earlier tonight on the Larry King show Dick Cheney was the guest. And of course, Larry King has had multiple heart attacks, and Dick Cheney has had four heart attacks, so you had two guys on the Larry King show talking for an hour about clogged arteries, and they still got a younger audience than we get here at CBS.George W. Bush has a new team of lawyers. Theyre pretty good. Theyre the team, I believe, that handled his last drunk driving arrest, so theyre first rate.The good news is the White House is giving George W. Bush intelligence briefings. Some of these jokes actually write themselves.I feel bad for George W. because hes talking like he wants to be the president, but when you see him, you can tell he really doesnt want to be the president. And as a result, George W. is getting no respect whatsoever. Earlier today, and all day today, he was waiting outside the White House gates for the cable guy.And now, President Clinton has said what he would like to do when his term of office is finished in a couple of years. . He would like to be the mayor of New York City. Thats great. That means we get back the strip joints and the hookers.Its our Clinton classic joke of the night, and tonights joke was originally told February 10, 1999. . The impeachment trial continues in the Senate. Each senator gets 15 minutes on the floor. Its the same deal President Clinton has with the interns.Im glad you folks are here because, quite honestly, last night the audience -- really a rough crowd. Three of my jokes were reversed. And then they went to go scream outside the Supreme Court.George W. Bush, God bless him, he aint paying attention to this at all. Yesterday, he goes to the gym. Hes less interested in this than I am.Dick Cheney is very busy. Hes taking things very seriously. As a matter of fact, until this is resolved Dick Cheney has rescheduled all of his heart attacks.Has anybody seen Al Gore lately? I mean the guy has turned into a balloon. Honest to God, hes getting huge. Like a month ago he was fine, it was, Theres Al Gore. And now its, Who are those guys? Oh, I see, its the Vice President.Al Gore got on the scales this morning and demanded a recount.Tonights Clinton classic joke we originally told on the show December 20, 1999. . President Clinton sprained his back today, but dont worry about him. Right now hes in the West Wing of the White House packed in hot interns.I want to take a second here to thank the members of the Supreme Court. You folks really cleared up that mess.By the way, Florida, do us a favor. Stay out of the next election.For the last month there have been like 10,000 attorneys down there in Florida. And what a nightmare today for American Airlines. All those lawyers trying to book seats in Shyster Class.But life goes on. By noon today, James Baker was back on the first tee of his restricted country club.Thank God this thing is over. You know Tim Russert, over there at NBC with the pad and the grease pencil? Hes running out of things to do with the grease pencil, and last night, it was00, he drew kind of an amusing caricature of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.George W. Bush is very excited. Hes already working on his first foreign policy blunder.Hes been very busy writing his inauguration speech. . And I understand its lengthy. . Insiders say its about 12 cocktail napkins long.Tonights Clinton Classic joke was originally told August 7, 2000. . Al Gore has selected Senator Joe Lieberman to be his running mate. Lieberman would be the first Jewish person to serve directly under a president since, well...since Monica.George W. Bush, our president, is Time magazines Man of the Year. Al Gore, when he heard about this, demanded a recount.You buy Time magazine, and you see George W. Bush on the cover with his Man of the Year caught-in-the-headlights look.George W. Bush, though -- all kidding aside -- he had a pretty busy day. He met with congressional leaders. He stopped by the White House, took a look around there. He went to see, Dude, wheres my car?You got to give him credit. Hes selecting cabinet members now, and hes really reaching out. His new attorney general is Della Reese.So far in the cabinet, George W. Bush has selected two women. Two important positions -- hes selected two women for those positions.  But to be fair, nobody has put women in more positions, I think, than President Clinton.Are you ready for tonights Clinton Classic? Originally told December 28, 1999. . President Clinton gave Al Gore a Big Mouth Billy Bass for Christmas. Coincidentally, thats what Bills been using since Monica left.(Tuesdays taping was broadcast to US service members in Tuzla, Bosnia.) Heres the makeup of the folks85% male, 15% female. Thats also how they described Janet Reno.We had a great election, and I dont know if you folks in Bosnia, I dont know if you heard about the election. We have a new president, and it went very smoothly.Tuzla, Bosnia-Herzegovina. Now, it must be very confidence-building to know that the new president not only could not find this place, but cannot pronounce it, as well.George W. Bush was down in Washington earlier today meeting with President Clinton. It was very, very touching, very moving. Clinton turned over the keys to the interns.Everybody here is all caught up in the holiday festivities, even President Clinton. He was decorating the office. Earlier today, he was hanging the mistletoe under his desk.This is the shortest day of the year. . Today is so short, today down in Washington, DC President Clinton only had time to squeeze in six interns.We are now in the final month of the Clinton Administration. I havent felt this way since Giuliani closed down all the sex shops.Tonights Clinton Classic joke (was) originally told on this program Sept. 23, 1998. . Here is tonights ClintonDemocrats are accusing Republicans of putting words into Monica Lewinskys mouth. Well, so what? Everything else has been in there.Both houses of Congress have proclaimed George W. Bush the President-elect of the United States. I want to tell you, the longer this thing goes on, it looks more and more like he just could win this thing, you know?Its kind of too bad. I was being considered to be the new secretary of labor, but my nomination has hit a snag. Apparently the press found out about my Filipino pool boy, Chi Chi.So George W. Bush is bringing a lot of new faces into the cabinet. His choice for secretary of Navy is Sir Francis Drake.Otherwise, George W. Bush, right now hes on his ranch in Texas, resting up from his vacation in Florida.Its official now. Hillary Clinton is the junior senator from the great state of New York. Hillary Clinton is now our junior senator. When they swore her in, she used the Clinton family bible -- you know, the one with only seven commandments.And President Clinton.its like a week and change, and the guys done. Hes out after eight years. So its going to be hard. You know, we make a lot of fun at President Clintons expense, but...this transition is going to be tough for this guy because, think about it. It will be like 25 years since this guy has gotten laid in the private sector.Tonights Clinton Classic Joke was originally told on this program September 29, 1999. . President Clinton had his annual physical earlier today. Hes overweight and has a sore throat. Well, hell, he could be his own intern.Boy, is my face red. Earlier today I found out that for the last two years I have had an illegal Guatemalan woman living in my house.And then, to make things even worse, this morning I hired another illegal alien. I took a cab.You know, Linda Chavez, she was going to be the Secretary of Labor, and then it turned out she had a platoon of illegal citizens living with her, and she wasnt really paying them. They would do chores for her, and then periodically she would give them money. . So now shes withdrawn, and she decided to withdraw her supposed nomination after- - early this morning-- a pre-dawn raid by Janet Reno.The Bush people are having a lot of problems with this. Theyre having an awful lot of problems. And these reporters -- you know, nothing gets by a reporter -- they found out that Katherine Harris actually smuggled three illegal Guatemalan aliens in her hair.Dick Cheney was on alert. As a matter of fact, hes taking this matter so seriously that tomorrow00 pm, he has scheduled a heart attack.I dont want to give the wrong impression. I want to have a balanced view of this. It turns out also that President Clinton, while he was in office, at one point nailed a Guatemalan intern.President Clintons got, like, ten days left in the White House after a two- term, eight-year administration.and hes getting to be a little melancholy, and hes leaving behind in the White House a lot of memories, or, as we call it, evidence.This Clinton Classic Joke originally told right here on the Late Show, August 7, 1998. . President Clintons approval rating is still very high. Heres how it breaks down. 63% of Americans approve of the job Clinton is doing. 64% of the Americans approve of the job Clinton is getting.Ladies and gentlemen, youre here on a magic night. The entire balcony is filled with undocumented nannies.I just want to say one thing, Pepi was not my gardener. Do you understand? Pepi was just a house guest and occasionally he would do yard work for spare change, but he was not...he didnt work for me!Linda Chavez, ladies and gentlemen, will not be our secretary of labor, no. She has withdrawn the nomination. . Heres the reason -- she said that suddenly she found herself bogged down with an incredible amount of housework.George Bush and his buddies are putting together the inaugural coming up in, oh gosh, I guess a couple of weeks. And you know whos going to be the headliner at the Bush inauguration? Ricky Martin. What a coincidence, he was a houseguest of Linda Chavez for two years.Its going to be an all-Latin bill for the inauguration. Youre going to have Ricky Martin. Youre going to have Gloria Estefan. Youre going to have Elian Gonzalez. What a night, what a night!Tonights Clinton Classic originally told February 9, 1998. . Heres tonights Clinton Classic Joke. Yesterday in Brentwood, California, Monica Lewinsky had a car accident. Now, when word got back to President Clinton that she had been rear-ended, he issued a denial.How do you think President Bush is doing so far? Well, dont worry, theyre still counting votes.President Bush is giving everybody nicknames. Hes one of those guys. . For example John Ashcroft. The nickname for him according toNipseyPresident Clinton is here in New York City. . Hes got an office.on the 56th floor of this office building right here in midtown Manhattan. He took the entire floor. The great thing is, he can furnish it with stuff he stole from the White House.He brought hisAl Gore.I like President Clinton because he fits right in. On Monday he went to a college basketball game at Madison Square Garden. And Im thinking, Well, that makes a lot of sense because.President Clinton has always had a lot of cheerleader in him. Wait a minute. I think its the other way around.President Clinton has got an office like a couple of blocks from where we are. . Its a great location. Its right between a Wendys and a Hooters.I walked by the building and I went in the lobby and theres a sign in the lobby.that says All wives must be announced.Its a brand new building right there on 57th Street. Have you seen it? Hump Tower?President Clintons office is on the 56th floor of this office building. . What a view! He can see the East River. He can see Central Park. He can see the Hudson River. He can see Hillary coming.Down in Washington, Vice President Dick Cheney saw his shadow. It startled him, and he had a mild heart attack.How do you think George W. Bush is doing as our President? What do you think about George W.? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Okay, all right. All right, theyre still counting ballots, so this things not over. By no stretch of the imagination is this a done deal.Hes a gunner, aint he, that George W.? He had his first National Prayer Breakfast this morning. And it was interesting, he was there, and George W. Bush was actually, well, he was praying for more bacon, thats what he was praying for.George W. said he doesnt watch television. Of course, well, the reason for that is the Clintons stole the White House satellite dish.You know, so far, the theme of this Bush guy, hes reaching across the aisle to ask the Democrats for help. You know? Hes reaching out to the Democrats. Like Tuesday, for example, he asked Senator Lieberman to help him with his taxes.Then earlier today, he asked Ted Kennedy if hed like to join him in happy hour. And I thought, Well, at least its something.Thats what George W. Bush is doing, symbolically reaching across the aisle, you know. ... And I was thinking about this, I think the only time Clinton ever really reached across the aisle is one time when he groped a flight attendant.How about that George W. Bush? Now, I dont care whether you voted for the guy, whether you didnt vote for the guy. I dont even care if youre from Florida who you voted for, but you got to feel bad for the guy.  This is the first President in history thats had to go buying furniture from Pier One Imports.They got nothing...all gone. It turns out now that President Clinton and his wife Hillary looted the White House, and they took a bunch of 19th century antiques, including Strom Thurmond.Heres a list of the historic stuff that the Clintons swiped out of the White House. Woodrow Wilson bug zapper, gone, gone.Dont kid yourself, I mean, were laughing about it, but the Clintons took a lot of stuff when they left Washington. I drove by their house today out in Chappaqua, out in the front yard, the Lincoln Memorial.Its crazy. The thing Clinton left in Washington was Hillary.President Clinton, former President Clinton is now making his living as an after dinner speaker. You know, he goes around and he has a little speech that he prepares, and hes down in Florida right now. He went down there, and theyre paying him like $100,000 for an after dinner speech. And its for...it has something to do with junk bonds. And, you see, its a mix up. He thought it was all about junk blondes.Hes pretty smooth, this Clinton, with these after dinner speeches. He was very successful. Last night he was hilarious, Clinton was hilarious. You know, it was unbelievable. He closed up the evening, he finished his remarks, his little speech, with that hilarious routine he does, you know. You know the one Im talking about? I did not have sex with that woman.How many folks watched the coverage of the Israeli elections? I was up all night waiting for the Gaza Strip to turn blue.Ariel Sharon defeated Ehud Barak and Baraks lawyers are now demanding a recount in Miami-Dade.Many of the Israeli voters said that they, by mistake, voted for Pat Buchanan.Today Sharon got a congratulatory phone call from President Bush and Ehud Barak got a phone call from former President Bill Clinton, who said, Take the furniture.At the inauguration, everybody was saying.that President Clinton looked like he had really put on a lot of weight. . Well, it turned out he had the White House coffee maker under his coat.Drama at the White House this afternoon. They had a guy, kind of a sneaky looking guy hanging around outside the White House so the Secret Service guys get on him. And the next thing you know the guys got a gun and theres some horse play and some pushing and shoving and the gun goes off. The guy shoots himself in the foot. So the Secret Service guys put him in a headlock and drag him off to jail. Im telling you, its been a tough week for Jimmy Buffett.Man alive, what a cold weekend. It was so cold this weekend, up in Chappaqua, the Clintons were burning furniture faster than they could steal it.Because of President Clintons behavior just before he left the Oval Office, where he stole everything in the White House, and he started pardoning criminals, dangerous, awful, mean, nasty, ugly, unpleasant criminals, it looks like now the Republicans are yakking, theyre shooting their mouths off like now maybe they can impeach Clinton again. But now this time, it could be serious, because this time, you know, in the Senate they got Hillarys vote.If Clinton gets impeached again, boy, jeez, I just pray to God it doesnt hurt the Gore campaign.Ladies and gentlemen, today is Lincolns birthday, and as always in his honor, President Clinton went to a theater and took a shot at woman in a balcony. We tell that joke every year.And President Clinton, you know, he was featured in a foreign documentary, and that was nominated for an Academy Award. Are you aware of this? I believe its called Crouching Intern, Stolen Sofa.Former President Clinton had a big Valentines Day. He had flowers, chocolates, a romantic candle lit dinner for two, and then afterwards he drove home and picked up Hillary.Ladies and gentlemen, Im very excited. ThisLast nights show has apparently been pardoned by President Clinton.Got a big three-day weekend coming up. Monday is Presidents Day. Did you know that? Of course, every day is Presidents Day if you have the right intern, you know what Im saying?President Clinton, you know, is featured in that Academy Award nominated documentary. Did you hear about this? The foreign film, the foreign documentary, Crouching Intern, Stolen Sofa?So, heres what happened to George Bush. And by the way, you know, hes just not as fun as the last guy, is he?He took his first ride on Air Force One. He flew all the way to Mexico. The poor guy, youve got to feel bad for him. He had to stand on Air Force One all the way to Mexico. Long flight. He had to stand -- Clinton stole the seats.But he was down there meeting with Mexican President Vicente Fox. You know, like, two brand-new Presidents from two different countries, and theyre nothing alike. Ill tell you, they just absolutely have nothing in common. For example, Vicente Fox happens to speak fluent English.I think Presidents Day is a good time to recall past Presidents. And how I like to do it is mention what they said. For example, George Washington was famousI cannot tell a lie. Very famous for that. Abe Lincoln,All men are created equal.Oral sex is not adultery.Today is Presidents Day. Or, as Al GoreMonday. Were up against it with this Saddam Hussein guy. There is going to be trouble and it is not going away. And Ill tell you why it aint going away. This Saddam Hussein.a couple of weeks ago he was pardoned by Clinton.Over the weekend, President Clintons bother Roger was arrested for driving under the influence. And whats interesting about that is he is still not the most embarrassing member of his family.A lot of people have been getting up Clintons nose about these pardons. . So Clinton.writes an editorial in the op-ed page of the New York Times explaining his position. He is very proud of the piece. He wrote it himself on a computer he stole from the White House.Earlier tonight here in CBS, the 43rd annual Grammy Awards. . Former President Clinton watched the Grammys. He watched on the big screen TV that he stole from the White House.Have you heard about this spy deal? . Looking back, it was fairly obvious. He would meet.an operative, and hed always take them to the Russian Tea Room. And at some point during their dinner, he would invariably say this, Please, speak into the blintz.Officials down in Washington say this guy did an awful lot of damage. In fact, the only other person to sneak more stuff out of Washington was Clinton.I just woke up. Help me out here. Did the Clintons do anyting stupid lately?How many of you folks watched the Grammy Awards here on CBS last night? . (Toni Braxtons) dress was flimsier than a Clinton alibi.Hillary Rodham Clintons brother, Hugh. Remember big, fat Hugh? He now apparently took a $400,000 bribe to get a presidential pardon. And President Clinton is outraged because he felt that money ought to be his.Hugh has had to give the $400,000 bribe back. So, if you think about it, the real winnner here is the crook, because he gets the pardon and his money back.Ill give President Clinton credit on this one because when he heard about this he was outraged. . He was so crazy, he nearly fell off his stolen sofa.Remember that trouble we had with the presidential election where we went like two years without a president? Well, some people. they go in there and they get a hold of all the ballots and they count them. .  It turns out that Al Gore actually lost Florida by 140 votes. The Republicans are stunned. They can not believe that they may have actually won this election fair and square.Im no political expert. Im not pundit. But I want to tell you, based on this news we got today out of Florida, things are really starting to look bad for Al Gore.According to a government survey, more Americans over the age of 65 are still working. And thats just in the Bush Cabinet.Over the weekend.George W. Bush had his first state dinner. The invitation was B.Y.O.P. You know what that is? Bring Your Own Plates because the Clintons stole all the China.Clinton is now involved in so many scandals.nobody would notice if he sneaked in a little sex.Have you been following the adventures of Hugh Rodham Clinton? He says that he does not have all of the $400,000 in bribe money.  Have you seen this guy? He spent most of it at the Olive Garden.Hugh Rodham. This guy is overweight and hes unattractive and hes been mistaken twice for Linda Tripp.Before we begin, listen -- hey, hey, President Clinton, stay away from my women.They had a Mardi Gras celebration down there in Philadelphia and people went nuts! . I have not seen so much looting since the Clintons left the White House.Did you folks see George W. Bushs first TV address last night to the joint session of Congress? Pretty exciting. It was so exciting that at one point, Dick Cheney sat up in his gurney.During the speech George W. Bush said he would introduce a bill.to make it illegal for CBS President Les Moonves to have lunch with dictators.Hillary Clinton was sitting there.with her fellow senators for the address and afterwards she said she didnt see anything that happened, she didnt hear anything that happened.Former President Clinton was watching George W. Bushs address -- while having sex.Its interesting. Last night George W. Bush was giving his first televised address to the joint houses of Congress. Meanwhile, up at Columbia University, Al Gore was saying, Who wants to come up here and erase the board?The New York Times was talking about Bush. They said he was poised. They said he was focused. They said he was presidential. It sounds to me like he is drinking again.You know, George W. Bush, hes a very busy guy. Hes out barnstorming the US trying to get people all excited about his tax cut package. Meanwhile, Al Gore is trying to get a Snickers bar out of a vending machine in the teachers lounge at Columbia.There is a story in the New York Times today about Bill Clinton. And a few of his friends are saying that Bill Clinton is all alone in his House in Chappaqua. Its just unbelievable. One day youre the President of the US, the next day youre sitting around the house in your robe watching Judge Judy.People describe President Clinton as being adrift, bitter, isolated. Its like I have a twin.To give you an idea of how the mighty have fallen, President Clinton cant even get a lunch with Les Moonves.So Clinton has to kind of reemerge into civilian life. And hes learning how to use an ATM machine. And I thought, great -- you know, good for him. Thats a valuable lesson because you dont want to write a check to pay for a hooker.At the 50th annual Miss USA Pageant, Miss Floridas talent, I thought, was remarkably ingenious. She looks through her bikini for Al Gore ballots.But theres some changes in the Miss USA competition this year. The winner...the winner gets $50,000 and a sleep-over in Chappaqua.Mayor Giuliani -- last week he gets dressed up with the Radio City Rockettes. . Mayor Giuliani dressed up like that was so unattractive, I understand Clinton was hitting on him.Celebrity birthday today, ladies and gentlemen. Today is the 75th birthday of Chinas Jiang Zemin. The dictator celebrated by having lunch with CBS President Les Moonves.Over the weekend Dick Cheney had another heart thing. . They dont call them heart attacks. They call them episodes. Over the weekend Dick Cheney had another episode. This guy has had more episodes than The Bette Midler Show.Today George W. Bush went to Florida. It is the first time he went there since the election. . He thanked all of the Florida voters for being so stupid.Former President Bill Clinton is taking a trip to Europe. He flew commercial. . Itone minute youre the leader of the free world, the next minute youre in business class watching Dude, Wheres My Car.Now that Clinton is no longer in office hes got to think up stuff to do . So heres what hes decided hes going to do. Down there in Arkansas, hes going to build a Camp David-style retreat. Hes going to furnish it with all the stuff he stole from the real Camp David.A newspaper in Florida got a hold of the (presidential) ballots and recounted them. According to their information, Al Gore actually won the election in Florida, according to the recount. Al Gore could not be reached for comment. He was in the teachers lounge at Columbia University, mimeographing Fridays pop quiz.George W. Bush has had an active first hundred days in the White House. Now there is a dress code in the White House. Even Dick Cheney has to wear a tie with his hospital gown.You remember President Clinton, of course. . What he has been doing now, other than selling pardons.is speaking engagements. Like if you have a church group or a civic group or a school group or something like that, and you want President Clinton to come and speak, its a quarter of a million dollars. And you know, money well spent.So now (Clinton) has to go to Europe. He has a gig in Holland and for the first time in the guys life he is flying commercial. . This trip did not go well. About three hours into the flight, during the meal service, his intern kept hitting her head on the tray table.Hillary Clinton has got herself an office building here in New York City. . It has a peach-colored granite facade. Just like Hillary.Well, Hillary Clintons got a brand-new office. Did you know that senators had big offices here? I had no idea. Over on the East Side, shes got a huge office building. The rent for this office space -- $500, 000 a year. Thats the rent. I wonder if thats tax dollar money?Bill Clinton has an office -- $500,000 a year rent. Yeah. Meanwhile, Al Gores operating out of a Kinkos up on 96th Street, so.Its so nice up in Chappaqua, the Clintons put out the lawn furniture that they stole from the White House. So...spring is here.Theres a study, and the study indicates that New York City is now a classier, more prestigious place to live. Thats right, they use those words. New York City...classier, more prestigious place. Of course, you know, the study was done before the Clintons moved in.Mayor Giuliani, heres what this guys doing. Its like hes running for reelection, but.he cant run no more. Hes done when hes done. But heres what hes doing. Hes going to get rid of all of the lap dancers in the city. Going to get rid of all of the strippers in the city. Going to get rid of all of the hookers in the city. Im telling you, New York City will be a great place to live but therell be nobody left here to enjoy it.You know what, this week is the 100th day of George Bush as President. Hes celebrating 100 days as President of the US. And I want to tell you something. I think seriously, this probably is the final nail in the coffin for the Gore campaign.People tell me now that former President Clinton is  getting tubby, that hes really putting on a lot of weight. Putting on a lot of weight, and as a result, friends are concerned about him. So they bought him one of those treadmills, one of those running machines, you know? Yeah, apparently the one in the White House was welded to the floor.Its interesting. Hes put on a lot of weight since leaving office, but he kept trim while he was in office. You know, of course, he was, well, lying his ass off.If youre on spring break, dont even think about going to Florida because Al Gore has taken all of the hotel rooms down there. Theyre still counting ballots, so youre never going to get a room. Forget it.George W. Bush, our President, is on spring break, so the country is being run from the intensive care unit by Dick Cheney at Walter Reed Army Hospital. So...you dont have to worry about that.Joe Lieberman, Senator Joe Lieberman announced that hes running for president in 2004. Thats amazing, isnt it? Joe Liebermans going to run for President in 2004, President Clinton is on his way to India, and Al Gore is holding a parent/teacher conference.But Lieberman is smart. He says that in order to get the Florida vote, hes going to change his name to Buchanan.President Clinton, because hes apparently ballooning, hes getting to be enormous -- I havent seen the guy. Have you seen him around? I havent seen him. But hes puffed up something crazy since he left office. So people said, well, you know, were concerned. Well, they sent him one of those running machines, like a treadmill. Actually, actually, they had to send him three because he gets on the treadmill and then one for a Secret Service guy on either side of him.But when he was President he kept in pretty good shape. You know, he worked out on a stationary intern.Hes gained so much weight, for the first time in his life hes concerned about getting into his own pants.The name Puffy now, since Puff Daddy is no longer Puff Daddy, the name Puffy now goes to Clinton.Big day down in Washington. The space shuttle astronauts visited the White House. It was very exciting. Of course, they met Bush and they got to shake hands with Vice President Dick Cheney. Of course they had to reach into the oxygen tent to shake his hand.Bush is very excited to meet the shuttle astronauts. And they told Bush what it looked like from outer space when Florida turned red.You know, the longer Bush is in office, and it looks like its going to be four years now, you learn stuff about him. He goes to the gym every day. He works out every day. Goes to the gym for like an hour, 90 minutes every day. And he said that the reason he works out is because its his opportunity to clear his head. Well...mission accomplished, George.April 1, Sunday, is April Fools Day. And heres what Im going to do...Im going to call Al Gore and tell him he won.In the beginning everybody loved Sen. Hillary Clinton,  and now, her approval ratings are starting to fall. Theyre just...theyre just plummeting, you know. And shes so desperate, I understand she actually told Bill it was okay to start dating again.Slobodan Milosevic has been arrested, ladies and gentlemen. He had to cancel his lunch with CBS President Les Moonves.President Clinton, former President Clinton, of course, remembered Daylight Savings Time. Sunday morning at00 AM, he moved an interns hand forward.John McCain and Russ Feingold have gotten their campaign reform bill passed by the Senate. Huh? Russ Feingold, isnt he the sports guy on Channel Nine?President Bush got his hands full, because this spy plane thing in China has really soured relations between the US and China. Well, sour, yes, but also sweet at the same time.There was a story in a newspaper today saying that had there been a hand count of all the votes in Florida, had there been a hand count of all the votes in Florida, George W. Bush wouldve won. And I read that and I said to myself, Now, things are really starting to look bad for Al Gore.Yesterday Vice President Dick Cheney cast the deciding vote in the George W. Bush tax plan thing in the Senate, you know? Cast the deciding vote and then they took him right back to intensive care.So now the Chinese have the spy plane, and George Bush is playing hardball with them. He said not only does he want the spy plane returned, he also wants it dry cleaned.The stock market has gone crazy. Have you been following the stock market? . I want to tell you, the stock market has been hammered more than a Clinton intern.Yesterday, Vice President Al Gore -- how many of you remember Vice President Al Gore? Well, he teaches this course in journalism up at Columbia University and he invited me to go up, take the class with him yesterday. So I went up there, and it was kind of fun. The first half hour we took questions from the students. And then the rest of the class, we counted ballots from Florida.And I have to sit there with Al Gore in the cafeteria for an hour, while he tells me how he wouldve handled this whole China situation. You know this China thing with the spy plane and all of that stuff, and the tension, the mounting international tension and the diplomacy? I dont trust this George Bush, because he looked at China on the map and saw that it was red; thought it was one of those states that had voted Republican, so...Dont kid yourselves. Flying a plane over China is extremely dangerous because of all of that advanced missile technology, you know, that they have stolen from us.Former President Bill Clinton is in India. . and a couple of days ago they had him riding... put a turban on him, had a turban on the guy. And they had him riding an elephant. Bill Clinton riding an elephant in India, India. Its the biggest thing hes ridden since...well, I guess since.. .Hillary Clinton, theyre really getting under her skin about this. And she says she is not running for president. She said she is never running for president. She said she is never, ever, ever running for president. You know what that means, ladies and gentlemen? You know what that means? That means shes running for President.President George W. Bush has gone nuts. He wants the Chinese to apologize for everything. And today he says he wants the Chinese to apologize for fortune cookies where the fortune cookie really isnt that specific, you know?Colin Powell told George W. Bush, he said, What we have here, W, is a Mexican standoff, and Bush flew to Acapulco.Bush wants China to return the spy plane. Good luck, you know, the White House cant even get Clinton to return the sofa that he stole, you know.Earlier tonight on Fox, this is great, the seventh annual Blockbuster video awards. . You see, this is what happens when Clinton isnt having sex with interns. We have to do jokes about the Blockbuster awards. This is what happens now that the election is over, ladies and gentlemen.Oh, this is good news. China has finally released the spy plane crew, and already... Yeah. . Theres going to be a big parade when they get back to New York City. Theyre already planning a big parade right downtown. Theyre going to come right up through the Canyon of Spies.But George W. Bush, Im telling you, this guy has no luck when it comes to China. Last night, for example, hes out having dinner at a Chinese restaurant, and they bring him the fortune cookie. He opens it up. Guess what? Its another ballot for Al Gore.The men and women of the US spy plane in China are back home now. Theyve been gone a long time -- longer than you think. They said the first thing they want to do when they get back home, they want to go shopping at the Gap and watch The Better Midler Show.They landed in Hawaii earlier today and George W. Bush is still pensive. He says.hes not going to rest until theyre on American soil.These international negotiations, this diplomacy is very tricky. The way they were able to get the release of these crewmen, George W. Bush had to make a speech using the Chinese word.that means very sorry. . Unless there is an asterisk next to it. Then, it means very spicy.Down in Washington earlier today, they had the annual Easter egg hunt. You know, where they put the Easter eggs out on the lawn and the kids come out and run around and look for the Easter eggs. And something actually fairly dramatic happened. One kid looking for Easter eggs found 800 missing Al Gore ballots.A lot of famous people are superstitious; President Clinton, former President Clinton. Hes very superstitious. On Friday the 13th, he will not have sex under a ladder.By the way, yesterday was Earth Day -- or, as George Bush refers to it, Sunday.George Bush celebrated Earth Day by drilling for natural gas in the Rockies.Al Gore...you know, this is sad because...remember Al Gore? He was the Vice President for a while. You remember him?And now hes now hes teaching school at Columbia University, and since the election has put on 40 pounds. 40 pounds! Its gotten so bad, every time he turns around his ass erases the blackboard.He got on the scales today and demanded a recount.They say that Bill Clinton, you know, former President Bill Clinton, he lives up here in Chappaqua, about 20 minutes from New York City, and they say that every night now, they see him sitting alone in a Westchester bar. Im telling you, ladies and gentlemen, its like I have a twin.Its funny, isnt it, how things change? One day youre the President of the US, and the next day youre buying a beer for the hooker at the end of the bar, you know.Now, wait a minute. Hold it. Now, wait a minute. No, Im sorry. He did that when he was President.Monday will be the 100th day of the George Bush Administration, on Monday, huh? 100 days of...well, I dont know if thats necessary. I want to tell you things now are really starting to look very, very dark for the Al Gore campaign.Former President Clinton has nothing to do, so were hearing stories now that he goes every night to this bar, and they have, like, a neighborhood bar. And its just starting to get a little strange. Last night he went in because its so warm, and he said...he asked the bartender, he said, I would like something cold. And the bartender said, Well, then go home to Hillary.Hey, you know what Monday is? Its the first 100 days of the George W. Bush Administration. First 100...hes really accomplished a lot of things in those 100 days. Lets run them down now. He nicknamed everyone in Congress. And he had Billy Crystal to the White House for dinner. So thats a lot of things in those 100 days.George W. Bush says theyre changingNo longer on air force one flights will they show movies with sex scenes in them.  I would have never thought of that, you know? They made the change because recently on a flight during Tom Cats, Dick Cheney had another heart attack.Theyre now saying that hes got nothing to do, Bill Clinton, so every night he goes to a bar there in Chappaqua. And Clinton says he really enjoys spending time in the bar because, you know, the more he drinks every woman starts to look like Paula Jones, so hes fine with that.Its Bring Your Daughter to Work Day. Most of you are bringing your daughters to work day, huh? This tradition began about 25 years ago back in Washington, DC, by a quick-thinking Ted Kennedy.And President Bush let his daughter dismantle 12 environmental regulations.Two or three times a week President Clinton goes into a bar there in Chappaqua. Hes got a stool there with the Presidential seal and everything and...a couple nights ago he pardoned a hooker.The waitresses have gotten used to saying, The former leader of the free world would like to buy you a drink.The Republicans are complaining now that Bush has put too many women in his Administration. Thats what theyre saying. You know, theyre saying that Bush has put in too many women actually in the new Administration. But to be fair, nobody has put women in more positions than Clinton.I heard about this earlier today; President George Bush is going to sell sophisticated weapons to Taiwan. Jeez, I hope this doesnt screw up our warm relationship with China.Former Vice President Al Gore, since the election, hes gained 40 pounds. Im telling you, this guy is so big, earlier today his ass was mistaken for the quad.And unlike Clinton, Al Gore is just concerned with getting into his own pants.Top 10 Responses ToHow Fat Is Al Gore?: 10.  Hes so fat, when he appears in public, the band plays Hail to the Beef. 9.  Hes so fat, the Florida election commission is recounting his chins. 8. Hes so fat, hell only take money from the Chinese if it comes with egg rolls. 7. Hes so fat, instead of apples, his students place margarine on his desk. 6. Hes so fat, the Secret Service has added one agent just to guard his ass. 5. Hes so fat, his belt gave a concession speech. 4. Hes so fat, he asked Bush if he could be ambassador to KFC. 3. Hes so fat, he had one of Dick Cheneys heart attacks. 2. Hes so fat, the Liberty Bell is now the second biggest thing with a crack. 1. Hes so fat, Clinton is thinking of hitting on him.Today George W. Bush celebrates 100 days as President of the United States. . He invited every member of Congress to have lunch with him. The problem is hes now got to remember all the nicknames hes given everyone.Bush is a slow starter compared to our last president, President Bill Clinton. . After Clintons first 100 days in office, he had already had his first White House grope.Bushs daughter was cited for underage drinking. . Police say she was confused, she was blurring words, couldnt remember the alphabet. No, wait a minute, that was her father.Hey, George W. yesterday celebrated his 100th day as President of the US. 100 days in office yesterday. By this time in President Clintons first term, he had had a couple of Oval Office gropes, but--George W. did something I thought was pretty interesting. He invited Congress to a big luncheon at the White House and only, listen to this, only a third of them showed. That seems kind of rude, doesnt it? But be fair, who really wants to watch Dick Cheney take his soup intravenously?President Bush, hes turned the White House, of course where the Rose Garden used to be, theyre drilling for natural gas.This is a nice thing. I mean, its a publicity stunt but still and all, its a nice thing. They have T-ball. You know that, for like the little boys and girls who play T-ball? T-ball is just like baseball, except theres no pitching. You know, like the Mets.After the Yankees won the World Series, Don Zimmer, bless his heart, hes in the Oval Office and he sits -- hes a little heavy. Hes a little chunky. He sits, he sits on Clintons desk and...honest to God, it collapsed and crushed three interns.Heres how theyre comparing George W. Bush to Bill Clinton. Theyre saying that George W. Bush has accomplished more in his first 100 days as president. But everyone agrees that.it was more fun under President Clinton. Unless, of course, you were actually under President Clinton.This is kind of interesting. Al Gore...Vice President Al Gore -- ring a bell? He finished up his journalism class at Columbia University. You know, all winter and spring he was teaching a class there at Columbia University. And he finished it up today. And you know what that means? That means that this -- right here, what youre watching right now -- this now is the dullest hour in Manhattan.Al Gores a nice guy, but boy, did he balloon after the election. Did you notice that? When hes out there on the campaign trail, it was like him and Tipper, you know, the all-American couple and he was looking pretty good. He looked slim, ready to go, like he could handle himself. And now, I mean, hes gained like 60 pounds, honest to God. He is so fat, earlier today, his pants conceded.The world champion New York Yankees -- do you know what the did today? They went down to the White House to meet President Bush, and it was another typical day in the Bush Administration. Dick Cheney was running everything. George Bush was getting a ball autographed by Tino Martinez.Chuck Knoblauch was in the White House. Big deal, I said to myself, hes the not first guy to drop a fly in the Oval Office.Its a pretty strong field this year, down there in Louisville (for the Kentucky Derby). Dollar Bill, Thunder Blitz, Jamaica Rum, Arctic Boy...oh, no, wait a minute. Im sorry. Those are Bushs Cabinet nicknames.It was so hot today, Bill Clinton dropped his pants without propositioning anyone.Yogi Berra and President Bush are.you know, there are similarities there. Heres the difference between President Bush and Yogi Berra. When President Bush says something that doesnt make any sense, it doesnt make any sense. Thats the difference.This weekend, because of Cinco de Mayo, President George Bush delivered the speech in English and also in Spanish. And Bush spoke very slowly, very haltingly -- and that was the English part.President Bushs favorite movie is that Billy Crystal 61*, you know, because Bush is the President with an asterisk.One of the changes that George W. Bush made at the White House, you cannot get into the Oval Office unless youre wearing a tie. That didnt used to be the case. For example, when Clinton was the President, to get into the Oval Office...all you really needed was a bib.Dick Cheney, our Vice President, he was on a program the other night talking about his health. And you know hes had half a dozen heart attacks. And hes always going back in for, you know, tune-up work and that kind of thing. And he said now that he may, in the future, have to have another procedure. And I was thinking I...you know, I miss the old White House. I miss Clinton. You remember the procedures he was getting?Former President Clinton, by the way, is in China now, pretending hes still President and hes already learned a lot of Chinese. For example, dim sum, dim sum, you know what that means? Thats a Chinese word for lunch. The dim sum, that means lunch. Now, Dim Son, thats a Chinese word for President Bush.Also very good in the talent competition for the MissMiss China. She took apart a spy plane and put it back together all by herself.Top 10 Little Known Facts About10. Hes so dumb, he used to cheat off George in school. 9. Turn-ons: Long walks, romantic dinners and rigging elections for his brother. 8. Parents named him after great American Jebraham Lincoln. 7. He and his brothers get chicks by going to bars and saying that theyre the Baldwins. 6. Was the one who told Katherine Harris, Dont be stingy with the mascara. 5. Can outwrestle every member of Bush family except Barbara. 4. He was the last man to see Eisenhower alive. 3. Did have a relationship with Miss June back in 1968, but she wasnt present. 2. Even if he has a hundred more scandals, George W. will still be the embarrassing one in the family. 1. Has bumper sticker that reads Dont blame me - I voted for Gore.Were getting the results of the latest census and it proves now, statistically, more Americans are living in non-traditional households than ever before. And thats just in Gracie Mansion.I didnt realize this, but in New York City, the Mayors mistress can only serve one two-year term.Its been in all the papers. The Governor of Florida, Jeb Bush, brother of George W. Bush.now, theres rumors that he allegedly had an affair with a member of his staff whos a former Playboy playmate. And Jeb Bush, the Governor says, It is absolutely not true. So you know, of course, that it is true.Having an affair, so apparently hes been handling more things than the ballots.Its been so dry, today President Clinton was chafed by an intern.An 18-year-old high school student wrote former President Clinton a letter asking him to deliver the commencement address at her high school. Well, actually it wasnt just a letter, it was a couple of polaroids that went along with it, but...President Clinton has lost 20 pounds since he was in office. Pretty good, isnt it? 20 pounds. Hes dropped 20 pounds. He said he knew he was overweight. He said he knew he needed to go on a diet because the last trip he took, he couldnt get into the lavatory with a flight attendant.Clinton is thrilled that hes lost all this weight, because finally now, hes able to get into his own pants.You know, toward the end of his term in office, former President Clinton started to puff up. He ballooned, he got heavy. He was fat, really. And since then...since hes been out of office, hes dropped 20 pounds. Hes dropped 20 pounds. Pretty good for him, and he does it with a strictEvery day he works out for an hour on a stationary intern.Yesterday, up in New Haven, President Bush gave the commencement address and they gave him an honorary law degree. So that means now hes an honorary ... hes an honorary lawyer, you know, just like hes an honorary President.Monica Lewinsky wants her stained dress back. Apparently, all of her other stained dresses are too tight.And then Clinton, President Clinton gets into it, and hes trying to do, you know, trying to do the gentlemanly thing and he said, Look, if you cant get your stained dress back, this is Clinton talking, he says, Ill make you a new one.Top Ten Pieces of Advice George W. Bush Gave to10. You cant expect to function on less than 16 hours of sleep per night. 9. If you dont know a foreign leaders name, call him Pierre. 8.  If youre not making more than your professors two years from now, youre doing something wrong. 7. The Internet is a great place to find speeches you can pass off as your own. 6. Drinking and partying all the time will jeopardize your future. Just kidding! 5. Ive always wanted toNow batting for the Rangers, #3, Alex Rodriguez! 4. If youre a male cheerleader, destroy all photographs of yourself. 3. Do any of you want to be president? Im already sick of it. 2. Dont challenge my mom Barbara to a fistfight. Shell kick your ass. 1. Move to Mexico, because Im gonna run this country into the ground.Yesterday, down in Washington, the Dalai Lama visited President George Bush at the White House. And it was a nice day. The Dalai Lama actually brought his son along, Dalai W. Lama.It was a long afternoon for the Dalai Lama. He had to sit through a T- ball double header.Senator Jim Jeffords from Vermont announced, I guess late yesterday, hes changing parties, no longer going to be a Republican; thinking maybe hell be an independent. So hes changing parties. But you know, its not unusual for senators to change parties. For example, last night, Ted Kennedy went from a party at Bennigans to a party at Houlihans. So it happens.This Senator Jeffords says the reason hes leaving the Republican Party, hes just fed up with George Bush and the tax cut, and hes also fed up with his environmental policies, but the big reason he said, the Democrats offered to let him get in on some of that hot intern action.Earlier today, Anne Heche held a press conference to announce that shes leaving the lesbians to become an independent.You know, Vermont Senator Jim Jeffords is leaving the Republican Party to become an independent. And this...this, I want to tell you something. This is bad news for George Bush and the Republicans. And this guy knew it, and he didnt see it coming and hes desperate now. And at the last minute, he tried everything he could to keep this guy from defecting. He even offered to make him Commissioner of Tee-ball.Senator Jeffords switching parties is kind of like me coming from NBC to CBS, except in this case, it might work.Bush said that he is not worried about the Republicans having less votes in the Senate. And why...why should he? Having less votes never stopped him before, did it?Today, Mayor Giuliani fired his wife as official hostess at Gracie Mansion. Fired his wife. When President Clinton heard about that, he said, You can do that?President Clinton, by the way, is in Ireland. You know, hes traveling around the world. Hes in Ireland right now and hes very excited because, I understand he flew in on Aer Lingus and...Top Ten Signs Your Senator Has10. Only voting he does is on MTVs Total Request Live. 9. Claims to be senator from the Great State of Margaritaville. 8. During Debates, speaks only through a hand puppet made of his hairpiece. 7. Instead of voting yea or nay, only voted nyay. 6. Publicly fights with wife about his mistress (Oh, Im sorry, thats a sign your mayor has lost it). 5. Supports dress down Fridays by showing up to work naked. 4. Describes George W. Bush as the greatest President in the history of the United States of America. 3. Only interested in capturing the Monkey Man vote. 2. During TV interviews, says(A clip of Sen. Joseph Lieberman was shown) Im going to raise your taxes so I can buy myself a sweet Camaro. 1. Asks the floor to recognize the junior Senator in his pants.We have a very exciting program for you tonight. The entire balcony is filled with former members of the Republican Party.Yesterday the Republicans had a defection. Jim Jeffords from Vermont is leaving the Republican Party to become an independent. And this kind of thing really, real, really upset George W. Bush and the rest of the Republicans. And they tried, when they got wind of this thing, when they heard it was happening, they tried, they did everything. They even arranged for him to have dinner with Robert Blake. That didnt work.New York City, Memorial Day weekend, it is empty. It is so empty. Its as empty as the expression on George Bushs face during a foreign policy question.Former President Clinton is in Ireland, and I understand today that he actually kissed the Blarney Stone. President Clinton kissed the Blarney Stone. And I thought, Well, thats a switch, Clinton hanging upside down to kiss something.Yesterday, down in Washington, DC, they had their second T-ball game on the White House lawn, the T-ball game, second T-ball game. Quite an accomplishment for the Administration, I think.I think the last T-ball President was Herbert Hoover.Things were going great until the seventh inning, when they had to cut off beer sales to the Bush twins.President Bush spent the weekend with his daughters, Jenna and Barbara -- or as theyre better known, J & B.You know, one of his daughters -- well, underage daughters -- was caught trying to buy liquor with a fake ID. It was a complete mix-up. She was just buying it for he dad. Thats all.The Bush girls have been in so much trouble that today they announced that they were switching their party affiliation to the Kennedy family.George W. Bush yesterday gave a pro-environment speech down in the Florida Everglades. . One embarrassing moment duringA bunch of old Al Gore ballots floated by.George Bush referred to the Florida Everglades as a beautiful piece of heaven. You know what that means? Theyre getting ready to drill.I, myself, am an environmentalist. Most of these jokes are recycled.While George W. Bush was in Florida, he help build a house in Tampa. And I thought, well, this is good. Its nice to see a President hammering something that wont get him impeached.Let me see if I have this straight. Mayor Giuliani would like to get a divorce from his wife, so he can marry his girlfriend before he leaves office. President Clinton heard this and he said, You can do that?So now, Trent Lott went from the Majority Leader to the Minority Leader, and Tom Daschle went from being Minority Leader to Majority Leader. It was all very easy, smooth transition. All they had to do was switch hairpieces.And George W. Bush is nervous. And so to ease tension with the Democrats, hes inviting them to dinner at the White House. And Im thinking, Boy, I sure miss the Clinton White House, you know. Remember how he used to ease tension?Global warming is getting worse and global warming experts -- listen to how bad its goingBy the year 2010 -- this is what the global warming experts say -- the global warming will be so bad there will not be enough party ice for the Bush twins.Theres a magazine article that says that since the election, Al Gore and Bill Clinton have not spoken. This makes perfect sense to me. I mean, honest to God, what is Clinton going to say? Hey, nice going, Al. Atta boy.Clinton, what the hell? Clinton dont care anymore. Clinton, you know, he and his wife, our Senator, moved up to...theyve got a place up there in Chappaqua, and two or three times a week they see Clinton in a bar there in Chappaqua. Honest to God. Last night he was in the bar in Chappaqua buying shots for the Bush twins.President George Bush.began a five-day European trip. Hes in Europe. Hes going to kick off the beginning of the dumb American tourist season.Bush wants things to go well while hes in Europe. Hes hoping to introduce T-ball to France.Puerto Rican Day parade is a big day for Hillary Clinton. She took time off from pretending to be Jewish so she could pretend to be Puerto Rican.The report is coming out of Washington now.I dont know if this is true, but its in the newspaper -- that Hillary wants her husband, former President Bill Clinton, to earn more money. Wants him to earn more money. I thought, Really? So now listen to this. ... So today, in front of the house up in Chappaqua, Clinton sets up a pardon stand.Yeah, Hillary wants Bill to get a job and Im thinking to myself, Well, is that smart? I mean, isnt that really what got him impeached in the first place?President George W. Bush is in Europe.hes on his fourth day of his Im in over my head tour. He was very excited when he left the United States to go to Europe. He said he was really looking forward to meeting the president of Europe.I gotta tell you, the trip so far has been an overwhelming success. Not once, not once has he gotten separated from his group.Top ten pieces of fatherly advice from George W. Bush: 10. Youre coming to me for advice? Okay, thats mistake number one. 9.Do as I saying, not as I doing did. 8.At school, sit next to one of Dick Cheneys kids and copy off them. 7.You cant go through life getting arrested and making as ass out of yourself...just kidding. 6.Watch what you eat or youll bloat up like Al Gore. 5.If you ever get in a jam, call my dad -- its always worked for me. 4.Your mother is tired of your idiotic behavior and says youre a disgrace to this family...no, wait, thats what she said about me. 3.Remember the motto ofits only a crime if you get caught. 2.Never use a fake ID to buy hooch -- thats what secret service guys are for. 1.Keep up the good work, girls -- at this rate youll be president some day.For President Bush, Fathers Day is just like the election, when you think about it. Another ugly tie.President Bush, of course, back from his European trip and he said...this is interesting. Did you hear this quote? He said when he looked into the eyes of Vladimir Putin, he could see his soul. Now wasnt this an old Clinton pickup line?I want to tell you, there is nobody with more soulful eyes than the former head of the KGB.And thats funny, because when you got that close to Yeltsin, all you got a sense of there was, well, God, his breath.There is an alligator loose in Central Park. ... Ill give you the description, if you happen to be in Central Park. ... They say it has tough, thick hide...and cold, dead eyes. And theyve named it Hillary.How many of you have seen the new blockbuster movie, Tomb Raider? ... Im telling you, you ought to go see it. Its very exciting. In the final scene, she raids a tomb and finds another 5,000 ballots for Al Gore.We have an alligator, a wild killer alligator loose in Central Park in the lake. ... I believe the last time a cold-blooded reptile showed up in New York, it ran for Senate.Its a big night for astronomy buffs. You know what Im talking about, a big night for astronomy buffs? Tonight youll be able to see, you go out into the yard, youll be able to see Mars with your naked eye. Thats right, and President Clinton plans to watch it with a naked intern.The city has hired an alligator hunter, and hes going to try to capture this cold-blooded beast and return it to its backwoods swamp. And if that works, theyre going to do the same thing with Hillary.Over the weekend, Cuban dictator Fidel Castro was giving a speech and passed out. ... You know, he gives them long, long, like ten hour speeches, and he passed out. Apparently he was listening to it, and just boom.He said that afterwards, Castro said he hasnt felt this dizzy since he had lunch with CBS President Les Moonves.I was thinking about it today. John McCain and I, I believe, have a great deal in common. John McCain was a prisoner of war for a number of years. And Ive been here at CBS for a number of years, so I think we...Now, instead of killing each other, rival mob families are suing each other. Did you know that? . In fact, the only crime family left here in New York is the Clintons.This George W. Bush...the latest poll, his popularity, approval rating, has dropped seven points . Finally, a glimmer of hope for the Al Gore campaign.Former President Clinton said during one commencement address, he said that he wished he were a kid again. And Im thinking, Well, hell, isnt that what nearly got him impeached?Of course, he wishes he was a kid again. He wasnt married to Hillary then.Its so hot, former President Clinton undid his fly just for the ventilation.And then he got into bed with Hillary just for the chills. Its times like this that Im proud Hillary Clinton is our junior Senator from the great state of New York. She is trying to put together -- now follow me on this -- she is trying to put together a bill now that will outlaw cock fighting. Finally, a politician listening to the voters. Everybody is barbecuing (for the Fourth of July). For example, down in Washington, DC, police will be grilling Gary Condit for the third time.Here in New York City today, it was hot. Wasnt it just nasty, awful? Today I was sweating more than Gary Condit.Im telling you, its been so hot on the east coast, Gary Condit is happy to be under that cloud of suspicion.Over the weekend, George W. Bush and his father George W. Bush played golf in Kennebunkport at the family vacation home. Ill tell you something, theres nothing more relaxing than 18 holes of golf at a restricted country club.Now, this is getting serious. Dick Cheney, before he was vice president, had like eight heart attacks, and now, since hes been elected, hes had, I dont know, a handful of heart attacks. So over the weekend, they had this surgical procedure, and they put a pacemaker, they implanted a pacemaker in the guy. . But the pacemaker they put in for Dick Cheney, its a brand-new cutting-edge medical development. Its called pacemaker plus. And not only -- if his heart stops -- will it restart his heart.when hes not at home, it also records all his favorite TV shows.Its interesting how times change, and as times change, things change, because you have different people at different times. For example, Cheney now has an implantable defibrillator to get his heart started.  And you know, just a couple years ago, Clinton, all he needed was an intern.Im feeling pretty good today. I was told by Washington police that I am not suspect. So Im feeling very good.Well the good news is that Rep. Gary Condit is now coopering with the authorities. Earlier today he allowed police to search his hair.Exciting day here in New York City, President George W. Bush is visiting New York City today. President George W. Bush.it is interesting, the first thing George W. wanted to do when he got to town, he says, I want to meet the guy who voted for me.Down in Washington, it was hot today; they had to replace Dick Cheneys pacemaker with an ice maker.Dick Cheney, you know, last time they installed what is called a pacemaker plus. And not only does this start his heart, whenever it stops...but it also grills burgers with less fat.They gave Cheney something called an implanted defibrillator and its used to jump start his heart. And of course, the old way they would have to roll him downhill and pop the clutch.It was hot in New York City, hot yesterday. It was so hot that George W. Bush enjoyed his frosty reception when he got here yesterday.George W. Bush in town. First he went to Ellis Island, and then he went to Saint Patricks Cathedral, and then he took in a matinee of Pootey Tang.And Dick Cheney, you know, he had that surgery. They implanted a pacemaker -- they call it the pacemaker plus -- you know, last weekend, and Monday hes back at work. Thats a pretty good gig. And its the pacemaker plus, whenever his heart stops, which apparently is every couple of days, the pacemaker plus will start his heart, not only that but it holds up to ten CDs. Thats why they call it plus.How many of you are following the Gary Condit saga? . Yesterday, Washington police searched his apartment, you know. And, you know, if you think about it, thats the photo opportunity that every politician craves, you know? Police leaving your apartment with bags of evidence.The cops searched this guys apartment and they were wearing infrared glasses to detect blood stains. And Im thinking, Geez, I thought that only happened at my House.George W. Bushs Top Ten Observations About New10. That rats big enough to wear a saddle. 9. You can get a cab from JFK to Midtown for only $250. 8. When are they going to start drilling for oil in Central Park? 7. The city seems to have solved its King Kong problem. 6. New York is the city that never sleeps and Im the President who sleeps 15 hours a night. 5. Too many Clintons. 4. Giuliani gets rid of all the strip clubs and people say Im dumb? 3. Foreign guys always buy yellow cars. 2. Theres a giant green lady with a torch! Run for your lives! 1. What a friendly town - 5 ladies in Times Square asked if Id like to have sex.How many of you know what Gracie Mansion is? Gracie Mansion? Its where the Mayor lives. Well, I guess not anymore.Usually its where the Mayor lives here in New York City, and its in big trouble, big disrepair and the paint is peeling, the wood is rotting. Im telling you, this place is falling apart faster than Gary Condits story.Have you folks been following the Gary Condit story? You know, a couple of days ago police found blood stains in his apartment, and you know what that means. In about a year, hell be in Miami playing golf.And its no laughing matter. Condit is in big trouble. Its gotten so bad, today Jim Jeffords moved his desk back to the Republican side.They had a bomb scare down at the White House. They had to evacuate part of the White House today. It turned out to be a false alarm. The ticking that they heard was coming from Dick Cheneys chest.And they had the bomb-sniffing dogs. Im telling you, the bomb-sniffing dogs, they were crawling all over the White House grounds. There havent been this many dogs at the White House since Clinton was dating. Possible Top Ten Topics"10: Top Ten things that look more ridiculous than Mike Piazzas new haircut.9. Top Ten Robert Blake tips for US Representative Gary Condit.8. Top Ten OJ Simpson tips for US Representative Gary Condit.7. Top Ten Bill Clinton tips for US Representative Gary Condit.6. Top Ten signs the Emmy people have made a horrible, horrible mistake.5. Top Ten Gary Condit campaign slogans.4. Top Ten cool things about having intestinal parasites.3. Top Ten things Keith Richards would say if he were still alive today.2. Top Ten public places Mayor Giuliani has been caught having sex.1. Top Ten ways to waste three minutes of network airtime."ThisToday it has been one full week that Dick Cheney has not had a medical procedure.Hes got the pacemaker, pacemaker-plus, so whenever his heart stops, it just kicks in, the pacemaker-plus. Phenomenal. Not only does it start it heart, but if hes not at home, it records all his favorite TV shows.Are you familiar with the PBS show The Antiques Road Show? They are doing the show in New York this week and the Clintons were in line with all of their stolen White House furniture.You folks been following the Gary Condit situation? It turns out the guy, when he would take one of his dates out to dinner, he would wear like sunglasses and different hats. And the date would not be allowed to being along I.D. Its like I have a twin!The only way you can look at this Gary Condit deal is at least its taken the heat off Robert Blake.Have you been following the Gary Condit saga? This guys a piece of work aint he? So what he does is -- he gives himself over the weekend -- he gives himself a lie detector test. And then he announces that he was telling the truth. Today, he put himself on trial and found himself not guilty.Theres a thing in the New York Times. They did this investigation. Theyre checking George W. Bush and the overseas ballots. Have you read about this thing? It turns out, like about 80% of the overseas ballots were illegal. The George W. Bush ballots from overseas. Well, finally, at last, a spark of hope for the Gore campaign.Dick Cheney gets his$186,0000. . Im telling you, he should have gotten the solar powered pacemaker.Youd have a big electric bill too, if you had to use those electric paddles eight times a day.Cheney canHe got laryngitis. And of course, thats from yelling all day, Quick, my heart pills! Quick!How many of you have been following this Gary Condit saga? Yeah, you got to admire how this guy operates. He is a one-man Supreme Court.Last weekend, he gave himself a lie detector test. Guess what? He passed.Today, today, he cross-examined himself. And then tomorrow, I dont think hes going to be able to pick himself out of a lineup. I like how Gary Condit, hes got those two-tone dress shirts, you know? Where the collar and the rest of the shirt are different colors? He looks like a closer at a Lexus dealership, doesnt he?I dont understand this -- George W. Bush is in Europe again. Wasnt he just in Europe? This is his second Im in over my head tour, thats what this is.I guess its like the G-8 conference or something, is that what it is? So he gets over there and said, Mr. President, can you name the G-8? And he said, Sure, you got Superman, you got Batman, you got Aquaman, you got Spiderman, you got the Green Lantern, you got Wonder Woman.Well, it turns out that Gary Condit has a brother, Darrell Wayne Condit, who happens to be a fugitive from justice. The guys been in and out of jail five times for armed robbery and car theft. You understand what Im saying, yeah? Even this guy is distancing himself from the congressman.This is my favorite legal strategy in a long, long time. Everybodys on this guy, you know? Come on, you got to come clean. Youre not talking to the cops. Youre lying to the cops. Whats the deal? And he says, All right, Ill give myself a lie detector test. Well, it turns out he passed.But hes not done. Turns out today he tried to beat a confession out of himself.President Bush, of course, is in Europe right now for the Group of Eight summit. Group of Eight summit. Group of Eight. I believe President Clintons record was group of three.According to reports, Al Gore is slowly easing back into public life. He shouldve tried that during the campaign.Yesterday, we found out Gary Condit has a brother whos a fugitive from justice, Darryl Wayne Condit. Oh, no, wait a minute, hes no longer a fugitive, because Gary gave his brother a lie detector test and found him innocent.Everybody is saying that Condit knows more than hes saying, you know. Well, you know the good thing with George W. Bush, you never have to worry about that.Earlier today, George W. Bush had lunch with Queen Elizabeth. Queen Elizabeth. And I was thinking, the two of them have a great deal in common. Theyre both conservative, both heads of state, and neither one of them have ever actually won an election.Youve been following the Gary Condit saga? Well, you know one of the nice things about Gary, he has a fugitive brother. Darrell Wayne Condit. Over the weekend, he was picked up at a Red Carpet Inn, and if youve ever stayed at a Red Carpet Inn, you know not much gets picked up there, you know what Im saying?Gary Condit is a piece of work, isnt he? Hes a little oily, this guy. Im telling you, hes one of those guys, when you see him on camera, you can smell his cologne through the TV.Heres what we know about Gary Condit. Apparently hes a womanizer and he has a crooked brother. This guy could be president, ladies and gentlemen.Today, Monica Lewinsky is 28 years old. Celebrity birthday. 28 years old. It just seems like yesterday she was crawling around the floor of the Oval Office.Its so hot, down in Washington, DC, today, the only breeze was from the Washington DC cops blowing the Condit investigation.It was so hot today, Gary Condit was carrying his jacket and his pants.Have you folks been following the Condit saga...the Gary Condit saga? Well, you know that in addition to being a womanizer, he has an outlaw brother. This guy could be president.Heres exciting news. President Clintons moving into his new office in Harlem. . Clinton is very excited. He has not had office sex in about seven months, so hes ready to go.Even Clinton is feeling the heat today. It was so hot, he had a slurpee, and then he went to the 7-Eleven.Good news for tourists and folks from out of town. If youre interested in this kind of thing, the hookers in Times Square...God bless them, will accept your tax rebate checks.This morning I get in my cab and they have those celebrity recorded voices telling you stuff when you get in the cab. This morning, I get in the cab and the celebrity voice was Gary Condit...reminding me not to leave any evidence behind.You remember the Florida Secretary of State, Katherine Harris? She has announced shes running for Congress, yeah. Thats right. Exactly, just what we need, another crooked Florida election.She already believes that the confused and disoriented voters will put her over the top.Shes very confident. She predicts that she will win the election by 742 votes.Ill give you an idea how hazy it was today. The visibility was so bad, President Clinton accidentally picked up his wife.The quality of the air is so bad, that today, for the first time ever, President Clinton had a burning sensation -- in his eyes.Have you been following the Gary Condit saga? . The FBI has stepped in and theyre going to take over because they felt that the Washington, DC, police were not bungling it fast enough, so the FBI said, Were going to bungle it in no time.I understand Condit is getting ready to sit down with Caribbean psychic Cleo, Miss Cleo.According to the Starr report, how did Clinton cover up his affair with Monica Lewinsky? ...  The answer were looking for was by smoking the evidence.Experts are saying Osama bin Laden has shaved his beard and is laying low, plotting his revenge. . No, wait a minute, that is what they are saying about Al Gore.But they were asking him this question, and Bush insisted that Iraq is not another Vietnam. He said no, Iraq is not another Vietnam. Well, of course not, he avoided Vietnam.