President Barack Obama has decided to send 30,000 troops to Afghanistan. ... Wasnt he against war at one point? I mean, its like everybody who gets in the White House has to send troops somewhere to end a fight. For Obama, it was either Afghanistan or Tiger Woods house, where there have been reports of a Swedish insurgent.Nine security guards who work at a nightclub owned by Jay-Z...were caught beating two men outside of a club. The police plan to file charges against the bouncers and the White House plans to hire them as security for the next state dinner.Welcome to Lopez Tonight. This is the show people watch when...theyre not sneaking into the White House.Computer technicians have found 22 million missing emails from the White House when George Bush was there. ... Thats what happens when you let kids play with a computer.I want to congratulate Washington, DC. They have legalized gay marriage. ... Republicans are upset because they believe its a sin to be in bed with anyone whos not a lobbyist.As you know, over the Christmas break, a man tried to blow up a plane bound for Detroit. The would-be terrorist was this Nigerian guy, or as Harry Reid would like to put it, a dark-skinned negro.The New York Times is saying that Fox News has signed Sarah Palin. ... Sarah Palin to be a Fox News contributor. Their slogan is fair and balanced, and now theyre going to replace the slogan with You betcha!Sarah Palin says she can see Rupert Murdoch from her front porch.Sarah Palin also said that she...cant wait to start making up the news.Former sitcom star Scott Baio...got death threats over a distasteful tweet he made regarding First Lady Michelle Obama. It took death threats to remind us that Scott Baio is still alive!Death threats for Scott Baio. Apparently, not everybody loves Chachi.So he contacted the FBI to investigate death threats. But you cant make a distasteful tweet about the First Lady, and then call a government agency. Theyre not going to take your call. Like, yeah, uh-huh, ok.President Obama made his State of the Union address tonight. For those...who didnt get a chance to see it, let me sum up what he said. Pretty much, he said, I can never do nothing in the White House! ... I thought it was going to be more fun, but everybody keeps talking about me. I hate em!The world champion Los Angeles Lakers visited the White House! ... They met President Obama this week and it was the first time a sitting president actually knew all the names of the NBA players... instead of referring to them as all those tall black buys.The New Orleans Saints are the Super Bowl champs. ... The Indianapolis Colts, theyre a great team, too, but...they didnt win. Did you see them? I mean, they thought they couldnt lose. You see them, all arrogant. ... Peyton Manning had that look on his face that Hillary Clinton had, like Im supposed to win. ... How can I not win?If I were going to recommend a doctor, this is what I would do. I would recommend whatever doctor is working on Dick Cheney because hes like Jason from Friday the 13th. He wont die. ... Five heart attacks and he still walks among us.In case you missed it, at the healthcare bill signing yesterday, Vice President Joe Biden introduced the President, then turned to him and said, This is a big fing deal. ... Joe Biden, C-SPAN shouldnt have bloopers.Every time Joe Biden is on TV, its like the White House Def Jam. You cant let Joe Biden talk.At a Tea Party rally in Nevada, Sarah Palin encouraged angry people to take back our country. From who? No one should say take our country back unless you are addressing a tribe of Native Americans.This is not a rerun. ... Even though you havent seen me for two weeks, I was not picked up by the Arizona state police, although I to fit the profile. But they cant arrest me because Im an American. ... President Barack Obama has said the Arizona law is misguided. ... Coming from a dude who has always been asked to show his birth certificate, thats mild.Last week, BP said, Were going to plug the leak that is spilling oil into the Gulf of Mexico by filling it with cement. Then next week, Were going to delay the procedure and do it two weeks later. ... They drilled. Now they have to fill it. And now theyre rescheduling. Are these dudes in oil or are they the worst dentists you have ever seen in your life?Los Angeles is boycotting Arizona over the anti-immigration law. ... Now, Arizona is like, Oh, yeah? Now, they said they will cut all the electricity that they send to Los Angeles if the boycott continues. And we get 25% of our power from Arizona, and 100% of those ugly...turquoise belt buckles and bolo ties that nobody wears.Listen. Were Los Angeles. ... We know what its like not to have electricity. Ever been to a Clippers game? ... Dudes dribbling, all depressed.Were not worried about Arizona. This is Los Angeles. ... Well make our own power, if we got to get a giant wheel and have 3,000 Latinos running to create power, like hamsters.The BP oil spill keeps gushing. Nobody knows how to stop it and everybody is out of ideas. Now, two fools to the rescue. James Cameron and Kevin Costner are getting involved. One made Titanic and the other made Waterworld, so they both know about disasters at sea.Theyre even asking ordinary citizens to submit ideas. That is like your open heart surgeon asking you for advice while hes operating on you. Do you usually bleed this much?Theyre saying now that the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could go until August. Six months leaking oil. Just like your old Chevy Nova in the driveway.We have to get the oil spill fixed and we need to put a cap on it, but BP is not making it easy. The CEO of British Petroleum...said, Theres no one that wants this thing over more than I do. Id like my life back. You know what? We ought to put a cap on that fool.Were Americans. Were conditioned to believe that somebody, somewhere, can solve any problem, either the President of the United States, the Navy SEALs, or Iron Man.Congress has given President Obama the power to turn off the Internet for four months. ... You ever been around the house with your kids? ... If the Internets down, they wig out. Theyre like crackheads.Barack Obama turns 49 today. Finally, his numbers went up.A stripper jumped out of a cake at the White House and said, Oops! Wrong president.President Obama announced he is pulling our troops out of Iraq. Good news. ... Bad news ? theyre leaving through Iran.Over the weekend, President Obama celebrated his birthday by playing basketball with...LeBron James...and a lot of other NBA stars. ... And the President started off strong. Then halfway through the game, people became disappointed with his performance.At one point, President Obama turned to LeBron James and said, Man, youre lucky. They only hate you in Cleveland.It was like a real NBA game. Once there was a blowout, they emptied the bench and put the white dude in: Joe Biden. That dude talks smack and never shuts up.Kobe Bryant was there. He played, but at the cookout afterwards, never passed the barbecue sauce.The...First Lady and her daughter, Sasha, just returned from a vacation in Spain that cost, get this, $80,000 a day. Who the hell did they go with? Diddy?Michelle said she wanted to expose her daughter to the Spanish culture. Why doesnt she do what everyone else does? Get a nanny.That fool, Levi Johnston, is running for mayor of a city in Alaska. Hes off to a good start. He cheats and cant keep a promise.During the campaign, every baby he kisses will be his.Lets go over his credentials. No political experience. He has posed nude. He has never held office. I got a job for you. Governor of California. How about that one?So last night, everyone saw the Teen Choice Awards? Levi Johnston was there, all confused. He thought it was the Teen Pregnancy Awards.The number one movie at the box office this weekend was The Expendables. Or as in Arizona, they like to call them, the Mexicans.My favorite part of the movie ? theres one scene between Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger that needed to have subtitles.This shows you how bad the California economy is. Even the Governor has to have two jobs!Arnold Schwarzenegger hasnt acted in a long time. Hasnt acted on the economy, on jobs, on education...The only thing unrealistic about the movie -- whites, Asians, and blacks hanging out together. Where do you see that? Only in the unemployment line.Former Illinois Governor...Rod Blagojevich was acquitted on 23 counts on corruption. ... He was found guilty of one count -- stealing Justin Biebers haircut.I dont think it is right. This is America and every child born here has the right to grow up and enjoy the freedoms that we all have as Americans. The freedom to live in our own homes until they are repossessed by the bank.The freedom and the right to be considered innocent until proven non-white.To vote in free elections, or for the next American Idol.To elect politicians to two terms --one in office and one in prison.To have the right to bear arms and eight children on a reality show.To grow old with dignity, or to play quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings.To enjoy...freedom of speech, until our calls get dropped by our iPhones.To live in the United States of America, the most powerful country in the world that is owned by China!There was an important demonstration yesterday. New Yorkers protested the new mosque at Ground Zero. ... Another divisive thing in America. Cant we just make it a place where all Americans feel welcome? Lets make it a food court!Last night in Las Vegas, Miss Mexico...was crowned Miss Universe! ... She is very beautiful, highly intelligent, and not allowed in Arizona.During the talent portion, she dance and sang, all while taking care of Miss USAs little brother and sister.Latinos are very excited by Miss Mexicos win. Mexicans getting kicked out of Arizona were high-fiving Mexicans sneaking in.There is a 62-mile long traffic jam in China thats been going on for 10 days. The Chinese are even beating us at traffic jams.Tonight, they had the season premiere of Dancing with the Stars. ... Bristol Palin was so good at cha cha, they wont let her in Arizona.President Obama is actually starting to lose the support of black voters. It is getting so bad, they said by the time the election rolls around, he might not even vote for himself.Its unbelievable. Even Michelle Obamas mom...pulled her aside in the White House and said, Girl, you can do better than that.This is how bad it is. Now, his daughters are asking the Secret Service to drop them off two blocks from the mall.This morning, President Obama defended his policies on national television, claiming he has created numerous new jobs for the country. ... Unfortunately, the country he is talking about is India.President Obama said if we just give his policies time, more jobs will come. You know what? In two years, there are going to be openings at the White House.Hes going to go from saying, Yes, we can, to, Yes, Im canned.There is a new report that says one in four applicants to the United States military are rejected for being overweight, or as the military calls it, Section 8 Too Much.In an interview, Laura Bush says now that George Bush is out of the White House, he should pick up his dirty socks and towels. Basically, he is doing the same thing he did as President -- making a huge mess and expecting somebody else to clean it up.A new poll came out that says that most Americans think President Obama is underperforming. ... Obama admits that the economy is in rough shape, but says the Republicans have just been sitting around watching and drinking Slurpees. That explains why the Republicans are crazy. Brain freeze!It is that time of year, when people dress up and hide who they really are. Thats right. Tomorrows Election Day.Last night, the Obamas welcomed trick-or-treaters to the White House. One kid refused to be photographed with the President, because hes running for student council.Today is All Saints Day. Tomorrow is Day of the Dead. And Wednesdays Day of the Dead Democrats.It is likely that tomorrow, Barack Obama is going to lose the House. So then hell know how a lot of other Americans feel.This weekend, former President Clinton was campaigning for an Ohio congressman when the dudes wife suddenly went into labor. Out of habit, Bill Clinton said, Thats not mine.The new election is going to lead to a huge disaster -- Arnold Schwarzenegger returning to acting.Today as Americans, we got to see democracy in action. I hope that weve all exercised our fundamental right by voting Bristol Palin off Dancing with the Stars.Of course, today is Election Day. I hope everyone voted...because I did. I am very interested in the democratic process. Also, Latinos love free stickers.There were so many propositions in California this year, it was confusing. I saw one billboard that said, Vote No on Yes.President Obama was on Ryan Seacrests radio show this morning, urging young people to vote. He was the fifth caller, so he got two tickets to see Usher on Saturday.President Obama also put out a video today on AOL. It is great that hes reaching out to old people, too.President Obama did not call the San Francisco Giants to congratulate them on winning this years World Series. But Obama did call the Texas Rangers after the World Series and said, You guys can still pull this thing out.Surprisingly, a lot of people in the Tea Party movement are in favor of the legalization of marijuana. ... That explains all the crazy stuff they said this year.Some medical marijuana dispensaries in California are selling a very potent strain of pot thats called Mel Gibson. ... I thought weed was supposed to mellow you out. Thats like naming virgin olive oil after Snooki.The Democrats lost badly in the election yesterday. Fortunately for President Obama, his healthcare plan covers a@#-kicking.There is a new Speaker of the House. His name is John Boehner. He said Republicans will work for all Americans -- white American people and very white people, and the albinos.The President called Boehner to congratulate him. Then he went upstairs to the Oval Office to update his resume on Monster.com.Here in California, Meg Whitman spent $140 million of her own money to be governor and still lost! ... To get back some of her money that she lost, she put her housekeeper up on eBay.Meg Whitman blew $140 million in one year. She definitely has a future as a rapper.It has just been announced that President Obama is going to India and China next week. Everybody is probably like, Why? To visit our money and our jobs.Hey, did anybody see Sarah Palins Alaska last night? ... Sarah Palin hunted and skinned a caribou. Dont worry. The caribou didnt suffer. It didnt have to sit and watch the show.Last night, in a big ceremony in Washington, President Obama presented Oprah Winfrey with a Kennedy Center Honor. ... Oprah was so moved, out of habit, she gave everyone the in the audience a new car.Yesterday at an auto show in Detroit, Toyota unveiled the new Prius. ... They say this model is revolutionary. The brakes work.Verizon announced that they will start selling the iPhone 4 early next month. Its only been out a year, so now, theyre going to sell it. And also, they want to let everybody know that E.T. is out on DVD.They got a brand new ad campaign. You cant hear me now? You definitely cant hear me now?Heres whats so beautiful about California. Theres a medical marijuana dispensary that is giving out free weed to everyone who donates food to a food drive. Its going great. They got all kinds of food, but a half hour later, people want the food back.In a Fox News interview, Sarah Palin said, I wont shut up, which is good, because President Obama needs a second term. Keep talking.Dick Cheney was on the Today show, and he said that he may need a new heart. ... And then, George Bush was on the next hour and asked them for a brain.Arnold Schwarzenegger...has given his first interview since leaving office. He says he does not regret being Governor of California. Yeah, he dont regret it as much as California does.The Oscar nominations have been announced ... The Kings Speech received 12 nominations, including Best Actor for Colin Firth. He plays a nervous leader who has to unite a divided nation -- wait a minute, thats Obama tonight.In his State of the Union speech, President Obama announced that he has a new way to balance our budget, bring our economy back into a surplus. You know how hes going to do that? Hes announcing hes Oprahs half brother.President Obama had a news conference in Washington today. He came out inside a giant egg.But he was all business. He came out, talked to everybody in the meeting, and he said, Who is Esperanza Spalding? Who the hell is that? Best new artist? ... Justin Bieber got robbed at the Grammys.The space shuttle, which is 27 years old, landed today for the final time in Cape Canaveral. NASAs plans for the Discovery, they said theyre going to roll back the odometer 300 million miles and try to sell it to China. That door dont work, man. You gotta get in on the other side. Took a little bit of the price because some of the tiles fell in reentry. But itll get you to the Panda Express. Dont worry about it.Barack Obama announced he is going to run for president again next year. ... He released a video on YouTube announcing his run. Joe Biden, meanwhile, released a video of himself singing Friday.They are saying that if Republicans and Democrats dont reach agreement own the budget by Friday, the government could stop working. I thought it stopped working for eight years when George Bush was president.If the government shutdown happens, there will be a dramatic slow-down in public services. The mail will take longer. Garbage wont be picked up. D.M.V., same. ... Am I in the wrong line? I have been standing here for three days.Today, President Obama invited key Republicans and Democrats to the White House to get them to try to reach an agreement by Friday. ... He says, How do I create good will? He came out and started singing, Friday, gonna shut down by Friday.It looks like our government could seriously shut down this Friday, which means to me one thing: We dont ever have to pay taxes again.If Democrats and Republicans cant reach an agreement by Friday, all non-essential Federal employees will be sent home. Now, somebody is going to have to tell Joe Biden.Yesterday, Barack Obama told Republicans and Democrats they have to work together and start acting like grown-ups. Speaker of the House John Boehner said, Obama, your mama.Barack Obama announced he is going to host his first town hall re-election meeting on Facebook. ... He is going to answer questions for an hour, and if it gets too serious, he is going to show the video of the two babies talking to each other.So the government is still open. They reached an agreement. ... Saturday morning, President Obama visited the Lincoln Memorial to show everybody that it was open. ... President Obama at the Lincoln Memorial. I am surprised that Donald Trump doesnt want to see Abraham Lincolns birth certificate.If you are watching at home, Donald Trump, this show is made in America, seen by Americans, and hosted by an American. I dont have my birth certificate. I share it with my cousin Omar.Theres a CNN poll that says that Donald Trump is in first place for the Republican nomination. You know whos happy? Barack Obama. He is like, Me and that fool? I win.But if Trump wins, it is going to be by a hair -- a long one, curled up so that it looks like a nest.Trump said he will not make an official announcement about running for president until Celebrity Apprentice is over. I never thought I would say this, but I hope that...show lasts forever.Trump is saying that Americans want to see Barack Obamas birth certificate. Im not so crazy about seeing it. What I want to see is a celebrity on Celebrity Apprentice. Even La Toya Jackson says, They want me?President Obama told reporters that he dreams of just taking a walk with his daughters and being anonymous. ... Barack Obama being anonymous. I think the Republicans have that same dream.This weekend, Donald Trump said President Obama would go down as the worst president in the history of the United States, unless we elect Donald Trump.Donald Trump took seven weeks to fire Gary Busey. Now he wants to run the United States?In a radio interview, Donald Trump said he has a great relationship with the blacks. Not anymore you dont.Ive got news for you, Donald Trump. The browns dont like you either.NBC says if Donald Trump runs for president, they will have to cancel the next season of Celebrity Apprentice. Finally, a reason to vote for Donald Trump.On The Today Show, Gary Busey said he is going to vote for Trump, or Matt Lauer, or the fat dude that is sometimes skinny that does the weather. He dont know.Last week, Donald Trump said he had a great relationship with, check this out, the blacks. Not anymore.Too bad my grandmother isnt going to run for president, because she dont like the blacks either.So now, Trump is backtracking, trying to win the black vote. You know what he is saying now? That his hair is a weave.Yesterday, Speaker of the House John Boehner announced he is canceling Congress annual Cinco de Mayo celebration. ... I propose...that we make John Boehner an honorary pi?ata.Martha Stewart is going to Washington to help Michelle Obama with her garden. That is a switch, for a family living in the White House that are people of color to have a white gardener.They should do a background check on her, because you dont want a gardener with a criminal record, do you?The Pentagon released videos, did you see the home videos of Osama bin Laden? You see that fool watching TV watching himself? Thank God there was no audio because in one of them, he was singing Friday.Whenever you get taken out by somebody, you dont want them going through your stuff, right? If you die, or go to the hospital, you dont want fools rummaging through your stuff. They found herbal Viagra in Osama bin Ladens room. Herbal, so hes looking out for his health. But he wants to be like that. Its natural, ladies. All natural. In the event that your erection lasts for more than four hours or the military comes and shoots your ***, consult a physician. Taking Viagra, dyeing his beard, Osama bin Laden was a Porsche away from being every 55-year-old dude in Hollywood.Today in El Paso, President Obama made a speech at the United States-Mexican border. Did you see it? About immigration reform? No, you guys were hiding.[Obama] said that every citizen should have a job and be able to speak English. I have to say I agree, and we should start with the deportation of the cast of the Jersey Shore.Obama said the Republicans probably want to build a moat around the border and put alligators in it to deter illegal immigration. Go ahead, in an hour they will be shoes and belts.The critics are saying Obamas speech, that he made this speech because he is trying to get the Latino vote. If he really wanted the Latino vote, he would dump Joe Biden and make Sofia Vergaga his running mate.Theres a new videogame based on the raid of Osama Bin Ladens compound, in a week. Its called Obamas Call to Duty: Half-Black Ops. And then after you shoot, the screen goes black. Hey, what happened? I want to see what happened. President Obamas approval right has gone up 60% since the bin Laden raid. You see him? He got that Kool-aid smile. You know who you havent seen? Qaddafi. Where is that fool? After this whole raid went down hes like, Im not even opening the door for the pizza dude. Slide it under the door.Sixty percent approval rating. And Obama, he feels it. You know the way he walks in. Hello, America. Who I got to put a cap in to get the other 40% percent?Some member of Congress are getting to look at the photos of Osama bin Laden. They said that they are so gruesome, even Nancy Pelosi had a facial expression.Donald Trump told Rolling Stone that it takes him an hour to do his hair every day. An hour to do that! It took the Navy SEALs 40 minutes to get rid of bin Laden. An hour?Bristol Palin. Have you seen a picture of her? She is denying that she had a chin implant. Did you see the before and after? Before like this and after? She said it was medically necessary jaw surgery. ... If there is anybody in the Palin family who should have jaw surgery, it is Sarah Palin. Wire it shut! Wire it shut! She has been kind of invisible lately. She hasnt been in the news. I think she is waiting to announce running for President until after moose season is over.President Obamas approval numbers are at 60%. The highest that they have been in two years but they change almost daily since he was elected. Lets take a look at some of the ups and some of the downs. For instance, when he won the Presidential nomination, his approval rating was sky-high. All Kool-Aid smiles.When he announced Joe Biden as his running mate, dropped 30 points. Then when he announced he could have picked Hillary Clinton, it went back up.In his diary Bin Laden said he wanted to try to recruit Latinos in America for Al Qaeda because he said that we were oppressed. He wanted to recruit Latinos. Youre not going to recruit us. Yes, were oppressed but we love America! We wouldnt be sneaking in if we didnt. When you live in a garage with 12 other people, you letter like where youre at. Latinos are not terrorists. If were going to terrorize anybody, it is going to be members of our family. Were not going to go to Afghanistan and live in a cave. You cant even get a Latino to move out of his moms house, 56 years old.So here is the latest. Al Qaeda is making death threats against President Obamas 88-year-old grandmother. They are threatening her. She lives in Kenya. That is the craziest thing Al Qaeda has ever done. Threatening a black mans grandmother. Oh, hell no! You say something about a black mans grandmother, the terror level goes from imminent to thats your ***!A Mexican immigrant was held in North Carolina for four days because the police mistook 91 pounds of tortilla dough for cocaine. Ninety-one 91 pounds of mesa. They should have just put water on it. Did you see it? Nothing. Who would mistake tortilla dough for cocaine? I think the cop was smoking cilantro.Everyone must have heard this. Arnold Schwarzenegger has fathered a child with a household staff member 10 years ago. Dont you hate it when immigrants come here and start having babies? ... Between him and her, Im going to tell you something, that kid has no chance of speaking English. Zero. Its always funnier when its somebody else, isnt it?But theres speculation, some say that Maria Shriver knew about the child for a year and she was just act, acting surprised. At least somebody in that family can act.So the United States has reached its debt limit, we cant borrow any more money. The United States is in such bad shape, now the government has to call Sell Your Gold. ... Its gotten to the point, this is how bad it is, Uncle Sam might have to go on tour with Charlie Sheen.Theres a new documentary coming out about Sarah Palin. Its called The Undefeated. You know why they call it that? Because Psycho was taken. The Undefeated. Why dont we call it Forgetting Sarah Palin? Even one better, how about 10 Things I Hate About You?Arnold Schwarzenegger ... is being investigated by the California attorney general for allegedly using state police to bring women back to his hotel with lights and siren. Get them here quickly now! Get them here now! With Arnold Schwarzenegger messing around with all these women, Im amazed he still found time to bankrupt California.This weekend Sarah Palin on her bus got stuff wrong again. Stepped in it again. Told a reporter that Paul Revere made his famous ride to warn the British. If Paul Revere were alive do you know what he would say today? The morons are coming!The Republican candidates last night held a debate in New Hampshire, where its exciting. It was Tea Party candidate Michele Bachmann and six dudes. It looked like the worst episode of The Bachelorette ever! Do I get a rose?The polls say the race for the Republican nomination is a tie between Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney, a tie. So right now its the Mormon versus the moron.Sarah Palin was in Iowa today to attend the premiere of her new documentary about her and its called The Undefeated. Undefeated. Sarah Palin, your [bleep] lost in 2008.Sarah Palin and Todd went to the premiere together. Halfway through the movie, Todd wanted to sneak out to go see Transformers III, but realized he was already sitting next to something that turns into a robot.Yesterday, Bristol Palin says she knows if her mother is running, but she cant say anything. Her mother said what is said on a fishing boat stays on a fishing boat. That sounds like Forest Gump. Think about it. You know what else they have in common? Stupid is as stupid does.Anthony Weiner, remember him? His wife, Huma, has moved out of their house. Of course, because shes a woman, of course. Of course, any wife would, right, ladies? Any wife! And he doesnt get it. He still dont get it. As she was leaving, he said, Ill text you!The space shuttle will now go into the Smithsonian but this is what I think Obama should do, since the country is broke, I think you have put it on eBay. The shuttle on eBay: Atlantis, 1981, space shuttle, rides like new. One owner. Three billion miles, must sell.America is still $14 trillion in debt. Can you feel ourselves leaking oil as a country? Listen, if this isnt resolved by next Tuesday, the government wont be able to pay its bills. Its gotten so bad, when the phone rings at the White House, Obama has his mother-in-law answer. Hes not here. No. I havent seen him. You know what, you might try Kenya.President Obama made a speech today in front of the Latino group, National Council of La Raza. ... Hes trying to lock up the Latino vote for the next year. He needs us. ... And if he loses, hes learning how to do drywall just in case. Just in case. Republican candidates were also invited to speak. They declined. You know why they declined? They were too busy building a giant wall around the entire conference. With a permit.Last night President Obama spoke to the nation, riveting, like in the old days. Yes, we can. People were inspired. They picked up the phones. The Congressional switch board lit up with calls, most of them saying, Hey, put the Bachelorette back on. I am missing Antique Road Show for that? The President spoke for 15 minutes. It was supposed to be 30, but we are so broke, they cut the lights-out on him.Hey, I got invited to the Presidents birthday party. Next Thursday, this is how broke we are. It is BYOB. No cake, nothing.President Obama welcomed the world champion San Francisco Giants to the White House yesterday. He asked them, Do you think you can repeat? The Giants asked him the same thing.Speaker of the House John Boehner told fellow Republicans, Get your asses in line and support me. Im all for Republicans getting their asses in line, as long as its the unemployment line!Democrats and Republicans were able to agree to raise the debt limit showing once again that when push comes to shove, our government can come together and decide to help out rich white people.In the new budget, they are going to cut social programs. The only people of color who came out financially ahead this weekend, the Smurfs. They didnt show them in Arizona, because they dont like brown or blue.The United States on Friday, the credit has been downsized. The United States is in a credit fall. We have gone from AAA to OMFG!Ill tell you what losing an AAA credit right means. It means our credit is somewhere between France and the Los Angeles Dodgers. If the United States had wheels, we would drive somewhere nobody could find us. Like behind Alaska.