Good news for the Clintons. ...  Kenneth Starr, you know who he is, right?  The Watergate -- Watergate!  Whitewater prosecutor.  Hes been prosecuting for three years, stepped down. Yesterday, he quit.  And hes going to come out here to be the dean of Pepperdine University, which is in Malibu.  He said his exposure to college kids there will help him develop his TV series, Subpoena, the Teenage Witch.Do you know where dozens of your congressmen were this weekend?  They were at a golf getaway paid for by the Tobacco Institute.  You see?  Thats what you get on a golf course, thats who you run into.  Tobacco lobbyists, congressmen and OJ.On the overseas front, our new Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, was in Paris yesterday.  And she planted a tree in honor of our recently departed Ambassador of France, Pamela Harriman -- although there was some controversy in that, too, because the tree she planted was a North American social climber.Interesting.  While (Albright) was over there on a European tour, she proposed a joint military force between Russia and the NATO forces.  And she said someday she dreams of a united Russian and American army that would be too drunk to harass people.You know who else won a Grammy?  Hillary Clinton won a grammy award for the book...which made into a tape, It Takes a Village. Her big-selling book.  She was passed over, though, for her book about the White House called, It Takes Visa.Yeah, theyre in trouble again with the fundraising over there at the Clinton White House.  Today, there was a memo that hit the papers, that he himself wrote, and it sounds so desperate.  He actually wrote, Please send us a check.  Please. ...  Send us a check now.  $50 today is worth more than $100 in a week. Thats what he wrote.  At the bottom he wrote, Last term in office, all influence must go.McDonalds is trying to convince its stockholders to go for what they call a burger war.  They want to really lower the prices so they can, you know, really give it to the competition.  And like, 55 cent hamburgers is what theyre talking about.  And apparently, this has already got some people thinking, because over at the White House now, a cup of coffee is down to $30,000!Some of the people who attended those Clinton coffees -- this is in the paper, Im not making this up -- were unsavory types.  Drug dealers, and one guy was a stock swindler who met with the $100,000 fat cats.  And this guy is back in jail where he apparently will meet a much better class of people.This fundraising scandal has now reached Al Gore.  Well, its true.  Gore is apparently in trouble now.  They say he had been, during the campaign, working the phones at the White House to solicit donations to the campaign.  But he was using his DNC credit card.  So that makes it okay.  And he said hes very proud of his work because he not only raised millions for the Democrats, he got 12 people to switch back to AT&T.The critics are saying Al Gore was a little strong-armed with his sales tactics.  One donor said what he told them was, Try the Democratic Party for ten days.  If you are not completely satisfied, keep the unused political access as our gift.This scandal stuff in Washington is just more perturbing by the day.  Now, Newt Gingrich, did you hear this?  Newt Gingrich said that the Democratic fundraising scandal is worse and bigger than Watergate.  And then he asked for volunteer to break the bad news to G. Gordon Liddy.The Republicans want to appoint an independent counsel.  But theres a problem because of Whitewater and Paula Jones and Filegate and Travelgate and Newt Gingrich with the scanner.  All the independent counsels are already booked, and they have to settle on a retired security guard.  Its very sad.Ill tell you now, Hillary Clinton has been involved in a fundraising scandal.  Yesterday it was Gore, now its Hillary.  Apparently her Chief of Staff was given a $50, 000 check -- fundraising right in the White House -- by Johnny Chung. And Hillary tried to put a light spin on it.  She said, Isnt it always the one thing you forget to shred?Im sure you heard yesterday, Hillary Clinton is in trouble because her chief of staff accepted a check for $50,000 at the White House.  And today, Roy Romer said if you work in the White House and you dont know how to accept an improper contribution, is it too much to ask that you walk down the hall and ask an expert? President Clinton had a press conference today to try to talk about his problems, and he flatly denied that he was more interested in fundraising and money than in governing, but I did notice it was the first-press conference that was ever on pay-per-view.And do you know where your congressmen are this weekend?  About 200 of them got on a bus today, or several buses, I guess, to go to Hershey, Pennsylvania.  They are on a retreat there -- a little get-together to try to be more civil to each other.  They are trying to learn to like each other.  Theyre going to tour the Hershey factory to see if they can get some tips on candy coating the issues.And people said, why Hershey?  Well, this was Newt Gingrichs idea.  He loves rural Pennsylvania because the Amish have no police scanners.President Clinton says that the FBI never told him that China was trying to buy influence in America.  The FBI says their agents tried to get in to see Clinton, but they couldnt afford the cover and the two-coffee minimum.Every day its something new with this fundraising scandal, and its getting really preposterous.  In fact, yesterday, you remember the press corps said to Clinton, Look, it would save us all a lot time if you just told us what wasnt for sale.Do you know whos being hurt by this the most?  Al Gore.  Clintons approval rating is way up there, but Al Gore has dropped 20 points since he got dragged into this mess.  And they say -- the scuttlebutt is that hes mad at Clinton for dragging him in, and that hes despondent, because yesterday a reporter tried to talk to him about this, and he said, Hey, I just work here.Yesterday, Ian Wilmut, who cloned the sheep Dolly in Scotland, appeared before the Senate and told them all about cloning.  And then they said to him, Youve solved one of the great riddles of mankind and science.  Could you help us figure out what the crime is in Whitewater?The Senate made the news yesterday.  Theyve been looking into these fundraising scandals. ...  They were just going to look into whats illegal.  Now theyre gonna look into whats illegal and whats improper, and theyre not just gonna look for the Democrats, theyre gonna also look at the Republicans -- both campaigns, Clinton and Dole in 96, which has the Republicans very nervous, because there is mounting evidence that Lincoln once spent a night in Doles bedroom. This has been in the papers for about a week now...apparently the Red Chinese, Communist China, has been trying to influence our elections -- and not just the presidential elections, a lot of the elections.  The Chinese say its not true.  They say its purely coincidence that, for example, Pat Buchanan kicked off his last election by driving a tank over a college student.(Two native American tribes) just got back $107,000 from the Democratic Committee, because they gave this big donation.  The Democrats had to give it back.  Its kind of a long story.  They had some land robbed from them when Ulysses Grant was President, who they called The Great White Father. So last year they went to see Bill Clinton, who they called, uh, Little Big Horny.And (the tribes are) complaining that they didnt get, really, the proper respect.  They said not only did the Democratic Committee pressure them to give a big donation, but they purposely threw litter at the chiefs feet to make him cry.The other big fundraising scandal is the big flap between the White House and the FBI.  You know theyve been calling each other liars.  And yesterday Janet Reno tried to smooth it over.  She said it was a misunderstanding, which may seem like an understatement to you.  But remember, Janet Reno called the Waco thing a house warming.They gave (President Clinton) an epidural, which numbs you from the waste down.  Which was not for the knee, just so he didnt get fresh with the nurses.Another terrible thing yesterday, Bob Dole was also in the hospital -- he cracked a smile.Its not that even being in the hospital buys the President any sympathy, because yesterday Attorney General Janet Reno got letters from the House and the Senate Republicans requesting that she appoint an independent council to look into these campaign finance shenanigans.  She also got a call from Pete Rose asking, Who cuts your hair?Anthony Lake pulled out because he said the Senators who were asking him questions were mean to him.  He said they were too mean.  They accused him of being sneaky, evasive and slippery.  And these are the last qualities you want in the head of a spy organization.Well, President Clinton still recovering from his injuries, still in wheelchair.  And yesterday -- I thought this was cute -- Bob Dole sent him a note that said, If you need someone to help you while youre recovering to run the country, give me a call. And then, you know, also in envelope, he included a $5 check for Clintons next birthday.Well, Hillary Clinton is in Africa.  Shes away for a couple of weeks.  And while shes away, Clinton has hit on a new scheme to really take advantage of his injury.  Hes going to go to Aspen for the weekend and hang out in the ski lodge and tell chicks, This happened on the slopes.Anthony Lake didnt make it.  So now the Senate is trying to make up with the people who Clinton is bringing now.  They passed Alexis Herman as the Secretary of Labor in four hours.  And she had a lot of people who spoke for her at the meetings, including Marion Barry.  Im not kidding.  Only in Washington is a convicted crack addict considered a character witness.Now, speaking of lowlifes in government, this guy takes the cake.  Wes Cooley...he was a congressman from Oregon. Yesterday, he was convicted of basically lying to the voters because he put out a pamphlet...saying basically that he had a military service record that doesnt exist.  He claimed that he served in the special forces in Korea and yesterday he said its misunderstanding.  He was a waiter and he served specials at a Korean restaurant.I know why youre happy, because everyone in the Administration is out of the country.Mrs. Clinton was in South Africa yesterday, and the native women gave her a traditional African pot, figuring she needed help in the kitchen.  They heard about her Whitewater days, when she actually tried to cook the books.Overseas, the big summit there, are you following that?  Between our President and Boris Yeltsin in Finland?  That is over.  Not much of a summit, really.  They spent about five minutes talking about NATO and the rest of the time arguing over who was entitled to the handicapped parking space.How about that moment when Cuba Gooding accepted his award?  Have you ever seen anything like that at any awards ceremony?  That was amazing.  He went completely nuts, he was emotional, gave a prolonged speech, said I love you 14 times.  And then there was an awkward moment when Bruce Willis got up and tried to give the Republican response.You all saw it on the news, George Bush dropping out of the airplane. ...  Of course, you know why he did it.  Fifty years ago, in World War II, he had to bail out of his plane, and he pledged that he would bail out again someday.  And not to be outdone, President Clinton said today that someday, he would try to bail out his jailed Whitewater partners. Apparently World War II left quite a mark on George Bush, fighting the Japanese there, because this was the second of his wartime pledges.  The first one was, of course, that he would some day throw up on the emperor.Speaking of Asia, our Vice President is in Asia.  He is in China.  He signed a big deal yesterday.  He didnt sign it, but he was there.  Theres a joint venture thats gonna happen between our General Motors and their Shanghai Automotive.  Theyre gonna produce a car together, a car, they say, that is so good that it stops on a dime and then mails it to the Democratic National Committee.I guess you heard about the big tragedy down near San Diego.  A cult -- 39 people, all suicides.  And apparently there were no survivors.  But just to be on the safe side, today Janet Reno sent in the tanks and burned the place down.The Democratic National Committee has announced that they are broke.  They said that they dont have the money to pay back for all the mistakes they made taking illegal contributions. This is terrible.  Just when they got comfortable being morally bankrupt.Speaking of things falling out of the sky, George Bush is angry.  You know what about?  Now the Clintons with their fundraising stuff. He objects to the fact that the Clintons are saying, Hey, everybody did it.  George Bush did it. George Bush said he never used the White House to solicit funds.  He said he never had a phone call, he never sat in a meeting where money was asked for.  Thats of course why Clinton kicked his ass.Now, President Clinton, of course, is still recovering from his knee problem.  He will not be able to do what presidents have done for so many years, which is throw the first pitch out on opening day.  So you know who they got?  Madeleine Albright.  No, thats true.  They wanted a man.  It was either going to be Madeleine Albright or Janet Reno.On the White House lawn...they had a big Easter Egg Roll with the kids. ...  You know what they had for the kids?  They had the...lovable dinosaurs from The Land Before Time. Which was great because they were on the White House grounds, which the aides called The Land Before Doing Time. They had the big Easter Egg Roll.  And Al Gore gave a prize to the kid who found the most eggs.  And President Clinton gave a prize to the kid who found the most earrings.Newt Gingich is still on his tour of Asia.  He has been making headlines wherever he goes in Asia.  And hes been all over.  He was in China.  He was in Japan.  Hes going to Taiwan.  And, yesterday, a reporter asked him, Are you going to Vietnam? And just out of reflex, he said, No, I have a student deferment.Well, its been a long time coming, but the B-2 bomber is finally operational. ...  Spent a lot of money on this turkey and it is finally operational.  You know what the cost?  $2 billion apiece.  But for an era $5 billion we could make it go so fast it will travel back through time to the Cold War where it wouldnt be useless.(The National Rifle Association) made big news yesterday.  They are going global, they are getting together with many people in different countries and arms manufacturers to fight the scourge of gun control for humanitarian reasons.  Because, they said, some of these countries are so backward, people still have to beat each other to death.This was reported in the New Yorker magazine, how Ted Kennedy proposed to his wife.  Now, he got married a couple of years ago.  What a romantic.  Appantly he hid the wedding ring in a bit of coral while they were scuba diving in the Caribbean.  And he said, he hoped that...a grouper fish wouldnt eat the ring before she got to it.  And he also hoped he would remember this time to bring the woman up to the surface.This fundraising scandal is just getting worse and worse and worse.  Now, it turns out that the Democratic National Committee was the one who put pressure on President Clinton to make the phone calls.  They said, If you dont make the phone calls, we dont get the money. They tried to give him an incentive though.  For every 100 fundraising calls that he made, he was allowed to make one booty call.And the interesting thing is that in the midst of all these fundraising scandals, the fundraising still goes on.  Clinton was at a fundraiser last night.  Raised $750,000 and its getting easier.  They really have it easy now.  Because he comes out in that wheelchair now, and then Jerry Lewis comes on and sings Youll never walk alone.President Clinton is doing a lot better with his injury.  You know he had that bad knee injury.  And they say now hes coming back, hes on the mend.  He has been doing some exercising, some stretching, some light weight lifting and next week, if all goes well, he will be able to do a little light influence peddling.(The fundraising scandals have not) hurt Clintons approval rating.  His approval rating is still very high, 56%.  Thats very high for a President.  Al Gores on the other hand, has plummeted.  Do you know what his approval rating is?  25%.  And Gore cannot figure it out.  Its a mystery.  But he said before he runs for President, he is going to go to a motel room and drop his pants.Tom DeLay, who is a Republican, and David Obey...they got into a shoving match.  This could have really have gotten out of hand, but Sonny Bono ran and got the teacher.Congress has said that Medicare will not pay for doctor-assisted suicides.  But federally assisted suicides will still be provided by Janet Reno and the Waco branch of the ATF.Also, apparently the Pentagon is unveiling their new spring line, because last week they brought out the B2 bomber and yesterday they unveiled the new F-22 fighter jet down the runway.  An amazing plane, $71 million.  They that its way ahead of its time.  It can actually fly twice as fast as the speed of cost overruns.Bob Dole went back to work working for a law firm.  He hopes to be the first lawyer to chase his own ambulance.James McDougal, Clintons partner, was sentenced to jail today; three years in jail.  So finally, someone does get a new home due to Whitewater.Sammy The Bull Gravano...said that John Gotti thought that he could get out of prison, he could get a presidential pardon by giving up $5 million.  His plan was to make the Democratic National Committee an offer they couldnt refund.Well, big night for baseball.  There was a Mets-Dodgers game and President Clinton was there.  He interrupted the game for a 20- minute ceremony to honor Jackie Robinson, which was very moving.  And then he cornered Ideo Nomo and hit him up for some campaign contributions.There was a big fight in the Senate this week about...whether you could allow a dog...on the Senate floor.  But one of the senators has an aide who is blind and needs a guide dog.  And so, first Robert Byrd -- Senator stickler on the rules -- said, No. They were not going to allow the dog.  And then someone pointed out that the dog actually had fewer accidents than Strom Thurmond.  So they let the dog on the floor.Well, everybody seems to be talking about the money that Bob Dole gave to (Newt Gingrich). ...  Now theyre saying its kind of a sweetheart deal.  You know, he doesnt have to give any of it back until 2005, and you know Dole is, like, 100 already.  And he doesnt have to pay any interest...or principle.  And Gingrich said today, Thats okay, I never had any interest in principles anyway.The First Lady is continuing her makeover.  Hillary is in Harpers Bazaar this month with some decorating tips.  She gives away her secrets on wallpapering.  You put a very light coat of the adhesive on, and make sure the incriminating side faces in.President Clinton is going to North Dakota tomorrow, to survey the damage and to give emotional support to the people.  And, of course, also because every woman in town is wearing a wet t-shirt. Jesse Helms...is very much against the (chemical weapons) treaty.  He actually supports banning anything that kills with chemicals, he just wants to make sure that the list doesnt include cigarettes.The hostage crisis there in Peru, is finally ended.  They stormed the embassy and they got the hostages out.  They said it was an expertly planned, logistcally perfect military exercise, or as Janet Reno calls it, Plan B.President Clinton declared a new environmental initiative (for Earth Day).  Every time one of his friends is indicted, he will plant a tree.Kenneth Starr, who you must know is the Whitewater prosecutor, hes been prosecuting this for I dont know (how long, said), he needs an extension now.  I dont know if the Clintons are guilty, but the last guy who took this long chasing criminals was Ironside.Susan McDougal...shes in jail.  Theyre trying to get her to talk and to give evidence on Clinton.  And if she does, according to the rumor, it will not be the first time shes rolled over on him.Now, President Clinton announced yesterday that he was going to make the commencement announcement at his daughters graduation. ...  He said, its not just because shes his daughter, but a look to the future.  Because, he said, Todays overprivileged kids are tomorrows improper campaign donors.There was a big brouhaha in the Christian Coalition.  Ralph Reed, who has been their main spokesman, said he is bowing out from Pat Robertson.  They say theres a big split between Ralph Reed and Pat Robertson.  Those two say no.   They say it is very amicable, but insiders say that they were constantly arguing over who Jesus liked more. Sad to report, but another Kennedy scandal, another Kennedy in trouble.  Michael Kennedy, who is a nephew of Ted Kennedy, son of Robert Kennedy, apparently theyre saying has been having an affair with the family baby- sitter since she was 14 years old. ...  But in his defense, he said its lot easier to get a girl into bed if she was born after Chappaquiddick.The Republic of Texas.  They have a standoff going down there.  These people think theyre going to secede from the United States.  And Janet Reno denies that shes gun-shy about going in there...but she said if these people dont start making concessions pretty soon, shes going to be forced to consider appointing an independent counsel.Garry Kasparov, of course, the great chess champion, is playing the IBM computer Deep Blue. ...  And you cant really help rooting for Garry.  I mean, this computer -- this new computer that they have against him can consider 200 million possible moves in a second.  And thats second only to Bill Clinton.Actually, President Clinton is going to Mexico, then hes going to, I think, Jamaica and Barbados.  Very important trip to the Caribbean.  Hes got some important things on his mind.  Hes gonna mend fences with our Caribbean allies.  Hes gonna talk about free trade.  And at each of his stops, he has to bring back a package for Marion Barry.Our President is in Mexico.  He is in Mexico, and he was joined yesterday by two members of his Cabinet, prominent members.  Madeleine Albright and Janet Reno are down there in Mexico with him.  Actually, when you think about it, theyre very good traveling companions for him.  One is real good at haggling, and the other one can get him chicks.While at a news conference in Mexico, President Clinton got very angry because reporters...were asking him about Hillary and Whitewater -- because some court documents came out saying that Hillary was the central figure in the probe, that she had discrepancies in her testimony and that she changed her statements. And then he really got mad when a Mexican reporter asked where she was when Selena got shot.It was reported yesterday that the President has a bad back and hes on painkillers.  They said he hurt his back reading. .  ..  They said he was on the treadmill, he hurt his back reading.  Actually it wasnt reading.  They kind of misreported that.  What happened was he was upstairs going through some pages.Well, President Clinton is halfway through his big Caribbean trip.  He was in Mexico, then he went to Costa Rica, now hes in Barbados.  And you know, as he goes, hes been dropping more Spanish into his language.  Its true, hes been calling Mexico, Meh-hee-ko. And yesterday he called Janet Reno El Toro.Big news, of course, at the Pentagon.  They have announced a big cut in servicemen.  100,000 people are gonna be cut from the military.  They say a lot of them will go by attrition.  And the others they figure will just harass themselves out of a job.The big match between Garry Kasparov and the computer -- are you excited? ...  And they say this one...is the most intense battle between man and machine since Jack Kemp debated Al Gore. President Clinton got some news yesterday -- the doctors told him that he should get off the crutches that hes been using since March -- which I think means that he can no longer blame his fundraising tactics on campaign finance laws.Important news in the United States Congress.  President Clinton has decided now to support the Senates latest version of the partial- birth abortion (ban).  Very controversial stuff.  This one, this new package, says they will ban late-term abortions with certain exceptions: If the life of the woman is in danger, or if theres a grievous health problem, or of course, if its an election year.It has been a moving day in Washington, DC.  I dont know if you saw the big ceremony for the Tuskegee syphilis experiment survivors.  Its not funny -- what a horrible thing that this government did to these people.  But President Clinton brought them to Washington.  There were eight survivors.  Five of them went to the White House.  The other three turned down the trip to the White House, cause they said they just wanted to be super sure not to catch it again.President Clinton and Hillary, it was in the paper today, owe $5 million to their lawyers, because they have so many, you know, lawyer problems -- $5 million.  And I think President Clinton is starting to panic about this, because today he said, You know, I cant even find my Heisman trophy.There is a new welfare reform bill that President Clinton signed, and there is a provision of it that says $250 million will go to communities to teach sex education, which is good.  Its a fraction of what it would cost to have our young people accept rides with Eddie Murphy.This is a very big issue over here, whether China gets our most favored nation status.  And President Clinton is saying we should.  A lot of people say we shouldnt because of their human rights abuses and other things.  But he says no, the best way to bring them into our family of nations, where theyll learn our customs, learn our morals and eventually, be adopted by Mia Farrow.Newt Gingrich, interesting comment yesterday.  He said its not enough that our stock market is setting record marks when fourth graders are having sex in our schools.  Which just shows youre never too young to have Republicans butt into your sex life.George Bush and Barbara Bush drove Millie to the vet the other day, thinking it was not something too serious, but it turned out the dog had to die.  And now, Dan Quayle wont get into the car with either one of them.Big news today in the abortion debate. ...  The Senate, our US senators, passed a ban on a type of abortion, the partial birth abortion, and it was largely because some of the Democrats switched over -- (Minority Leader Tom) Daschle and (Democratic Sen.) Robert Byrd.  But Ted Kennedy -- stalwart, liberal -- stuck with the plan and he said, No, we have to think about the health of the babysitter.Now we have a problem with the UN.  We owe them $1 billion and President Clinton said we would pay this $1 billion to the UN.  And the Republicans are now holding it up.  Theyre making, I think, petty demands.  They want to trim the UN staff. They want the UN to have regular audits.  And they want the UN cafeteria to name a sandwich after Rush Limbaugh.President Clinton made a bold statement yesterday: he came out against heroin.  Actually, he was criticizing the fashion industry because...they kind of...glorify that look they call heroin chic. And President Clinton gave them a little scolding and then Janet Reno held a separate press conference and said she thought Linda Evangilista should let her bangs grow out.The United States of America has a balanced budget agreement.  This took a lot of work and it really consumed Congress.  I know it consumed Congress because for a few hours there, they actually stopped talking about horny female Air Force pilots.I guess you heard, Kelly Flinn the B-52 warrior...they gave her a general discharge.  Thats what they called it.  So, there will not be a court martial.  She will probably become a commercial pilot. ...  I dont know how successful shes going to be there, because who wants to fly (an airline with a motto like) -- We love to fly, and your husband?Now, Newt Gingrich...hes always in the news, using his bully pulpit.  He is saying now, he said yesterday...he wants the major networks to give free air time to anti-drug messages. ...  For example, they would come on, you know, during our favorite shows and say, Kids, drug and alcohol abuse is a dead-end street.  And now back to Nash Bridges, starring Cheech Marin and Don Johnson.It pains me to talk about the problems of the President. ...  Well, the Supreme Court, Im sure you heard, ruled that Paula Jones lawsuit is going to go through.  And now Bill Clintons lawyers are saying this is going to precipitate an absolute constitutional crisis, a crisis, by the way, the Founding Fathers could not have foreseen.  Because when they wrote (the Constitution), the zipper hadnt even been invented. Paula Jones...says that she can identify what happened because the President, she knows, has certain distinguishing characteristics on his genitals.  And, you know, now the President has to be very careful around the White House because you know how Hillary loves to shred evidence. Susan Molinari...is quitting Congress to become an anchor at CBS, a TV anchor.  And people said to her, you know, Why are you quitting Congress to become a TV person? And she said, Because I want to make a difference.(President Clinton) was in Holland yesterday, and a group of children were singing to him -- his theme song, Dont Stop Thinking About Tomorrow, and then they broke into Chuck Berrys My Ding-a-ling.Interesting moment during the ceremony.  Clinton was commemorating the famous Marshall Plan that rebuilt Europe and Helmut Kohl -- the Chancellor of Germany, a big strong leader guy - - started crying. ...  And people were saying, what was going on, why was he crying?  It turned out, before the ceremony, Clinton whispered in his ear that there was new evidence that during WWII the Germans acted almost as bad as the Swiss.(The Clintons) went out to an exclusive restaurant last night with the Blairs, and they say theyre very much like each other.  And apparently Clinton and Blair are like each other because they had a typical friendly argument at the end of the meal about who would pick up the waitress.  They had a coup (in Sierra Leone), and a lot of Americans are there.  And today they started evacuating Americans and our military went in.  Our pilots went in.  They are rescuing women and children first, and then they are returning to have sex with the remaining husbands.General Ralston...has taken himself out of contention. ...  He said it is a demanding job and he wants to spend more time with someone elses wife and family.The hanky-panky in the military is out of hand -- all our heroes.  I mean, Colin Powell, one of my heroes, today admitted that for three years in the 70s, he beat the crap out of Tina Turner.Last year you may remember that Al Gore had a fundraiser in a Buddhist temple. ...  16 monks from the temple have said that they will take the Fifth (Amendment). ...  But, when you think about it, these are the perfect people to contribute to the Clinton campaign: people who take a vow of silence.Joe Kennedy, who is the congressman from Massachusetts, made an impassioned speech yesterday before the (Democratic) convention there in Massachusetts.  He admitted some of the wrongdoing that his family has done lately; said he is going to run for governor and that his brother Michael, whos been in a little trouble lately also, will help him.  They said theyre gonna campaign together, and they can be seen shaking hands and kissing babysitters.Congress...  passed the anti-flag burning amendment. ...  This is a great country.  The flag is apparently too sacred to burn, but the President of the United States, we feel, should subject himself to a genital examination.This is (President Clintons) big new thing, race relations.  He has appointed one of those blue ribbon panels, you know, to look into this subject. It has three whites, two blacks, a hispanic and a Korean-American.  And apparently already theres tension on this on this panel because today one of the blacks was looking through some files and the Korean told him, Buy something or get out.President Clinton made his big speech over the weekend. ...  And actually, now hes considering -- it came out today -- a national apology for slavery.  Thats true.  Yeah, apparently his plan is to start apologizing for terrible things that happened a couple of hundred years ago, and work up slowly to Paula Jones.Now, the Republican leadership is against this apology for slavery.  Trent Lott, Newt Gingrich -- they came out against it.  And they do have a point -- why should the government waste time on empty, futile, meaningless gestures when it can pass amendments on flag burning?Al Gore made a big speech today about the legislation they passed a couple of years ago which said that any kid who was in a school with a gun was going to be expelled. ...  And I think thats a good thing because some girls, especially, were so scared of the guns in the school that they were afraid to even go into the washrooms to have a baby.President Clinton had a big ceremony today (to honor Title IX). ...  And President Clinton said today that he (could) foresee a day when a female president would have the opportunity to proposition a male state employee in a hotel room.Well, the President is hitting up the minorities again.  Hes always in need of cash, God bless him.  It was the Asians for a while.  Well, this week he first...got $400,000 from a Jewish group and then they got $300,000 from African-Americans.  And, you know, he does these so fast he mixes them up.  At one of the fundraisers he praised Jackie Mason for breaking the color barrier in baseball.Some of (the lawyers notes on conversations with First Lady Hillary Clinton) are pretty incriminating, especially the ones about the reappearing Rose Law Firm billing records. ...  In the margins of her notes she had written, If you want something done right, you have to shred it yourself.You know Marv Albert has had his problems. ...  Boy, it just continues.  Today his lawyers left him. ...  They say hes acting irrational because he wants to put the whole case on hold and have the Supreme Court look into it until hes no longer President.President Clinton has a better environmental record than you might think.  Even when he was Governor, he would always send state troopers out to pick up trash.The Supreme Court...said it is not a Constitutional right for physician-assisted suicide. So its a blow to those of you who want to die.  Which goes against, really, what is popular in America.  Because they did a poll the other day -- 57% of people said they favor physician-assisted suicide.  The other 43% said you dont really need a medical degree to put a plastic bag over someones head.The Clinton Presidential Library...  is going to be in Little Rock.  No big surprise there.  Actually, it was part of a bigger plan to declare all of Little Rock, the whole city, a library, so that way the people involved in Whitewater would have to all keep quiet.NASA doesnt know why that cargo ship knocked into the Mir space station.  But they think that those kids who stole the stop signs are in big trouble.The Institutional Revolutionary Party (of Mexico) has ruled since 1929.  They are apparently out of power now (after Mexicos elections).  Although the President says hes waiting for thousands of absentee ballots from Arianna Huffingtons domestic help.(Senator) Fred Thompson...says that the committee has two important questions.  What did the President know?  And whats my motivation?Our President is in Spain with the NATO summit.  They made it official today, invited in the three countries they wanted to invite into NATO, which are Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic.  Although the Czech Republic, a very tiny country, was insecure and asking questions about why they were invited in.  President Clinton assured them, if theres one thing hes good at, it is accepting checks.The guy theyre trying to get to testify, Johnny Huang -- seriously, hes the big fish.  And theyre trying to make a deal.  Theyre going to offer him limited immunity.  In return, China gets Clinton to give their pandas tips on mating.The head of the Democratic National Committee testified -- Richard Sullivan -- he said that the 103 White House coffees that they had that raised $27 million were not fundraisers.  And then the committee recessed because his pants caught on fire.They asked President Clinton about (John Huang) because they say Clinton, you know, specifically asked to hire him.  And Clinton said he couldnt remember.  Thats his excuse, he couldnt remember.  Its inevitable after stealing all of the other Republican ideas that theyre now going go with The President has Alzheimers.President Clintons in Romania today.  He left Poland this morning -- had a very warm welcome.  People loved him over there in Poland.  He had a wonderful send-off.  The Polish army was there and also a group of Polish school children.  The army gave him a 21-gun salute, which unfortunately killed 21 of the school children.Speaking of the arts with Congress, last week they had a big vote and voted to disband -- to abolish the National Endowment for the Arts. ...  And spearheading that attack is Representative Sonny Bono.  ...  Because Sonny Bono said hes been in the arts for 30 years and he knows nobody who ever needed government help in the arts.  And then this was embarrassing.  Somebody pointed out that for the last 20 years, Cher has listed him as a dependent.Vice President Al Gore, his daughter got married. ...  Daddy was so proud of his daughter.  There she was all grown up, beginning a new life and accepting envelopes full of cash.President Clinton said that he is endorsing (a) law that (prohibits) health (insurance) companies...(from) discriminating against you if you have a genetic disposition to something. ...  This may be him setting up his defense for the Paula Jones trial, because he has the horny gene.The Senate fundraising committee is  getting desperate for ratings.  Yesterday the Chairman of the committee, Fred Thompson, promised evidence of an international conspiracy of influence peddling, and also how to make a birdhouse out of a milk jug.The White House has confirmed Chelsea Clinton has a boyfriend.  Its true.  Isnt that nice?  But her parents are very old-fashioned.  They say no sleepover dates until her young man comes up with the $100,000.At the campaign finance hearings -- which no one is watching -- the first hard evidence of real shady doings. ...  A guy testified that there is an Indonesian company that does nothing but owns a parking lot, gave $50,000 to the Democrats. ...  And a week later, Al Gore had a private meeting with a speed bump.Fred Thompson, hes the chairman of the committee, is very depressed because nobody is watching this thing.  This is a desperate effort to get ratings. ...  (He) wants to change the name of the committee to the Spice Boys.Interesting news in our Congress, Newt Gingrich -- there was a coup against him.  Thats what they called it in the paper, a coup.  They tried to get rid of Newt Gingrich.  And apparently it failed.  He is still the Speaker of the House.  And he came out, as he is always, first.  He said, What doesnt kill me, makes me wider.The Marines are looking for a few good women. ...  They are trying to recruit. ...  Yesterday they sent out 40,000 letters to recruit female high-schoolers, breaking by a few the old records set by Michael Kennedy.As you know, theres been a big battle in the House of Representatives, the coup against Newt Gingrich.  Well, today Newt Gingrich said he wanted a cooling off period.  He said theres been too much blood on the floor here.  And he knew it got out of hand when a rap music producer called him up and offered to sign him under the name The Notorious GOP.Well, how about this week at the campaign finance hearings? ...  Theyre investigating the fact that there may have been an illegal loan between the voices in Ross Perots head.North Korea -- which is about to enter into important peace talks -- for a goodwill gesture is giving us back the remains of four American soldiers who were killed in the Korean War in the early 50s.  They would have been here sooner, but the UPS is on strike.And do not mess with the Teamsters.  Yesterday, in fact, Santa Claus mentioned to one of his elves that he would be delivering toys this Christmas.  And today, he got Blitzens head on his bed when he woke up.And President Clinton said he will not get involved (in the UPS strike) unless it threatens the safety or the health of the nation.  Now, I dont know about the health of the nation, but Ricki Lake is desperately waiting on a shipment of fen-phen.President Clinton held a big press conference the other day.  He was talking about his agenda for the rest of his entire term, and he outlined his goals.  He said, they are, among other things, reforming education, expanding free trade and figuring out why a woman would come up to your hotel room and then not want to put out.Part of the budget deal is that the city of Washington, basically, is under the control now of a financial control board.  And they are taking away Marion Barrys powers.  And yesterday they fired his top four managers and one of his aides said, This is the last straw. ...  And Mayor Barry said, Its okay.  Well just roll up a dollar bill.President Clinton made a big announcement.  He had the press over to say hes giving more funding to diabetes research.  And to help him, he had Mary Tyler Moore there.  She is a diabetic.  And then he made his usual syrupy speech about a bridge to the future, and Mary went into sugar shock.President Clinton and Vice President Gore hosted a big cocktail party tonight.  And the aim, of course, was to raise $300,000.  Thats the aim of most cocktail parties, isnt it?President Clinton said he missed the days  when he could hold a cocktail party for the simple pleasure of mingling with friends, shoveling shrimp into his face and picking up girls.President Clinton has a new fundraising problem. ...  Apparently an Oklahoma Indian tribe was at the White House giving their last dime to him.  They gave $100,000 in the hope that land that they gave up, like, 100 years ago would be ceded back to them.  And not only that, the real incriminating thing for Clinton is that the indians kept calling him by his Indian name, Poke-A-Hot-Ass.The Clintons went on vacation and (reporters) asked the press secretary what (the Clintons) do on vacation.  They said (Clinton) is just going to read sleep, swim, jog.  And (the Clintons) like to play Monopoly... because in Monopoly you can buy real estate with no real money -- and you get a get out of jail free card.A new report out says that 65% of Americans say they were physically abused by a sibling. ...  And President Clinton, always looking for a good empty gesture, has proposed a national apology for wedgies.The word is trickling back about the Presidents birthday party yesterday. ...  He had his 51st birthday up there in Marthas Vineyard.  A lot of celebrities came from the area.  They say that they wheeled out a cake in the shape of a lighthouse. And talk about bad luck, the lighthouse had distinguishing characteristics.The Clintons are on vacation up there in Marthas Vineyard.  And yesterday they went sailing.  Ted Kennedy and Bill Clinton went sailing together. ...  No, I know what you think, but they went with their wives.  They ate sensibly, and there was no alcohol on board.  And today Republicans are calling for an investigation.And more bad news for the Kennedys.  They have had their problems this year.  First, that babysitter scandal.  And then Joe Kennedy with his wife, his former wife, writing that book about how bad a guy he was.  And now Joe Kennedy, who was going to run for governor, has pulled out of the race.  Actually, he didnt pull out.  He said hes annulling his candidacy.President Clinton appointed one of those blue ribbon panels, you know, to look into this subject (of race relations).  It has three whites, two blacks, a Hispanic and a Korean-American. And apparently already theres tension on this panel because today one of the blacks was looking through some files and the Korean told him, Buy something or get out.Mother Teresa, you know what she left (after she died)?  A couple of pairs of sandals, a change of clothes and a bucket.  And today, Al Gore called on behalf of the Democratic National Committee, and asked if they would donate the bucket.Paula Jones lawyers have quit. ...  Paula Jones was asking for $700,000 and an apology. Now, the White House offered the $700 grand without the apology and Paula turned it down.  And her lawyers said, No.  Were going out there, because Paula said obviously she cares more about honor then money.  How could any lawyer work with her?Boy, Al Gore is in trouble. Like who could care?  But at the Senates campaign finance hearings...they say that he knew he was breaking the law when he made fundraising calls from the White House.  And, of course, nobody really cares.  And to generate interest in this now, the Senators, this is really low -- theyre saying he made the calls from a princess phone.Sonny Bono... is introducing a bill to ban the paparazzi.  Talk about jumping on a bandwagon. ...  Well, hes mad at the paparazzi.  He said they always get in the way every time hes going through Chers trash.Now, new developments in the Paula Jones case.  God, this thing is a never-ending soap opera.  It should be a soap opera.  Now, do you know this?  She is being audited by the US Government.  Isnt that a coincidence?  People say, How could this be? Well, the government says its just a coincidence. ...  The IRS said its just always suspicious when someone lists press-on nails as a business expense.And Paula Jones, also her advisers and lawyers, are now asking for a -- this is so tawdry -- a photograph of the Presidents private parts.  Im not kidding.  And the White House flatly refused.  Clinton said, No way. If you want to see that, you can do like everybody else and wait for the Christmas card.Weve lost six military planes in the last four days. ...  And Congress says theyre going to take a serious look at this problem just as soon as they finish with their more serious problem of finding out where Al Gore was when he made a phone call to a monk.Chelsea Clinton went off to college today.  And her parents -- you probably heard of them, the Clintons -- they took her off to Stanford on Air Force One just like every other kid.It was a heart-warming story they reported in the paper.  They said last night before she went off to college, Chelsea and the President had to divide up the CD collection.  And Chelsea mentioned the Fugees and the Wu Tang Clan.  And Clinton thought she had gotten a hold of his donor list.Today is a very big day -- the 50th anniversary of our Air Force -- 50 Years.  They deserve it, yes.  A proud 50 years of public service, crashes and adultery. ...  Kind of like the Kennedys.Its a beautiful time of year.  In fact, tourists are already gathering in Washington to watch Al Gores story change.Janet Reno, our attorney general, has appointed a counsel...for the next 30 days, to review whether (Gores) fundraising activities were out of line.  They also want a special prosecutor now for President Clinton, who says hell cooperate on all accounts.  Actually, I think to save time, the Administration, what theyre going to do, is theyre gonna issue a blanket disclaimer about all scandals, past, present and future that just says: The President has no recollection of inhaling, exposing, investing, calling from the wrong phone, and she said she was 19.Bill Clinton went to the opera. ...  He and Hillary went to see Carmen. Now of course, hes from Arkansas.  He is not a big opera fan.  On the way in he asked if Rosie ODonnell was still playing Rizzo. President Clinton announced today that he is going back to Arkansas for his high school class reunion.  He said hes looking forward to getting together with the old gang, and they were reminiscing about when they used to try to cram as many guys as they could into a phone booth and then make illegal fundraising calls.Bob Dole testified (before the Committee on Aging) yesterday.  Its because he had prostate cancer, and he was testifying about that.  Several people did that.  One of them said that men have no reason to fear the digital rectal exam.  Which is ironic, because the IRS, testifying right down the hall, said the same thing.The Country Music Awards were tonight.  Technically, a beautiful show.  Apparently, they hired the cameraman from the Republican National Convention for his expertise for finding the single black person in the crowd.  President Clinton went back to his home state, because 40 years ago they integrated Little Rock High School. ...  He said he was a boy of 11 at the time living only 50 miles away when they integrated Little Rock High School. He says he vividly remembers the whole scene and how it affected his view of racial relations.  And I think thats great.  Not the racial aspect so much. Just that he still has some things he says he remembers.This economic expansion that weve had for the last, I dont know, six, seven years, apparently has done more for minorities than at any other time of our history and has lifted their hopes, which really is great.  And President Clinton, of course, took credit for this, which he should to a degree, absolutely.  And he said his dream is that some day all Americans, black, white, red, yellow, would have enough money to get an illegal call from Al Gore.At the White House, the President and the First Lady gave National Medals of Arts and Humanity. ...  Among them, Don Henley of the Eagles got a medal (and) Jason Robards, Tito Fuentes and Angela Lansbury.  That was not a good idea to invite her to the White House. She was snooping around asking questions about Vince Foster.President Clinton was (at the White House) today with 100 weathermen. ...  To point up the problems of global warming, he invited 100 weathermen to the White House.  This is true.  And apparently all went pretty well except near the end one of them said how powerful El Nino was, and Clinton said I swear, I never asked him for money.Kenneth Starr, who is the Whitewater prosecutor...is apparently going to ask for a six-month extension into the Whitewater investigation.  Now, he has been looking into this for about four years to the tune of $30 million.  Hasnt found any... smoking gun, but he says he needs the extra money and extra time because hes on to something hot now.  He thinks Chelsea has a hot plate in her room. This isnt even a scandal.  You know these coffees theyve been claiming the Democrats were having to raise money? Well, now they have videotapes of them. ...  Its a bunch of wealthy, middle-aged men standing around.  I saw it, I thought it was the new Rolling Stones video.One of them on the tape was George Steinbrenner, the Yankee owner.  He was at the White House. ...  What he wanted to do was to import some Japanese pitchers.  He got one, that Irabu guy. ...  And Clinton, of course, is known as a lover of Yankee ballpark franks.  So, the Republicans are trying to say that Clinton was trading arms for sausages.Clinton had his physical last week, and they said he had some hearing problems.  And today, he got his hearing aids...which is a big relief to a lot of the female White House staffers, who are sick and tired of hearing him say, Come again.(The Nobel prize for medicine) was won by this guy, Dr. Stanley Prusiner.  And it was the first time in ten years that a guy won it all by himself, usually they share.  This guy is quite a visionary.  In fact, he is such a visionary, four years ago he advised President Clinton to stay away from coffee.About the latest scandal -- it is about these coffee videos.  You know, the fundraising videos they have.  That was the first scandal...whether these coffees that the White House had were fundraisers.  The videos they have of them came to the committee rather late.  The third one is -- this is coming out tomorrow.  This is awful.  Apparently some of these guests had their regular coffee replaced by Folgers Crystals.That is not President Clintons only scandal problem.  His lawyer, Bob Bennett, said today that Paula Jones claim that she can identify distinguishing characteristics on the Presidents genitals, he said, this a quote...Its a sham.  Well, its normally a sham.  When hes excited, its a shamrock.Theres been a milestone in diplomacy. ... President Clinton has (appointed) our first gay ambassador. ...  James Hormel, he is a businessman from San Francisco, was appointed Ambassador to Luxembourg, apparently because the gay vote was so important to their win in 96.  And, you know, this has not been lost on the Democrats.  Their slogan for the year 2000 is You go, Gore.The right to life people, they are trying to turn President Clinton around on (the partial- birth abortion bill).  And their strategy now is, instead of calling fetuses unborn babies, theyre going to call them potential campaign contributors. President Clinton made a speech yesterday, about how we have to reform the system, and then he went off and had five fundraising dinners.  And after that there was a dinner where he was honored by Starbucks as employee of the month.Well, ladies and gentlemen, Im sure youre following this.  President Clinton is in South America.  Yes, and White House aides today say it was a complete clerical error that hes carrying $1 million in cash, going under the name of Bob Clark and never coming back.Its very appropriate (Clinton is) in South America, because his radio address this week was all about teenage drug use.  And he made a very important point.  He said, you know, without adult supervision and guidance, children are much more likely to use drugs and unlike himself, use them correctly.Attorney General Janet Reno had to reveal that she and the FBI director, Louis Freeh, are going to work together to find out if they should have a special prosecutor.  And this is a very unique arrangement. ...  But she said, you know, it just seemed like fate when she went over to the FBI and all of J. Edgar Hoovers old dresses fit perfectly.The White House coffee videotape theyre upset now about is (of) you know, Johnny Huang.  That was one of the big fundraisers who pleaded the Fifth.  Hes, you know, not cooperating.  And theyre upset because Clinton was hugging him and embracing him.  And Clinton explained this way.  He said, You know, this is an old friend and it was just the point in the relationship where I felt comfortable actually reaching into his pockets and taking money.Al Gore said the Administration is way ahead of everybody on El Nino.  He said he and the President have already begun sandbagging the Justice Department.I tell you, ladies and gentlemen, this scandal stuff in Washington is just more perturbing by the day.  Now, Newt Gingrich, did you hear this?  Newt Gingrich said that the Democratic fundraising scandal is worse and bigger than Watergate. And then he asked for a volunteer to break the bad news to G. Gordon Liddy. Yes, the Republicans want to appoint an independent counsel.  But theres a problem because of Whitewater and Paula Jones and Filegate and Travelgate and Newt Gingrich with the scanner, all the independent counsels are already booked.  And they have to settle on a retired security guard.Microsoft is going to get fined $1 million a day, unless they stop their monopolistic practices on the Internet.  And so Janet Reno is the one who did this to Bill Gates. And now talks are going on. Theyre trying to mediate between Bill Gates and Janet Reno (through) the only person they both trust -- the guy who cuts their hair.President Clinton is still in trouble with these White House videos where they show them having coffee. ...  Now, the Republican leader Dan Burton wants to hire a lip-reader to look...at these videotapes to see if Clinton was promising anything in exchange for the donation.  A lip-reader. This is what I call looking a gift whore in the mouth.Democrats now are trying to promote the fact that they have tapes...of the Bush White House doing pretty much the same thing, and of Reagan.  And the Reagan ones apparently are very embarrassing.  At one point Reagan passes around a hat and tap-dances in blackface.And in the background, Dan Quayles in a short dress selling cigarettes, cigars and yo- yos.At the White House, Hillary Clinton turns 50 this week. ...  I think she is a remarkable woman.  After going through all that lying about Whitewater, Travelgate, the Rose Law Firm billing records, she comes clean about her age.President Clinton is involved now in global warming.  Its his big issue, and he wants to reduce greenhouse gasses that industry emits. And he was trying to scare people today into realizing what kind of problem this is, and he cited some things we should be aware of with global warming.  He said for one thing, the temperature of the world is rising, the glaciers are shrinking, and if youre in the frozen food section lately, his nipples are not as hard.I do not mean to portray the President as a randy man.  But I have to say, the Senate campaign finance hearings reopened today...and the Democrats said...other Administrations have done the same thing.  They have had donors into the White House and have schmoozed them, it goes back as far as the Johnson Administration, and as recently as the Bush Administration.  And they have audiotapes and videotapes of both.  And when Clinton heard that there were Bush and Johnson tapes, he got very excited.Janet Reno this week threatened (Microsoft) with a million dollar a day fine because they were violating antitrust laws.  Well, now the documents have come out showing that Microsoft was forcing computer- makers, like in a really strong arm mob-like way, to use their technology. You dont want to get in way when these computer geeks go at each other.  I mean, some of this was ugly.  There was one note that just said, Nice pocket protector, shame if anything happened to it.Electrifying news from the campaign finance hearings -- I never thought I would hear myself say that phrase.  Bob Dole has offered to testify. This could be exciting stuff. ...  He has offered because he says the committee has, Cast doubts upon my integrity. And he hopes to squeeze in his testimony between his ads for credit cards and doughnuts.The First Lady was on Oprah today, making a rather historic appearance. ...  And she talked openly about her personal life.  She said that she and Bill Clinton missed their daughter Chelsea a lot because shes, of course, gone off to college.  But they said its given them a new sense of freedom.  And frequently they go out at night, which is occasionally embarrassing when they run into each other.Jiang Zemin is in Washington. ...  But it was interesting today, because his motorcade went through Washington.  And at one point, you know, as leaders do, world leaders do this, he jumped out of his limousine and the Secret Service went nuts.  Turned out it was just a fire drill.Yesterday, Jiang Zemin was in Williamsburg... just kind of a photo op thing, but it got a little testy.  The American guy there said to him, he said, You know, if not for the people of Williamsburg, there wouldnt be a US. Jiang Zemin said, If not for the people of China, there wouldnt be a Williamsburg gift shop.Im glad Im not one of Paula Jones lawyers.  These guys work so hard that sometimes when theyre at home, they think theyre at the office and they take in the trash. This was not a nice Halloween for the Clintons.  Kenneth Starr, the Whitewater investigator, asked for another six-month investigation to investigate Whitewater. ...  I dont understand this about the Contract with America -- you can get kicked off welfare in six months, but you can investigate Hillary Clinton forever.It was our first show here (in Washington D.C.), but they have rolled out the red carpet for us.  There was a wonderful greeting at the airport.  We got a tour of the monuments, and today they let me go over to the Justice Department and name a special prosecutor.Today I was in the room, I ordered up what they call the special Presidential Breakfast.  Thats a very expensive cup of coffee with a bent cruller.Iraq is now threatening to shoot down our surveillance planes if they fly over. And the Pentagon is furious about this.  They made it very clear today that our planes can crash on their own.Christine Todd Whitman narrowly won (her reelection campaign).  They said she wouldnt, because they said she was stuck-up.  But, you know, shes trying to prove now that shes a real Jerseyite, so for her victory party she put in a lot of big hairspray and is going to drive into Manhattan and not get into any of the good nightclubs.Well, things are getting very, very tense with Iraq.  Saddam Hussein, you know, hes trying to stop us from poking around over there.  But we are determined to do so.  And today, he finally admitted that he has chemical weapons.  He said just that they accidentally got boxed with some old Whitewater billing records.The Smithsonian, which is an institution here...received their largest donation ever.  $20 million they got today from...from a California businessman named Kenneth Baring.  Of course, this being Washington, the money doesnt go directly to the Smithsonian.  He passes the check to Johnny Huang, who gives it to a Buddhist monk, who slips it to Al Gore, who gives it to the President, who gives it to the Smithsonian.Fast track is a bill that would allow the President to cut deals with foreign powers without getting Congress involved.  Kinda like Oliver North.So things are getting tense with Iraq.  They threatened again today to shoot down our surveillance planes, and President Clinton is not kidding around anymore.  He warned Saddam Hussein today.  He said, Saddam, you could face economic sanctions, military action, or if push comes to shove, you could be replaced by Sinbad.A very scary thing happened yesterday.  Hillary Clinton was leaving the country on a big trip and her plane apparently had such bad problems it had to dump its fuel and return immediately to Washington from where it took off.  This is very scary stuff.  And when they told President Clinton, he said, Damn!  I mean -- Wow, Im glad everythings okay.Its Veterans Day, of course, the one day of the year when President Clinton says to the press, Why dont we talk about Paula Jones?It looks like were going to war with Iraq. ...  They have been defying our inspectors looking at their nuclear and chemical arsenals, and their excuses just get worse and worse. First they screwed with our video surveillance.  Then they burned and shredded documents.  Today -- get this, this is true -- they said, We dont have the documents because maids threw them out in the trash. ...  Im not kidding.  This is the truth.  And President Clinton was furious.  He said, Why didnt we think of that one?Well, President Clinton actually got a little payback today because, for the first time, his lawyers got to question Paula Jones in a pretrial deposition.  And I think her story gets a little more fishy every time I hear it.  Now shes claiming she got away from him in the hotel room because she pulled off his toupee.The Iraqis, very defiant, will not let our inspectors get in.  And President Clinton called this unacceptable.  And then he got tough.  He restricted their air travel.  Oh.  Now, critics said this was just a slap on the wrist to the Iraqis.  But you have to realize, for Iraqi diplomats, a slap on the wrist is the best you can do because a lot of times thats where their arm ends.The book that is stirring everybody up these days...is the...book about John F. Kennedy by Seymour Hersch, where he says Kennedy was -- get this -- a bigamist, an adulterer, a sex maniac, in bed with the mob, and he had the clap.  Let me tell you, if he had made fundraising calls from his office, he would be in real trouble.On the ABC show This Week, our Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, held up a five-pound bag of sugar and said, Saddam Hussein has the equivalent size bag of anthrax. And he said, Just that size of a bag of this stuff could completely wipe out half of Washington, DC. And Pat Buchanan said, Really?  Which half?On the fundraising trail is Vice President Al Gore.  Tonight he did a fundraiser at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland. ...  And boy, were they surprised to see him.  They must have been, because when he walked in, everybody went Narc!The Iraq crisis...is getting more and more bizarre.  Yesterday, did you see this?  Saddam Hussein had the Iraqi congress -- theres a powerful body -- he sent the congress out on the sidewalks of Baghdad to write on the sidewalk in chalk Down With America. Now, our President, Bill Clinton, will not be shown up.  He sent our Secretary of Transportation, Federico Pena, into the subway to spray paint, Iraq Sucks!And our fabulous European allies, who are so steadfast, they have a new plan.  Im not kidding.  Their plan is, instead of using force to back down Saddam Hussein, why not loosen sanctions and (and let them) sell more oil?  Im not kidding.  Thats their plan.  We kiss his ass and give him more money.  What do they think Iraq is?  China?Big news if you are a Teamster, or if youre involved in that at all, because Ron Carey, the head of the Teamsters, now has been disqualified to run for reelection.  The election is coming up.  They said because of serious campaign shenanigans in the last election that he is guilty of, he cannot run.  So Jimmy Hoffa Jr. will be the only name on the ballot.  Which is a tough thing for Jimmy Hoffa -- how to run a dirty campaign of threats and intimidation when youre unopposed.It turns out our UN inspectors never had a chance because the Iraqis have been spying on them.  They knew we were coming at every turn.  Did you hear this? They knew we were coming, either by, they said, electronically eavesdropping or by surveillance at the UN or, possibly, through Dick Morris hooker.Now our Secretary of Defense had a press conference yesterday.  Listen to this -- he said that the Iraqis had a chemical weapon called VX -- Id never heard of it.  But apparently if its on your skin, he said, for three seconds, youre dead.  And he said they have enough of it to kill everyone in the world.  No one in the press conference reacted in any way until he said, Including the septuplets.President Clinton finished up his meeting with the Pacific Rim nations, the Asian nations, yesterday.  And my God, there is bad news.  Japans stock market fell like 700 points, all the other stock markets are way down.  And he said if things in Asia get any worse, Al Gore is not going to be able to afford a campaign. There was a big protest here yesterday in California.  Did you see that? Jesse Jackson was here on the Golden State Bridge leading -- in support of affirmative action, which is in trouble in this state.  And Jesse said he will not rest until there are plenty of jobs for African-Americans, but not so many that he has to get one.NASA said they are going to send a big expedition to the moons of Jupiter, unmanned, of course. And thats a far piece to get there.  With construction, that is a long way to go.  And it was tough getting the funding for this out of the Republican Congress, until scientists discovered that the atmosphere there supported Whitewater evidence.Janet Reno has finally made her decision.  There will be no special prosecutor for Clinton and Gore. ...  I think Janet Reno really tipped her mitt a bit when she announced it, because she said, Im here, theyre cleared. Get used to it.President Clinton is on his way -- do you know where?  To Akron, Ohio. ...  He is there for a town hall meeting on race.  You know, hes had this year-long race initiative that hes trying to get going, which has been watered down as the months go by.  People really have not been sparking to this thing.  For example, just on his own thing, where it says, you know, first they wanted a national apology for slavery, now it just says, Golf with Tiger Woods.And I know why youre in a good mood -- because half of Washington is very ticked off today about the Janet Reno decision.Reno said she is not going to appoint an independent counsel to investigate the fundraising calls of the Democrats, of Clinton and Gore.  And this already is affecting the 2000 campaign, because today Dan Quayle begged his parents for a phone in his room. Now President Clinton was in Akron, Ohio, tonight. .. .  This is his big initiative in this second term, to improve the relations between the races.  Apparently it went pretty well.  His advisers said there are working on the whole thing of making blacks and whites trust each other more.  But (Clinton) said for his first meeting, they just worked on the handshakes.Now, many people have criticized this (race) initiative.  They said it lacks focus and Clinton is on the golf course too much, really doesnt know whats going on.  There might be something to this, because among his goals, he said, for the race initiative, More blacks in the NBA.The Clintons got a dog. . ..  Its not in the White House yet.  It has to be housebroken, they said, first.  Because this dog is going to live in the White House, its got to learn to go outside if its going to make fundraising calls.This fundraising scandal will not go away for the Clintons.  Im sure youve heard about the latest thing.  They are digging up a man who is dead, in Arlington Cemetery. ...  Just when you think this campaign finance probe cant get any more boring, it involves dead people -- which is terrible news for Al Gore.Janet Reno was grilled today by a congressional committee.  The Republicans are still bitterly angry over the fact that she would not last week appoint a special prosecutor for President Clinton.  And she stuck to her guns before Congress today.  She said she felt President Clinton did not do anything wrong.  And then she went on to say that according to her, from what she can see, that Latrell Spreewell guy was just checking his coach for mumps.The White House has been flooded with suggestions to name the Clintons new puppy.  As you know, they got a chocolate labrador.  They have not named it yet.  Clinton is still -- you know, hes wavering on what the name should be.  Hes thinking of naming it Reno because yesterday he walked it past Congress, and it wouldnt roll over.Now, anybody whos had a puppy, and Ive had many, they are so cute, but the things that they do.  And this one, yesterday in the White House, fell asleep on a pile of shredded subpoenaed evidence.Speaking of the President and dogs, Paula Jones...well, she is back in the news.  She is changing her lawsuit again.  He does this quite often.  She was first asking for $700,000.  She has revised that.  Now shes only asking for $525, 000.  Apparently now she says only his tie was crooked.They signed the Kyoto protocol in Japan -- over 100 nations have agreed to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, which is a good thing for our water and our sky.  Its going to be very tough on the US, though, to reduce gas emissions.  They say we have to double our fuel efficiency.  We have to phase out coal.  And we have to do something about Marlon Brando.President Clinton is back home today.  But yesterday he was doing his Christmas shopping in New York City.  They say he shopped up a storm.  He got three briefcases, he got broaches, he got sweaters, he got vests, he got book lights, he got a wooden frog.  And all that was just for Janet Reno.Rep. John Christensen proposed, and I think it was accepted by Miss America, Tara Dawn Holland.  He proposed to her and she said yes, theyre going to get married.  Apparently he fell in love with her when he was watching the Miss America pageant.  And for the talent portion, she threw a family off welfare.Well, our prayers, hearts and good wishes go out to Barbara Bush.  I loved her, the First Lady. ...  Shes resting comfortably in a hospital in Minnesota. ...  She had hip replacement surgery.  Cards and letters are coming in.  Dan Quayle wrote to her about her hip replacement and said, Thank God they found a donor.Apparently Buddy is really a good dog, because they say it has not messed up any of the priceless White House rugs. It seems to know to go on the subpoenas.Well, my home state of New Jersey made history yesterday. ... They made a landmark ruling.  A judge there said that gay couples, gay couples, have the same status in adopting a baby as heterosexual couples. This has never been said before.  So if youre a gay couple you can do it and are seen in the law the same way as a heterosexual couple.  And of course commercial america quick to jump on this.  Today pampers introduced a line of assless diapers.The chief UN inspector over in Iraq says that Saddam Hussein is cooperating less now than before the crisis we went through.  And the excuses are getting lame.  They went to one factory where they thought they were making chemical weapons today, and they had a sign out there that said, Closed due to a beheading in the family.The Clintons had Washington, DC school children to the White House.  Doesnt that just make your heart sing?  Well, it sounds good, but you know, thats about the roughest school district in the country.  Thats a rough neighborhood theyre getting these kids out of.  And at one point, Hillary asked the kids about the spirit of Christmas.  And one kid said, Its better to give than to score. ...  But, what a thrill for kids to get to go to the White House. One kid said its the best ten grand he ever spent.They did a poll yesterday to find out what people thought of Santa Claus, political-wise.  Listen to this.  Most people said they thought Santa Claus was a Democrat.  And that they also thought the Grinch who stole Christmas was a Republican.  And as usual, the elves related a lot to Ross Perot.Good news, sort of, to start the new year.  The big issue in Washington is what to do with the extra money.  Did you know this?  We have a surplus for the first time since 1969.  And theyre fighting about what to do with the money.  The Republicans want to cut taxes.  And President Clinton wants to use it as an excuse to bring back free love.This is sort of a dark day in American history. The White House was vandalized. ...  I think a woman was on a tour.  And they should have been keeping a closer watch, but she spray- painted the wall in the Blue Room and destroyed two priceless busts.  And as they took her away, she got an earful from Hillary Clinton as she left.  Hillary said, Nothing in this house gets destroyed unless I say it gets destroyed.The Clintons also revealed today that they had a very famous celebrity visitor over the weekend at Camp David.  Robin Williams was there. . ..  He was showing the Clintons his new film.  Also, he was asking President Clinton to, he said, make Janet Reno stop sending love letters to Mrs. Doubtfire.Alan Greenspan is giving a lot of money right now to the Asian markets, South Korea, because theyre going under. Were trying to bail them out.  Well, he was in South Central (Los Angeles) and he was heckled because this is a tough sell -- you know, explaining to inner-city blacks that youre pouring money into a Korean market.Boy, this was sort of disheartening, especially after the week where David Brinkley decided he was going to be a paid mouthpiece for a company.  Bob Dole is registered as...a foreign agent.  Its really a lobbyist.  But Bob Dole, Mr. Integrity, a foreign agent for Taiwan, cause hes going to do lobbying.  I mean, first he did a Dunkin Donuts commercial.  Now hes a foreign agent.  I tell you, if he doesnt win this weekends pay- per-view fight with George Foreman, Im going to lose all respect for him.UN inspectors say they have photographic evidence that Iraq...tested their biological weapons on prisoners.  And this is of course, the second week in a row weve heard about prisoners being subjected to biological weapons -- if you count Ted Kaczynskis underwear.A state senator from Georgia -- pretty important position, Ralph Abernathy III -- I guess hes some relation to Ralph Abernathy, the great civil rights leader -- sort of a bad moment for Ralph. He was coming back from, I think, Jamaica and police dogs, the drug-sniffing dogs, found marijuana in his underpants...and even more embarrassing, a roll of quarters.Vice President Al Gore is touring New England. Of course, the phone lines are down (because of the ice storms there). So hes had to ask people for money in person, which I think is embarrassing.76-year-old John Glenn is going to be going into space again.  And he will set a few records.  Not only will he be the oldest man in space, but he will be the first astronaut to preboard.One of the news organizations is reporting that we are pulling our inspectors out of Iraq.  We have had it up to here with them.  Weve tried to get in there to inspect, and theyve been blocking us.  And now were, apparently, going pull our inspectors back, which usually means were going to bomb them.  Which would be good timing to cover up the Paula Jones mess.The UN issued their fifth condemnation -- fifth condemnation -- today of Iraq, which I dont think affects them at all. Cause Iraq revealed that Saddam Hussein has the other four taped up on his refrigerator.Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu...is meeting with the Christian right. ...  He met with Jerry Falwell yesterday. Hes meeting with Newt Gingrich, Jesse Helms.  Today he was on Pat Robertsons Christian network, giving an interview. And I think hes been absorbing too much American culture, because he said to Pat Robertson, If the Jews did kill Christ, it would have been because we loved him very much, right?He also met with President Clinton today, Netanyahu did.  And it was a friendly (meeting,) they both decided to stay off the touchy subjects.  Clinton said he didnt want to upset Netanyahu and bring up something prickly, so he didnt bring up the fact that they were meeting to have the Israelis withdraw from the West Bank.  And Netanyahu, on his part, didnt want to bring up anything to upset Clinton.  So he didnt say, How was your weekend?The President of the US tonight is embroiled in a very, very serious sex scandal that actually could bring down his presidency.  President Clinton is accused of an improper sexual relationship with an intern.  And this makes the President look very bad. Not only could he be accused of obstruction of justice, but it also would mean that he was unfaithful to Paula Jones.Netanyahu is here, the Prime Minister of Israel.  And theyre talking about the West Bank, and Clinton has to tell him with a straight face to pull out.Monica Lewinsky, the young woman in question, her lawyer is complaining that Kenneth Starr squeezed her very hard to roll over on the President.  Thats not the joke part.  He apparently detained her for nine hours, he apparently offered her immunity, and, get this, Im not kidding about this, threatened to tell her parents.  And she is a young woman, and she was apparently very scared by this.  She was afraid what the reaction of her Jewish mother would be when she found out that Clinton was not a doctor.Well, theres a new player on the stage, Andy Blieler came forward today.  He was Monica Lewinskys drama teacher in high school.  Andy says he had a five-year affair -- this is news, by the way -- with Monica Lewinsky, who told him that she was having an affair with a high-ranking White House official, obviously the President, who himself was having an affair with Sheila Lawrence and scores of other women while he was married to the First Lady, who by the way yesterday Dick Morris pretty much said was a lesbian who nevertheless, was having an affair with Vince Foster, who killed himself.  Now, either all this is true, or Aaron Spelling bought CNN.You know who Monica Lewinskys neighbor is?  She lives at the Watergate Hotel.  Bob Dole. She lives next to Bob Dole.  This is probably a relief to him, because for months hes been telling Elizabeth, You know, I still keep hearing Bill Clintons voice at night.Clintons personal secretary, Betty Currie, had to testify before the grand jury about this whole thing.  And she said little things made her suspicious.  For example, when she said the President will see you now, Monica would always spit out her gum.You know, this story absolutely infects everything that is going on in this country, in the world.  Were almost at war with Iraq.  Clinton is talking tough about that, but again, it comes into play because he pointed out today that smart bombs, which we would use on Iraq, have the capability of pinpointing their targets exactly.  But really smart bombs know when to keep their little mouth shut.This was a good day for President Clinton.  No.  Im not kidding.  Several legal rulings went his way.  And also, the dress came back from the crime lab.  You know the dress Im talking about -- the one that he supposedly commemorated...in his own way.  Well, they say now that there is no DNA evidence, which is good for him.  By the way, this whole thing about the dress, voted by USA Today readers as the news story they least want explained by a pie chart.Kenneth Starr was complaining today, made it official in court, he wants the lawyers and investigators from the Paula Jones case to stop.  He says theyre harassing his investigation.  Their witch-hunt is getting in the way of his witch-hunt.  And he said -- Theres really only one way to decide who gets to subpoena Bill Clinton.  First come, first serve.Clintons  secretary said she knew something was sort of suspicious when she found herself using phrases like, Sir, your 3:00 AM is here.And as you know, this was a big controversy.  Karla Faye Tucker was executed earlier tonight.  And it was a big story because we are very squeamish about putting women to death.  And she thought she could get off by playing on that.  And reminding the parole board that she was a woman.  For example, for her last meal she had the steak and lobster, and hardly touched a bite. Iraq, this is interesting, has invited Newt Gingrich to inspect their missile sites.  That is true.  It is nice to see Iraq reaching out to the Republicans because it increases the chances that Linda Tripp will start wearing a veil.Monica Lewinsky made three dozen trips to the White House after she was finished working at the White House.  That looks a little bad.  Three dozen trips, and they know this.  They keep the records.  And apparently she was on the log three dozen times.A former intern who worked with Monica at the White House has come on the record today.  He said she told him she had sex with the President, and he claims to be her friend.  But you know, if he was a real friend, he would have taped those conversations.Its like one of those Time-Life mysteries -- Clinton sleeps around, Carter gets the rash.You know, it so looks like war (with Iraq) that the Olympic Committee...had to call up the White House today and say, Please dont start the war during the Olympics, because theyre supposed to be celebrating peace among nations in the world.  And we assured the Olympic Committee that we have the technology that we will only bomb Iraq during the commercials. Our demands are actually getting more.  The White House today said we insisted that Iraq give us...unconditional and unfettered access to their weapons sites. And they cabled back and said, How do you define unconditional and unfettered access? And the White House said, You know, like Monica had.Well, we here in California are all a titter because Monica Lewinskys out here now.  You know, she flew here yesterday.  Not an uneventful flight, by the way.  She was confused, it seems, by the flight attendants emergency instructions, because its the first time she was asked to put her head between her own knees.There is a big state dinner at the White House tomorrow night.  The Prime Minister of Great Britain, Tony Blair, and his wife are there.  And invited to the dinner are Barbra Streisand and her fiance, James Brolin.  And, apparently, it seems the President feels so comfortable with Streisand and her fiance that hes going to say to them, Hey, when are you two going to settle down and start cheating?Well, today President Clinton, if you havent heard, denied a New York Times report that said that he -- a day after he gave his deposition in the Paula Jones thing, he had his secretary, his personal secretary, Betty Currie, into his office and coached her on her testimony.  And President Clinton denied this.  He said he resented the meeting being characterized as anything but an innocent session of oral sex.This secretary, Betty Currie, I feel for her.  She is on the hot seat.  And apparently, this report says Clinton said to her, Hey, youre out of earshot, right?  No, you were in earshot, I guess, is what he wanted to say was she was always hearing what was going on when he was with Monica Lewinsky.  And Betty Curries trying to play the middle.  And she said, Well, I was.  But I could never really hear after the President closed the door and put on his Barry White album.The White House, the Clintons are firing back.  David Kendall, the Presidents personal lawyer, sent off a long letter to Kenneth Starr, the prosecutor, saying these leaks - - you know, because these things come out.  And theyre leaks.  And theres a gag order.  Theyre not supposed to happen.  He said he is going to hold Kenneth Starr in contempt of court, if these leaks dont stop.  And Kenneth Starr is so brazen about these leaks.  Before the last one, he said, Pull my finger.Tony Blair, the British Prime Minister is at the White House.  They had a state dinner tonight with all sorts of celebrities.  And great luminaries were there.  They had entertainment from Elton John and Stevie Wonder.  There was one embarrassing moment.  Buddy, the dog, came over to Stevie and put his head in his crotch.  And Stevie went Monica...Just to show that President Clinton isnt the only one, another sex scandal erupted today.  Roy Romer -- anyone from Colorado?  He is your governor in Colorado, also the head of the Democratic National Committee, very important man, admitted to a 16-year affair with his assistant, B.J. Thornberry.  No word on whether the name came before or after the affair.And I like this, heres what Roy Romer said.  He said it was an affectionate relationship -- Im not trying to define when affection ends and sex begins.  But in my experience, its usually after three drinks.The Academy Award nominations came out today. ...  In fact, in Brentwood, Monica Lewinsky said it was an honor just to be dominated.Monica Lewinskys mother appeared before the grand jury today. This Kenneth Starr plays hardball.  Hell get your mom in there.  Im telling you. ...  And it looks bad for Clinton, because she testified apparently that she had told Monica at one point, Always wear clean underwear because you never know when youre going to have sex with the President.The Washington Post is reporting that she told the grand jury, get this, Whats the big deal?  So she lied and tried to convince somebody else to lie? To say that to a grand jury? ...  But of course, shes got a point.  I mean, what do you say when the President of the US says to you, Was it good for you?The President has bigger things on his mind.  I hope he does.  I dont know.  Because today it was reported that he is lining up allies for Gulf War II: The Return. And apparently, Australia and Canada have come on board as our allies.  And one of his aides said to the President about this getting Australia...Did you use the hot line? And Clinton said, You mean the one about your eyes are beautiful?The Republicans and the Congress are fighting Clinton on going into Iraq.  And the White House said, What are you talking about? Were ready to go now. Because, you know, everything is in place for the attack.  We have our ships, we have our airplanes, we have our troops.  And the President is between relationships.  So we are ready to move.Well, now, the scandal -- Fire Under the White House or whatever they call it on the news -- gets just more tawdry.  Monica Lewinskys mother spent her second day on the stand in front of the grand jury.  And apparently, it was so distressing to her that he had to call in a nurse.  She broke down.  Because of -- obviously, I mean, shes talking about her little girl.  And she was recounting all the lessons that she tried to teach her as a little child -- Stand up straight, tell the truth, dont put that in your mouth.Now, you know were planning on sending Senator John Glenn into space.  Everybody applauded that.  And a teacher into space on the space shuttle.  Well, now it comes out that theres all these people, in and out of NASA, who are against this, who say it is absolutely reckless.  But NASA is not deterred.  They say, after John Glenn, theyre going to send a Republican senator into space...to study the effects of weightlessness on baseless allegations.This is Lincolns birthday.  Weve lumped these holidays together, which is unfair to Lincoln.  I love Lincoln, and this is his birthday.  133 years dead, the man.  And the special prosecutor investigating his sex life says the report will be ready any day now.The scandal has elevated to new levels now.  Ken Starr, the special persecutor, has subpoenaed now the Secret Service, which -- thats crazy.  And the Secret Service is very angry about this.  They say, You cant ask us to tell about the President.  That would compromise our ability to protect him.  And Clinton is one President you do not want running around without protection.More evidence continues to leak out about whether the President was with this young woman.  It doesnt seem to be in that much doubt anymore.  Apparently, for example, this was out today, she had VIP seats -- there were just a few seats, for the Air Forces 50th anniversary celebration last year.  And somehow she was in the VIP section, which looks a little unusual, considering that Al Gore had to get in line at Ticketmaster.President Clinton was at the Pentagon, made a speech about Iraq, threatened them, said, basically, that we are going to attack with devastating force.  You know, it must be great to be President.  Most guys in a midlife crisis just get a Porsche. Saddam Hussein heard this, this, basically, ultimatum saying that we are going to attack them.  And his response was, he said he does not believe Clinton.  He thinks hes a liar.  But then he also said people should butt out of his personal life.Mike McCurry, who is, as you know, President Clintons spokesman, has, for weeks, been handling this Lewinsky scandal with great deftness said, somehow, he went off the record, but it was on the record.  And he said, Well, this affair is very complicated.  I dont think theres an easy explanation. And then he retracted later in the day and said, It was a lapse in my sanity.Youre wonderful.  A wonderful, polite audience. Which is more than I can say for the kids at Columbus.Whether you like it or not, it looks like we are going to war.  Because the UN pulled out most of their advisers yesterday.  Thats a sure sign the bombing is going to come.  And Clinton reiterated.  He said today, The world cannot afford to wait any longer. And then he said, And besides, Ive got bigger problems.Today, Kenneth Starr said he wants to subpoena -- I didnt even know this existed, a homing device.  The Secret Service has a homing device which they put on the Presidents belt to show where he is at all times. ...  Which, by the way, is not completely foolproof.  It is kind of like a cellular phone.  Sometimes they lose him when hes going through an intern.I tell you, I never thought Id see the day when we would define safe sex as When Ken Starr didnt find out about it.And also, for Clintons problems today, excerpts were released from Paula Jones deposition. ...  And Paula Jones apparently is giving details or somebody from her side, details of what happened that day in the 1991 hotel room where Clinton, she says, came into the room.  She was invited.  He brought her over to the window sill.  He stroked her hair, stroked her leg.  Then dropped his pants and asked her to kiss it.  Thats what she said.  That was in the deposition.  This, she said, all of it wouldnt have bothered her.  But the really harassing part was in the middle of this all, he asked for a campaign contribution.Sources close to the President say he is, because of the scandal, starting to crack. . ..  And they may be right.  Because today he said, We must keep the oil flowing so that Saddam Hussein can never again threaten the worlds supply of K-Y Jelly.Now, one reason the President is probably very upset today is because his closest friend, Bruce Lindsey, has been subpoenaed by Ken Starrs grand inquisition, I mean, grand jury.  And this is the Presidents closest friend.  This is the guy you always see when he gets out of a limo or a plane.  Hes there right with him.  This is a guy the President has told lies to he hasnt even told Hillary.The other intrigue around Washington is that the Vice Presidents wife, Tipper Gore, has not been seen for two weeks and suddenly she reappeared and she looked different.  Nobody saw her for two weeks.  So they think maybe she had some work done.  A little face lift, a little tuck.  They dont know what it is, but no one around the White House is saying anything cause the one word you do not use there nowadays is liposuction.Good evening, and welcome to Politically Incorrect. Tonight, were going to start our show by honoring a request from President Clinton.  Thats right.  The President has personally asked me to help explain to very young children, who are our core viewers...why mommy and daddy may have been watching the news more lately and using funny new words we hear on TV.  Words like intern. Or impeachment.  Or Lewinsky.  Hard words like adultery and fellatio.  After the news, you may have noticed daddy looking at mommy or trying to sit a lot closer to her.  And mommy saying things like forget it and get real. Well, kids, President Clinton feels your pain.  And he wanted me to remind you that there has never been a President who mentioned children more in his speeches.  Or one who works harder on finding new ways to touch young people.  President Clinton is the good man who makes our economy strong and our air clean.  And he wants you to know that all those scary new words dont mean anything.  Theyre just silly, made-up words from a bad, bad and unfortunately (bleep) man named Mr. Starr. Mr. Starr hates strong economies.  Clean air makes Mr. Starr sick.  So Mr. Starr decided to use his evil powers to destroy our President, ruin our economy and make your grandma die.  Kids, look, mommies and daddies have special ways of holding each other and touching each other as if to say, I love you, sweetheart. But lets face it, after a few years that crap gets old.  Did you ever have a best friend who also wanted to be your only friend?  Well, thats no fun.  Its okay to have a best friend, but you should also have lots of other friends.  Well, thats the kind of friendship the President has with his best friend Hillary.  He and Hillary are adults, and thats where we get our word adultery -- to act like an adult.  Mommies and daddies understand this.  Well, mommies dont.  Sometimes they forget how hard daddies work.  President Clinton works harder than anybody.  So he can only do his best work for America when hes relaxed.  Well, Miss Lewinsky helps President Clinton relax in a special way.  A very special way.  I mean it, she was good.  Now, Mr. Starr -- Mr. Starr is mad because she didnt help him relax.  But remember, kids, theres some things even an intern wont do.  Well, I hope that helps you understand everything, boys and girls.  And if your mommy and daddy get mad and want to sue the man on TV who taught you all these dirty words, tell them it was me, Keenen Ivory Wayans.Everybody is holding their breath that Saddam Hussein will live by this agreement.  Republicans in Congress, and I dont blame them, are very skeptical about this agreement.  They say that it may not happen. They say there are a few things that the military must make right in the Middle East first.  And number one is throwing Lawrence of Arabia out of the Army for being gay.Well, it is the beginning of Lent, and Im sure Catholics know all about that.  That is the 40-day period that commemorates Jesus suffering and agony at the hands of a special prosecutor.The Grammys were tonight. ...  I wont bore you by reviewing who the winners were.  But the surprising point -- in the middle of the show, the announcer said, Ladies and gentlemen, Sting. And it was Linda Tripp wearing a wire.Well, people in America are upset this week because...there was an international study that was done of students in fourth, eighth and twelfth grades with math and science skills tested.  About 20 countries participated.  We came in almost dead last.  And President Clinton commented on it.  Everybody was upset about it.  Well, now we have looked into it.  It turns out the testing was biased to favor smart kids!The agreement with Iraq that we made is apparently not holding water in Congress.  Trent Lott, the Majority Leader, is against it. Jesse Helms...may have a point here.  He said, talking about Saddam Hussein, he said, It is insane to negotiate with a man who is bent on using chemicals to decimate human life. Then he ran off to vote on tobacco subsidies.The New York Times reported today that the CIA has under way a covert operation to get rid of him, to topple him.  They are trying to destabilize the Hussein regime, listen to this, by sabotaging utilities, hurting the economy, broadcasting propaganda.  And if that doesnt work, what theyre going to do is indict everyone who works for him and ask about his sex life.White House aide Patsy Thomasson said the reason why Monica Lewinsky was sent over to the Pentagon was because too often she was loitering near the West Wing.  In fact, they say it got so bad, they had to put a sign outside the Oval Office -- Please do not tease the President.President Clinton wants to establish a new lower definition for being legally drunk.  Thats going to affect a lot of peoples lives.  Ive got a definition.  How about, youre legally drunk if you risk your Presidency to make out with a fat girl?This is amazing how they keep floating these kind of trial balloons about what we will accept.  Now, CBS News is reporting that this White House wants to test this idea that maybe the President and Monica just kissed. ...  Or as Clinton is going to say, I never impaled.Kenneth Starr, hes out of control.  Now you know who hes going after?  First he went after reporters just because they talked to other reporters.  Now hes going after Lewinskys former lawyer.  This is lawyers going after lawyers.  This is not good. ...  To illustrate this today, CNN just showed footage of a snake eating another snakes eggs.Vernon Jordan, of course, was the one who was before the grand jury today, trying to explain why he was so involved in Monica Lewinskys life.  And one embarrassing point...the prosecutor asked Vernon if he handled her affidavit.  And he said, Whos David?President Clinton, brave man that he is, has come out for safe food.  Im not kidding.  They had a big ceremony at the White House.  It was called the Food Safety Initiative. Hes worried about the fruits that are coming in -- no, Im serious -- from other countries.  They had a big ceremony.  For once, it was a banana in his pocket. President Clinton, actually, must be gloating a little bit today, because whats good for the goose is good for the gander.  Kenneth Starr is being investigated.  There is a Federal prosecutor now going after Kenneth Starr, (who) says that Kenneth Starr concealed perjury while he was defending General Motors a few years ago in a suit, in a product liability suit. Actually, it started out as a product liability suit.  It turned into an investigation of Mr. Goodwrenchs sex life.Kenneth Starr is absolutely furious.  He says its one thing to ask about a mans private sexual affairs, but youre getting really personal when you ask questions about how a Republican makes money.President Clinton  responded to the leak of his Paula Jones deposition and he looked very angry.  I think he is angry.  He is mad at these leaks, and he said, his quote was, he said, Somebody ought to obey the law, and I intend to be that person so I can go back to my job.  Which, by the way, in a couple of weeks, could be at Revlon.I guess you heard about Latrell Sprewell, you know him?  The Golden State Warrior?  Well, the guy -- I know, tried to kill his coach, choked him, so what -- an arbitrator has reinstated him.  By the way, if you are keeping score, Sprewell choked his coach, Clinton coached and choked his intern.David Brock, did you know who this is?  This is the man do started the whole thing with the White House scandal.  He is the guy who wrote the original article naming Paula.  He didnt say Paula Jones, she came forward after that; it led to Troopgate, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky.  Well, now, he has publicly apologized to President Clinton and that what he wrote was probably false.  Hey, Dave, no harm done!We lost Air Force One for about half a minute.  Clinton was over Connecticut. ...  This is very scary because the President was on Air Force One.  Just knowing that Al Gore was a heartbeat away from being the center of Ken Starrs sex fantasies.The White House press department is on a hair trigger these days.  When they heard about this, they immediately said, Look, the flight did not go down, but the President and the plane may have kissed.At the grand jury today was, for the second day, Kathleen Willey.  She is the woman who worked in the White House.  Also someone who was coming forward, I think against her will, but she said that the President groped and fondled her in the White House.  The President says he was not doing that.  He was just patting her down to see if she was wearing a wire.This all may be ending very soon, we hope, because discussions have begun between Kenneth Starrs team and Team Clinton on whether the President himself will appear as the headliner. ...  Theyre trying to decide if the President himself is going to go before the grand jury.  If he decides to do that, then they will have to talk about the timing and the scope of his testimony, and if there will be any nudity.They said (the asteroid) could be a near-miss, or it could destroy the entire planet.  They even know the date, October 26th, 2028.  And this really burns my buggy because if this planet is wiped out in 2028, well never find out how Ken Starrs investigation turns out.President Clintons valet Byani Nelvis has testified before the Starr grand jurty three times... now.  And they asked him today, Did he ever see Monica Lewinsky around the White House? And he said, Yeah, I ran into her a couple of times when I was measuring the Presidents inseam.You know, the militarys had tremendous problems with this, with men and women being together, because of sexual harassment. And they appointed a panel, they said they should segregate them.  Secretary Cohen said, Were not gonna do it, but he did say, We will take certain steps, increase supervision, construct barriers, install alarms. And if it works there, theyre going to try it at the White House.Well, they -- they have a case of the Willeys there at the White House today, you know.It was St. Patricks day, and they are so touchy.  President Clinton said Yes, he did kiss the Blarney Stone, but only to comfort it.I dont know if you saw this, but a couple of days ago, our Congress voted to make Saddam Hussein a war criminal.  Okay, well, now Iraq said Bill Clinton is a war criminal.  And I do not like the idea of Clinton having to face Iraqi justice, cause how is he gonna grope chicks with both hands cut off?Michael Viner, the publisher Kathleen Willey went to for the book deal, said the story she told him was very different than the one...when she described this encounter with the President.  Where he got her a cup of coffee -- its always coffee with the White House.  She remembered it was a Starbucks cup that was pressed between her and the President.  Well, she now says it was Chock Full of Nuts.  The Pentagon -- remember years ago they were paying $1 million for a toilet seat cover?  Well, theyre doing it again, apparently.  Theyre paying huge amounts for spare parts.  Over $600 for a screw.  No joke there...$714 for an electric bell.  And this is the most damaging -- $740 for a broom to sweep the McKinney case under the rug.  Wow.The White House is fighting back.  They say that in a civil court case in 1995, Kathleen Willey never discussed a financial need with the President, which is what she said on 60 Minutes Sunday, that she discussed a financial need. Now, President Clinton is also apparently changing his tune, because yesterday he was bewildered by her.  Today, he said, Anybody who lies on 60 Minutes cant be all that bad.Now, just to show you how far-reaching the effect of this scandal is, up in Alaska...the Iditarod, they run that every year.  Its the dog sled race. ...  Okay, yesterday, Jeff King won it for the third time.  Clinton was going to call to congratulate him, but he didnt want to say, I did er.President Clinton is in Africa on a very important tour.  He is in Uganda now, he was in Ghana yesterday. He has been skirting around the issue of making an apology for slavery.  I dont know why hes doing it over there.  Those are the ones who werent brought here as slaves.But he said, you know, History teaches us we should never treat other human beings like property because you never know when theyre going to appear on 60 Minutes.Now, did you see the incredible scene yesterday when he was in Ghana?  He spoke to a crowd, as big of a crowd as hes ever spoken to in his history of speaking. And there was a crush that came up to him.  He was there shaking hands, and it got out of control.  Very embarrassing for the Administration and the Secret Service because they almost trampled people to death.  And even more embarrassing, they were doing it because they thought he was John Travolta.Boris Yeltsin...walked into a cabinet meeting, no one knows what was said, but five minutes later, they were all fired.  Now, either he was trying to consolidate power, or this was the most unsuccessful intervention ever.President Clinton has been in a very repentant mood because he has apologized, almost, for slavery.  (He) also said he felt bad about the genocide in Rwanda.  But of course, Clinton always gives mixed signals about what the white man has done.  Cause today, he launched into a rousing defense of the missionary position.Just because the President is away doesnt mean that the business of his Administration doesnt go on here, because it does.  And very important news today, the Clinton Administration announced they are changing the way we are distributing donated organs.  If you need an organ, it was always done by region. ...  Well, now theyre changing it so its national.  The person who is most sick all across the country will get the organ.  And efficient transplantation is a pet project of Clintons, because among people in this country, he above all knows the devastation of having an organ rejected.Both the President and the First Lady participated in a tribal dance.  Im not kidding.  And the villagers were delighted when it started to rain subpoenas.Response and reaction is still pouring in from the horrible schoolyard shooting there in Jonesboro, Arkansas.  They say -- interesting side note -- officials say the response time would have been much faster from authorities, except that all the Arkansas state troopers were in Washington, testifying.The President is in Africa, and hes having the time of his life.  He was in South Africa today and he and Hillary were at a shantytown, and they were helping house builders lay bricks. ...  And then Ken Starr subpoenaed all the bricks that Clinton laid.Now, yesterday (Clinton) was in Rwanda also, which, of course, was the scene of horrible carnage in the last four or five years.  And it was so scary there.  The security was so tight that he never left the airport.  And Air Force One, they kept idling on the runway.  They never turned it off.  And this looks really bad in Africa -- Clinton kept his wallet locked in the glove compartment.Well, very stirring pictures today from the Horn of Africa.  And by that, I mean Bill Clinton. ...  Thats his nickname down there.Nelson Mandela, the inspirational leader of South Africa, took the President on a tour of the prison where Mandela was in for 18 years before he became President of South Africa.  And Clinton was absolutely dumbfounded.  Because of course, in this country, you get to be President and then they try to put you in jail.See, it never stops for President Clinton.  He is constantly assaulted.  Today, a new revelation -- well, it was in The Star, but all the papers picked it up.  A woman who was a flight attendant on his campaign plane in 1992, her name is Christy Zercher, says that she was fondled by the the Governor for 40 minutes during the flight.  Im not kidding.  And they asked her today, Christy Zercher, they said, Why did you wait till after Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky and Kathleen Willey? And she said, I thought we were going alphabetically.Grease reopens after 20 years. Its a little updated.  John Travolta still plays a smooth-talking horndog on the make, but now, theyre calling it Primary Colors.President Clinton is in his final stretch of his African trip.  Arrived in Senegal today.  The plane touched down.  He got off and apologized to the tarmac.Clinton, because hes been in Africa, he missed a big event today.  Al Gores 50th birthday.  He called back to the White House, and told his secretary Betty Currie to get something nice out of the Monica box.This story from Jonesboro, Arkansas, just gets worse and worse all the time.  Now they are saying, this came out today...that the 13- year-old boy who shot the girls, they say he was in his fathers house in Michigan last summer and that he inappropriately touched a girl.  And hes in trouble for that.  You think he was in trouble for the shooting.  Now Ken Starr wants to subpoena him.Paula Jones today changed her story again.  She said, Did I say Bill Clinton showed me his penis?  What I meant to say was Bill Cosbys my dad.At the time that he heard it, they asked Clinton for a comment, and he said -- and I thought this was a little inappropriate -- he said, Im going to Disney World!Now, they love (Clinton) over there in Africa.  They dont understand why this is a scandal at all.  And they celebrated this victory.  They call him the Great White Trash Hunter.It is also unclear how this will affect the rest of (Clintons) political/sexual problems here in America. But in Washington today, Monica Lewinsky said, Now do I get my gifts back?The White House released President Clinton and Hillarys return.  They did not do too bad. They paid $92,000 tax on $569,000 income.  And interesting, they listed Ken Starr as a dependent.Now, you know, $92,000 on $569, 000, that is not bad with our tax code.  Apparently what it was, he got a big write-off because during his term the office of the presidency was so depreciated.During the this weeks race forum,  President Clinton, very honest, very real, feeling everybodys pain, said he actually wished he was a rich, black athlete.  That way he could get away with choking Ken Starr and stabbing his wife. Newt Gingrich (said) he may run for president.  He said its not likely, but he may.  Of course, his approval ratings, we reported a couple years ago they were just below the Ebola virus.  Well, they have risen above them so that hes encouraged, but they are still below the iceberg that killed everybody on the Titanic.Well, it is both Earth Day and Secretarys Day, which is perfect for President Clinton because he sent his secretary Betty Currie over to Monica Lewinskys place to recycle some gifts.Last night we reported that Paula Jones was invited to the Correspondents Dinner this Thursday, a big Washington event that the President attends.  Well, today apparently, Monica was also invited, but her attorney, William Ginsburg, said Monica will not go.  He said it would be a tasteless thing to do - - and besides, Ken Starr has subpoenaed all her good dresses.Once again, the Clinton Administration has come out against the wishes of the people of California, because we passed Proposition 227...which bans bilingual education.  Clinton came out against it.  He said it was inadequate.  He said it would leave our junior high schoolers without the basic English skills to talk their teacher into bed.President Clinton received an honorary doctorate from Jerusalems Hebrew University for his remarkable achievement of finding a Jewish girl who likes oral sex.Scary news from outer space. The rats are dying on the space shuttle. ...  They think it may be because they know too much about Whitewater.It came out today that Hillary Clinton, who did a deposition on Saturday at the White House, five hours spent with Ken Starr.  That must have been a lot of fun. Well, the grand jury in Arkansas heard that today, and it came out in the press that she declined to answer two questions.  She cited marital privilege.  Im not kidding.  She stood firm.  She said, What happens between husband and a wife is between them and the interns, aides, lounge singers, beauty queens and state employees he hits on.Ken Starr today revealed that he has 75 pictures of Clinton with Monica Lewinsky.  75 pictures.  What is he, hiding in the bushes?Kenneth Starr said the goal no longer is impeachment.  What hes going to do is try to chase the President through a tunnel in France and kill him that way.And what a day for Ken Starr.  Did you hear it?  True.  I mean, I guess you heard, Monica Lewinsky, no immunity for her.  That was the big news a little while ago.  And just before we went out, it came out he is reindicting Clinton crony, best friend, Webb Hubbell.  Hes not only reindicting Webb Hubbell but also Webb Hubbells wife, get this, his lawyer and his accountant.  And then Ken Starr had a press conference, and he said, And Ill get your little dog, too.In Little Rock, Arkansas, there is another Whitewater grand jury, which has been watching the Hillary Clinton videotape.  Starr made a videotape of Hillary Clinton, five hours investigating her.  So they have been watching the Hillary movie.  Not only do they have to watch that, but before it started, they had to sit through reviews of upcoming Clinton scandals.Ted Kaczynski has been sentenced.  The Unabomber -- Did you see this?  He got four terms plus 30 years of life without parole.  Four terms of life.  Thats a lot.  Hes not gettin out. Trial experts said the sentence was so severe because it was designed to force him to play ball with Ken Starr.Newt Gingrich said every speech he gives...hes gonna attack Clinton.  Clinton is getting it from all sides.  Gingrich is accusing him of a coverup.  And Starr is accusing him of not covering up.Apparently, its Cinco de Mayo.  President Clinton got in the mood.  He was at the White House all day.  He cracked open a bottle of tequila, put on a sombrero and staggered around calling himself the Libido Bandito.Well, looks like he is gonna have to settle the peace talks in the Middle East.  They have ended a stalemate in London, our Secretary of State was over there talking to Arafat and Netanyahu.  It did not go well.  And these peace talks are very specific.  It says if they dont go well, then Netanyahu and Arafat go to Washington to meet with Clinton.  And if that doesnt work, they have to settle it on Springer.Now, there was a big mystery today.  I guess you heard about this.  A murder...at the Vatican.  It sounds like a Columbo. The Swiss Guards, you know the Swiss Guards, the ornately costumed gentlemen who guard the Pope?  Well, two of them apparently were in some sort of a gunplay thing.  They dont know what happened.  They were murdered.  Ken Starr said he is going to look into it.  He believes the Pope might have been involved in a failed land deal called Holywater.President Clinton has had a bad couple of days.  Hes had some rulings against him. And the latest news -- this is very damaging -- all about executive privilege.  You know, he was saying that he talks to his aides all the time, and that should be between him and his aides.  They shouldnt be able to subpoena that or hear it in court.  Well, a Federal judge has said, no dice.  Youre going to have to have these people testify.  And boy, thats the 90s, for you, huh?  If youre going to be promiscuous, you gotta worry about aides.The Pentagon said they are going to dig up the Tomb of the Unknown soldier. ...  One of the soldiers from Vietnam; now theyre pretty sure they know who it is.  So they gotta dig him up.  And they said, DNA testing should answer all the questions about this serviceman.  But if it doesnt, Ken Starr says he can get him to talk.Ken Starr had President Clintons secretary back at the grand jury again.  Betty Currie testified, and apparently gave Clinton a bit of a double whammy, cause not only did she say that Monica Lewinsky was in there visiting a lot, but she said whenever she was in there with the President, hed say, Hold all my illegal fundraising calls.Now Hillary caused a big stir today.  She came out in support of the idea of a Palestinian state, which caused an uproar in the Jewish community.  A lot of people are upset about this.  Hillary tried to defend herself.  She said she is sympathetic to the plight of the Islamic people because of all the years shes spent as part of a harem.This is a momentous event.  Another country, (India, is) joining the nuclear club.  We do not need that.  And everyone is under fire.  The President, for not knowing; the CIA was behind on this one.  And Ken Starr today used the event in India as an excuse to resubpoena Betty Currie.The White House is still under fire.  Another special prosecutor is being appointed for another Cabinet secretary, Alexis Herman.  She was Labor Secretary.  And they are trying to get her, from when she worked in the White House, for basically illegally bringing in campaign donations, they say.  And see, this is embarrassing the way the scandals sometimes collide, because when she was bringing in money under the table once, she bumped heads with Monica Lewinsky.The President is doing what he does best -- when theres a problem, he leaves. He is on his way to Europe for the Big Eight summit conference.  Tonight he is in Germany.  He is staying at a hotel that is also housing 80 women tennis stars.  Well, there was some confusion.  He went out in the hallway and one of the women said, Wheres the ice machine? And he said, Hillarys not with me.Clinton got mad about the Indian nuclear tests but they did it again.  They set off two more bombs and they said, This is the absolute last time. But just to be safe, today Clinton ordered his intern to stay under the desk.Tonight, a new Miss Universe has been crowned. ...  The new one, Wendy Fitzwilliams, describes herself as...a singer whos into politics.  This is what Clinton calls a no-brainer.Our President is overseas.  Hes in Germany celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Berlin airlift.  And word came in today that he hurt his back doing some, I think, golf practicing. They said he is completely unable to bend over -- which puts Ken Starrs plans on hold.Well, speaking of Ken Starr, Clintons secretary, Betty Currie, was back testifying before the grand jury for the fourth time.  This is unheard of -- four times she has had to go before this grand jury.  Ken Starr really has no new questions for her.  Its just the closest hes ever gotten to having a friend.Another big ruling from our Supreme Court.  They have ruled -- this is important -- they said public television can...exclude third party candidates from the debates.  In the next debate, the Presidential debate in 2000 apparently will be just the Republicans and the Chinese.So...Bill Clinton is in trouble again. This guys always in trouble, I tell you.  He needs to have a day off.Now they have found a direct link between not just China, but the Chinese military, funneling money into the Democratic campaign.  I mean, this looks bad.  But Clinton is slick, you know.  Not only is he admitting taking money from the Chinese military, but he says it makes him a veteran.Another big ruling came down from our Congress today.  They decided not to make a mandatory drunk driving standard across the country. They were going to move every state to .08; they did not. ...  Each state can make their own drunk driving limits, which is causing problems, because like for example, here in California it is .08, but right across the border in Nevada, youre only legally drunk if you start calling old girlfriends.George magazine came out with a list of the 20 most fascinating people in politics.  Of course, President Clinton was on the list.  Lucien Goldberg wrote the story, she called Clinton -- get this -- the Wonder Bread boy of American politics. She said, He is slightly wet, pasty white and nutrient-free. I dont see President Clinton as the Wonder Bread boy.  I see him more as a loaf of rye -- a little bit seedy, and eaten by Jewish chicks.Powerball fever has gripped the nation. ... Twenty states have this lottery called Powerball, and the jackpot is up to $175 million, which is not exactly cigarette money. Thats pretty good.  And everyone is dreaming about what theyre gonna do with it.  Even President Clinton said today that if he had that kind of money, he would call China tomorrow and quit his job.(President Clinton) is in trouble.  Newt Gingrich is calling for a special investigation of his ties with China.  Also, Newt Gingrich -- get this -- today in an article, compared the Clinton Administration to the Jerry Springer Show. Im not kidding. And there may be some truth to it, because today Monica Lewinsky said she also slept with Roger Clinton.I think President Clinton may finally have found the scandal that may undo him.  Youre pretty upset about this China mess, arent you?  The House voted to bar the export of further satellite technology to China.  Both Democrats and Republicans voted for this.  So the Democrats are abandoning Clinton now.  He is very unpopular.  In fact, hes so unpopular now, Monica Lewinsky today said, Can you believe I ever went out with him?News from our nations capital.  Mayor Marion Barry of Washington, DC, said he will not run for a fifth term, which -- Oh, come on.  He did a lot.  He took a big city mayoralty and turned it into the nations highest office.President Clinton came down to the press conference yesterday, and he had a big gash on his forehead. Anybody else, they just go, So what? But with Clinton, they just have to find answers, and he said that he ran into a door.  And this week, on Sunday, the door is on 60 Minutes.Monica Lewinsky fired her lawyer, William Ginsburg.  Well, today he made his comment.  He said that he really wasnt fired.  He said he just went to Washington, did what he was asked to do, and then stepped aside when he was no longer needed.  And Monica said, Boy, do I know that feeling.The House turned down school prayer. ...  For the first time in 27 years, the House voted on this, it was a narrow vote.  They turned it down, they wanted to have an amendment...so we could have prayer in school.  ...  And the supporters are all ticked off. They say it is a sad state of affairs when the only time a kid prays is when another kid walks into the cafeteria with a rifle. President Clinton was meeting with Kim Dae Yung, the president of South Korea.  Very important meeting, and a very touchy meeting, too.  We didnt bring up the Asian financial crisis, and they didnt say to Clinton, Hey, I saw the pictures of your fat girlfriend in Vanity Fair.The Southern Baptists had their convention, and they declared that the wife in a marriage should submit herself graciously to the husband. And you know, President Clinton is a Southern Baptist, and he took this to heart.  He said to Hillary today, Remember, I drop the pants in the family.Clinton has his problems.  Monica Lewinsky now, they say, is about to negotiate with Kenneth Starr. ...  They are initiating talks to find out if she will cooperate with the grand jury.  And Clinton said he hopes they dont tell her she has pretty eyes, because thats how he got her to cooperate.Big news about President Clintons trip to China -- this is unprecedented. They said that when he goes to China in about a week...he will be able to appear on -- never happened before - - an American President on live television and radio, all over China.  He will also appear with the popular female pop group in China, the MSG girls.The Republicans killed the tobacco bill in Congress.  And, you know, they did it and I think they were right because...all that tobacco money would have gone to a new government bureaucracy, whereas the system we have now, it goes directly to the congressmen.President Clinton also made news today, saying he will not support the unionizing of the Secret Service.  They apparently want to be a union.  And he said no. I dont understand that, because their job with the President is to stand around and make sure nothing happens.  Doesnt that automatically make them Teamsters?Democrats are furious the Republicans killed the tobacco bill. ...  The Republicans killed it in a smoke-filled room.  Well, thats what they call it unofficially, the smoke filled room. The official name is the Marlboro Lights Congressional Lounge. Jimmy Carter, former president, is going to be put on a cliff in Israel -- his image, almost like Mt. Rushmore.  I guess because he brokered that peace agreement.  And in an even greater tribute in Italy, theyre thinking of naming their leaning tower after President Clinton. President Clinton is mad. ...  The Republicans in Congress voted to abolish the income tax, which is really a symbolic gesture.  Its not really going to happen. ...  Clinton condemned this.  He said it was superficial.  He said it was pandering.  And he said, Damn, I should have thought of it first.Newt Gingrichs sister is coming out with a magazine for the conservative woman. ...  Its called Todays Lady. And the article in the first issue thats going to sell is called Great Sex And How To Avoid It. President Clinton left on his big trip.  Moments ago...he left for China, most important trip of his Presidency. ...  Hes going to confront China on human rights, trade issues, and if the timing feels right, hes going to ask for a raise.Kramerbooks, where Monica Lewinsky shopped, is going to release her book records, and there are a couple of things that do not look good.  For one thing, Monica apparently did buy the Cliffs Notes for The Scarlet Letter.President Clinton, he is off to China.  Well, hes excited about it.  The Republicans of course, fought this trip, because when he goes overseas, they have to obsess about Al Gores sex life.But luckily, Linda Tripp came forward.  She said she has some hot recordings of Gore having phone sex with an ATM machine.Recently, weve been warned that God will wreak great vengeance upon Orlando, Florida, unless it stops catering to gays; that God thinks homosexuality is a disease, like kleptomania; that God wants wives to submit graciously to their husbands and Moses to lead the NRA.  These signs can mean only one thing: God is a Republican.Finally, this Ken Starr grand jury seems to be coming to a conclusion because they had their big witness, Linda Tripp, today.  We dont really know what she said, but we do know that she spent five days, over a hundred hours with prosecutors preparing for her testimony.  And it seemed to pay off, because every time she answered a question correctly, Ken Starr would give her a lump of sugar. This grand jury, they want to go home.  They have been there for 22 weeks, left their jobs, whatever they had, 22 weeks, and you know what they get for their trouble?  $40 a day, plus $3 transportation money per day, and a 8 X 10 glossy picture of Ken Starr signed, Keep on Truckin.President Clinton...is today in Shanghai.  And you know what he did?  He went on the morning radio show, Shanghai Today, a Morning Zoo show, where he took questions, gave a brief speech, and then he gave away satellite technology to the tenth caller.The Clintons are a world away, in China.  They are in Shanghai in the second day of some very important business meetings. They are talking about the environment, and (the Chinese) had a big dinner for (the Clintons).  Last night, Bill had the Peking duck with the water chestnuts, and Hillary had her usual -- the shredded brief.It looks like the Ken Starr grand jury is beginning to wind down.  Linda Tripp, the big witness, made her second appearance today.  We dont know what the questions were, but apparently they were pretty tough.  Because at one point, Linda broke free and ran from her trainer, trampling him.Ken Starr is probably sad, because hes had a bad week.  Susan McDougal was let off, yesterday Webb Hubbell, now Linda Tripp the big witness -- its winding down.  And Ken Starr was wistful today, he said, You know the next time I peek through a key hole at someones private life, I might be a private citizen myself.Linda Tripp appeared for the seventh time before the grand jury. ...  And the people around the court are getting to be like old friends with her.  Which means they can soon expect to have their personal phone calls taped and sold to the Feds.This must be affecting everyone. Hillary Clinton was in Pennsylvania today, at a session with kids.  She was reading stories to them, and she read the story The Three Blind Mice. And she ended it by saying, They werent really blind, they just chose to look the other way.Today, Ken Starr celebrated his 52nd birthday.  A congressman from New Jersey -- what a moron -- this guy sang on the floor of the House, Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Starr. And the Republicans all chipped in, and as a special present had Linda Tripp rewired.It is so hot in Washington, DC that kids today, who couldnt find an open fire hydrant, went over to Ken Starrs office and stood under the leaks.McCurry said he does not have any new jobs lined up, but if anyone needs a real good liar....Well, I guess you all heard the very big news from the Ken Starr investigation -- today he actually found a witch.It looks like the end game is at hand for this whole thing that weve been living through for six months, because today Monica Lewinsky met with Ken Starr and his team for a whole day at a secret location in New York City.  We dont know what she said, but things leak out.  Now, Monica -- unfortunately has a reputation for being a little trampy and a little dim. This is not gonna help, because today she demanded to speak to a hung jury.President Clinton, these must be tough days for him. As you know, over the weekend he became the first President to be served with a subpoena to appear at a grand jury.  He probably is going to have to do that, maybe as early as tomorrow.  Of course Clinton, you know him, hes trying to disguise this as something else.  His grand jury appearance hes now describing as a town hall meeting on sex in the workplace.And of course Washington, our Capitol, is still buzzing over the fact that there was a shooting there. ...  The person who did this, Russell Weston, he is becoming more and more known now.  Were finding things about him.  Apparently he had paranoid delusions about Bill Clinton.  So his condition has been upgraded -- to special prosecutor. People are coming by and giving flowers, putting them on the steps of the Capitol.  The Congress passed a resolution.  And all week long, President Clinton will be at half-staff.Our Senate Majority Leader, Trent Lott, today said that because of this shooting we dont want to see our nations Capitol changed too much.  He said, We want to increase security, but what we dont want is an armed compound, because Janet Reno would probably burn it down.General Motors and the UAW have a deal.  Boy, this has been a long time coming.  And all the 500,000 members of the UAW have to do is admit they had sex with Clinton...Capitol gunman Russell Weston was mad at Clinton because he thought Clinton was responsible, get this, for the JFK assassination because there was a love triangle between Clinton, JFK, and Marylin Monroe.  This is crazy, preposterous, nuts - - but Ken Starr thinks he can make it stick.Well, if you havent followed that controversy, theyve made the movie of Lolita with Jeremy Irons.  And they finally showed it tonight on Showtime.  I thought it was a terrific movie about an adolescent girl who seduces a middle-aged man, and then the guy winds up in jail.  Ken Starr called it the feel-good hit of the summer.Today is the fourth anniversary of Ken Starrs investigation.  Four years this has been going on.  And people have been saying, What do you get for a man whos got nothing?Well, Bill and Hillary were, over the weekend -- as Im sure you saw -- on Long Island staying with Steven Spielberg, working on his new screenplay, Saving President Clinton.Just to show you the kind of trouble the President is in -- while he was on Long Island he stopped by and got some legal advice from Joey Buttafuoco.The whole thing apparently hangs on whats going on with this dress, which everyone is thinking about (but) no one wants to talk about.  In fact, there was a very uncomfortable moment at one of the fundraisers where President Clinton said that the Democratic prospects for the fall had him very excited, and everyone adjusted their lobster bib.That is apparently what is occupying Washington is this issue, amazing as it may seem.  And today many of the people in Washington came out and said President Clinton should basically come clean, which if he could do, there wouldnt be a problem.But the White House said today no matter what the DNA tests...show, President Clinton stands by his original story and so does his new lawyer, Johnnie Cochran.Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Rehnquist said (Clinton) and his White House lawyers do not share attorney-client privilege, that those lawyers work for the people, and not the President.  And he was even more hostile to Clintons other idea, that Monica is somehow covered by priest confessional privilege, because she did what she did when she was kneeling. Bill Clinton went to Capitol Hill today...to meet with leaders of the Democratic Party, sort of a mutual pep talk, everybodys a little nervous. It was the first time he had gone to the Capitol since that horrible gunplay a couple weeks ago.  And there was one embarrassing moment, when a reporter asked President Clinton what he thought about that horrible shooting.  And Clinton said, I cant talk about the dress.In the White House, they had a briefing -- President Clinton did -- in the situation room, about terrorism.  And then they went to the Oval Office, which is called the sticky situation room.Just to add insult to injury, Ken Starr gave (Clinton) a Raggedy Ann doll and said, Show us where you touched her.President Clinton has ordered a US military strike, and we did it against sites in Afghanistan and the Sudan, against the terrorists for bombing our embassies.  And immediately Ken Starr attacked this.  He said it was just Clintons way of signaling Monica Lewinsky that shes the bomb.Well, predictably, the people we have attacked have attacked back with words.  The Taliban in Afghanistan called Clinton a Godles infidel. Unfortunately, that doesnt quite have the shock value it used to have.  And then, to rub it in, they accused of him of having an inappropriate relationship with Satan.The good news is apparently we have done some real damage to terrorist bases and their networks, and maybe, they said, also to their morale, which is very important.  But if that doesnt work, Clinton is prepared to call on Hillary now to give them the silent treatment.Now, Im sure this is just a coincidence, but Monica Lewinsky was back before the grand jury today.  Im sure just, you know, one of those scheduling things.A very important story in the paper today said Democrats -- this is not good for the President -- are starting to distance themselves from him.  The Minority Leader, Richard Gephardt, called his actions reprehensible and talked about impeachment.  And Al Gore, the Vice President, today said that he only knows Clinton socially.The President wants to see (Ken Starrs report), because there is some stuff in here that is very racy, and they want to get it out slowly, so people arent shocked.  Apparently, the last two hours of Monica Lewinskys testimony -- Im not kidding, folks -- the last two hours are so dirty, Ken Starr would only allow female lawyers and stenographers hear it.  Im not kidding.  And he also placed his penis in a blind trust, which I think is appropriate.The Democrats are also starting to distance themselves from the President to a great degree.  Several of them made very stinging speeches or remarks about him, and Al Gore came to the White House the other day and parked around back. Just to show you how this whole sex scandal is affecting everybody, House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt now wants to be called Richard.This is sort of embarrassing for President Clinton because the first encounter he had with (Lewinsky) came on a day where he just had finished signing a proclamation for Family Week.  Then what happened was she showed him, she flashed him the thong bikini.  No kidding.  This is in the report.  Thats what got him interested -- flashed him her thong, which was doubly embarrassing because he had just been telling a bunch of kids to stay away from crack.Apparently they had, according to this, ten different sexual encounters, not sex by his definition, but, you know, by peoples definition.  And also had a lot of phone sex.  And apparently he told her, Look, if we ever get caught with the phone sex, because they can sometimes monitor phone calls, just to say that we knew they were monitoring us and it was just a big put-on. Thats what he told her.  And also, all the times that he was getting oral sex, just a big practical joke on Ken Starr.Apparently President Clinton skipped church yesterday and that has eyebrows raised.  But Clinton says he will not go back to church until the Supreme Court gives him the line- item veto for the Ten Commandments.It was kind of a stealth visit (Clinton) did.  Fundraising, as usual.  Doing the work of the people, fundraising he was.  He was at a home raising money with a lot of celebrities, including Madonna.  Yes, she said she went because she wanted to meet someone whos had sex with more Cubans than she has.Well have to wait till Thursday, but they announced today, the Judiciary Committee, 4,000 pages are gonna be released, on Thursday, of transcripts, mostly of the Linda Tripp/Monica Lewinsky phone conversations. ...  You know, apparently, according to rumors, they show how insensitive Linda Tripp could be.  Because, for example, after the cigar incident, Linda called up Monica and said, Do you have Prince Albert in the can?Clinton met, this morning, with Yasser Arafat, pressed him for concessions.  And Arafat pressed Clinton for details about the time he brought a Jew to her knees. Another member of the Clinton Administration went on trial today.  Mike Espy, former Agriculture Secretary, took $35,000 worth of gifts. ...  And if they cant get him on this, they have evidence that Monica wasnt wearing a hair net.Today, Mike McCurry, President Clintons press spokesperson for the last three years, did his 539th and final briefing today.  He is going off to play golf from now on. And, yes, his final briefing was on the air.  It will be reshown this week on HBO under the title Im Lying To You For The Last Time.Congress has voted to go ahead with the impeachment inquiry and Republicans refuse to compromise in any way on limiting the scope or the length of the inquiry.  But they did say that if it got monotonous, they would be more than willing to skip ahead to the dirty parts.President Clintons law school reunion -- he went to Yale law school -- is coming up.  And he said he is not going to go.  Apparently, they sent him those, you know, hokey name tags that said Hello, Im -- and he wrote in sorry. The Clintons anniversary, wedding anniversary was yesterday.  Hillary was in Bulgaria.  Im not kidding about this.  That sends a message, doesnt it? That Id love to be with you on our anniversary, Ive got to be in Bulgaria, honey.She posed with children in the street and handed out boxes of chocolates with Clintons signature on them.  Thats true.  She actually handed two kinds of chocolates, the regular kind and her favorite, without nuts.I kid the President.  He is still the President, right?  You have to check this on pretty much a daily basis.Folks who are close to Clinton said that there were warm memories of their wedding day 23 years ago when the minister said, Do you take this woman to be your wife? And Clinton said, That depends on how you define do.100,000 People are going to show up at a farm in Georgia because apparently the Virgin Mary, they believe, is going to give a final message to a woman who has been talking to the Virgin Mary for seven years.  And just to protect herself this final time, Ken Starr is making her wear a wire.I feel so sorry for this man, Salman Rushdie.  A couple of weeks ago he thought he was free.  Remember, they lifted the Fatwa?  Well, now, not only is it back on, but theyre raising it.  The big jackpot now stands at $2.8 million.  Theyve raised the amount.  And for an extra $25,000, Paula Jones says shell look at his penis.Were trying to sell the American people on this war in Kosovo. ...  Clinton said today, You know how nice it is that were sending John Glenn back into space?  Well, we thought one more war in Europe would really cheer up Bob Hope.The news reports are saying that Monica Lewinsky has a boyfriend.  Shes suffered enough.  Its about time she got a little payback, you know.  I hope hes being good to her.  Apparently, his name is Chris Burns and he is from Australia -- a doctor from Australia named Chris Burns.  And I think the moral there is, you know, you start with the Presidents cigars -- end up with Burns from down under.Clinton said today he thought by putting them together, making Netanyahu and Arafat live together, they would gain a sensitivity to each others needs and a respect for each others culture. But he said, On second thought, it never really worked on that MTV Real World either. Paula Jones has now raised her demand again.  She wants $2 million.  She wants $1 million from Clinton and $1 million from Abe Hirschfeld.  And Clinton, personally, they said today, nixed it.  He said, No way. And his lawyers advised him, they said, you know, persuading Paula Jones to lower her demands is going to prove very difficult, because in the past hes had trouble getting her to go down.A big battle that starts today was in court, the Microsoft battle.  Im sure you all, if youre using computers, use Microsoft products.  And this is gonna be a big battle.  Its gonna go on for months.  Its a typical government case, though, really.  They say its about abuse of power, but what theyre really doing is looking into windows.The big story is still the Middle East peace talks going on in Maryland.  Apparently, they are getting very serious, because Bill Clinton canceled a fundraising trip. ...  Clinton did not go to California, he was supposed to come here today.  But he did send a note to the fundraisers, saying, Ill be a little late, bribe amongst yourselves.Welcome to day seven of President Clinton held hostage. Its true.  You know, these peace talks have been going on down there in Maryland. ... Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, his birthday was today.  They celebrated. They brought out a birthday cake and then they spent nine hours arguing how big a piece to give Arafat.Each day I come out here, I think Im going to be able to report to you that theres peace in the Middle East but once again, they did not achieve it so far.  President Clinton went back there.  Hes spent about 60 hours now with the two Middle Eastern guys.  Apparently, its a very elusive thing.  And these guys, the negotiators, did not expect to be there that long.  I know that because today, the towel on Arafats head had the name of the hotel on it.Today was a very dramatic day there down in Maryland because Netanyahu actually, literally packed his bags at one point.  They said it was a negotiating ploy.  Said he was going to walk out.  He said he was going to walk out.  Then he said he was going to stay.  Then he issued an ultimatum.  And then he retracted the ultimatum. And Clinton, at one point, just threw up his hands.  He said, My God, this is like dating Monica again.Speaking of that, Ken Starr defended himself today. ...  Saying, you know, that the people who were saying that he had overreached his bounds, they say.  He said, No, not in any way. He said, Thats a bumper sticker argument. I dont know what that means, but it -- bumper sticker?  But he has a bumper sticker on his car that says My other investigation is not about sex. Hillary weighed in on the thing.  Of course, shes out campaigning.  She is the Campaigner-in-Chief. Thats what they call her now, because Clinton cant do it because, you know, they boo him.  Its true.  So she goes out and campaigns.  And she said that whats going on in Washington is a sideshow. A circus sideshow. And she may have a point, when you think about it.  The people involved -- Ken Starr, Linda Tripp, Monica Lewinsky -- a geek, a fat lady and sword swallower.People smell cash.  They are marketing all the John Glenn stuff.  They have toys out there.  They have prints.  They have jackets.  And Depends has a new one -- new version with racing stripes on it, which I think is tasteless.We mentioned this last night, the $10 million ad campaign the Republicans have launched against President Clinton because the election is coming up. ...  The one I saw had two women, I guess soccer moms, talking in the living room and one of them at the end says to the other, What did you tell your kids? Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Ken Starr -- was secretly replacing their regular coffee with a tiny microphone.Well, for years people speculated that Thomas Jefferson was the founding father of at least one of his slaves, Sally Hemings, children.  Well, now it is true.  The DNA results have come back. They did DNA tests.  Jefferson is the father of his slaves child.  Proving the affair with the DNA was the simple part.  Now comes the hard part, trying to get him to lie under oath about it.Well, the last poll before the election came out today and it looks like they say the Democrats, they say could shock their opponents.  They were supposed to lose badly cause of the scandal.  But they say they may make big unexpected gains, not since 1934 has the party holding the White House won seats in the midterm election.  Of course, back then, the oral sex usually followed the election.Obviously, the President and the Democrats feel the key to their victory is the African-American vote, because for the last four days, that is all Clinton has been doing is spending time with black folks.  Hes has been out at all the churches with them.  He went on the Black Entertainment Network.  Hes been smoking menthols, everything.Yesterday, he went on a show with Kweisi Mfume, the head of the NAACP, Maya Angelou and Cicely Tyson.  And to just drive home the point, they kept referring to him by his rap name, M.C. Hummer.Newt Gingrich was at the 49er/Green Bay Packer game in Green Bay, and I think he was out there in the parking lot with the rally.  He should not, by the way, Newt Gingrich, do rallies at a football game.  Because every time the director asked for a shot of the blimp, theyd go to Newt.The Democrats won big. ...  The question now is, How do the Republican losers explain it to their children?All the pundits are saying its one more example of Bill Clinton bouncing back when he is in a precarious situation.  He is the comeback kid. In fact, Al Gore said it is not surprising.  He said the President performs best when his back is against the wall.Apparently one of the big keys to the election was getting out the African-American vote.  The Democratic National Committee spent an unprecedented amount getting out the black vote.  Boy, do you get the feeling the Democratic Party now is kind of like an inner city grocery store, Asian owned and black supported.Some of the Republicans are blaming that high black turnout for their big losses.  In fact, they want to appoint a special prosecutor to see if Clinton rigged the NBA strike so there would be no distractions.You have to give credit to President Clinton though, because I mean, come on, they predicted he would be out of office by Thanksgiving and its Newt -- and now they say Trent Lott, the majority leader might have to go.  And as usual with President Clinton, hes still standing while everyone around him is going down.We are not at war with Iraq because Saddam Hussein backed down after he got everything he wanted again.You know what I hate is that we declare victory.  Its not a victory, he got everything he wanted. ...  Heres the victory -- Saddam Hussein can still go on making chemical weapons, weapons of mass destruction, biological weapons, sarin nerve gas, botulism and anthrax, but from now on they all have to carry a very stern Surgeon Generals warning.Andrew Morton, who wrote Princess Dianas biography and will now write the Lewinsky book, says he only hopes to do for Monica what he did for Princess Diana -- turn a slut into a national hero. They already have a title for Monicas movie.  Its called. I wore what you did last summer.You know who (is) giving advice to President Clinton on how he would have handled this?  Woody Allen. ...  He said he would have admitted the whole thing on television, then told the nation it was none of their business and then married Chelsea.President Clinton did a big fundraiser in Washington.  ...  Raised $350,000, a lot of money, from the gays and lesbian coalition.  And they should be thankful to him.  Because by proving that oral sex is not sex, he gave them something they could never have -- their virginity.Tom Hanks gave $10,000 to the Presidents defense fund.  Then a few days ago, he was quoted in an interview saying he sort of regretted that because he heard about the affair after that.  Now he says its okay, hes glad he gave the money to the President and that he is very much behind defending the President or anybody elses sex life -- or as he calls it, Saving Private Lying.Republicans said they have heard zero facts and zero evidence from the Clinton team about his activities, and the Democrats shot back, That was always good enough for Hillary.Clintons lawyer brought out a dictionary because they were trying to say, basically, that he didnt commit perjury, technically.  And they said most dictionaries define sexual relations as intercourse.  And he also pointed out thats also the way its defined in the Presidents favorite reference book, The Joy of Legalistically Accurate Sex. Clinton-Lewinsky is the big issue.  The minor issue is apparently Hughes Aircraft has been selling ballistic missile technology to the Chinese. ...  I think the government should investigate.  Because when a major defense contractor is giving a Communist superpower the tools to destroy America, it could be a cover for adultery. Well, speaking of covering things up, Iraq is at it again.  Once again, they blocked our arms inspectors from going in there and looking.  And we are getting fed up. ...  We said to Saddam Hussein, we said, What part of meaningless threat dont you understand?We have ordered air strikes, President Clinton has, against Iraq.  Big news.  And to think, just hours before, he was the one who was in danger of being blown into oblivion.The air strikes started at about 1:00 AM Iraqi time.  They did it at night to lower civilian casualties.  And they did it at 1:00 in the morning in case the civilians got hit, they wouldnt really feel it cause it was right after the bars close.Yes, it is the official name of the operation is Operation Desert Fox. Which is better than the other name they were bandying about, which was Operation Impeach This.Impeachment has been postponed, which looks bad.  They were going to railroad him, but now the railroad isnt even on time.But the Republican leaders did send President Clinton a letter today saying they have to get the President of this country (Saddam Hussein,) out of office, so they are sending Linda Tripp to Baghdad with a wire. This is Monica week.  On Wednesday, shes doing the Barbara Walters interview.  On Thursday, her book comes out.  And people have already read excerpts from this.  They say its very surprising.  They say its a very level-headed account of what went on. .  Which is strange, because Monica usually blows everything out of proportion.Paula Jones is starting -- I couldnt make this up -- a psychic hot line.  Im not kidding.  Paul Jones has a psychic hotline for $3.99 a minute.  Or for an extra $800,000, shell go to a hotel and read your penis."Now, another great lady is in the news, Madeleine Albright.  I love her.  She is our Secretary of State, and a tough one.  She is in China giving them what for.  They have sent her there to China, and the Republicans are already hinting that this is Clintons way of giving the Chinese the technology to produce old Jewish ladies."I know why youre happy today.  Its because the Census Bureau has announced theyre gonna do sampling. ... This is a big political fight now they said theyre gonna do sampling, where they do just sampling.  Mostly, they say, in the inner cities.  Which makes sense, cause they invented sampling. In New York City, there has been a big controversy because they shot an unarmed black man a couple of weeks ago.  So now they announced a drive to attract more minorities to the New York police. ...  And I dont think the slogan is going to help -- If we cant beat you, join us. In other legal news, President Clintons defense fund, his legal defense fund, doing very well.  Over $5 million theyve taken in.  Apparently because, partly, an effective fundraising letter that they have sent out with a sweepstakes-style envelope.  It says on the top, You may already have been lied to.People are talking about the fact that Monica has just hired a top public relations agent who is also representing tobacco companies, which -- no, this is true.  Because of Monicas history with cigars -- this is, they say.perhaps a conflict of interest.  But the guy said there is no risk of cancer in the way she has been using them. Although it does make your panties smell like Milton Berle.Monica said that during the time they were together he went out of his way to say things to her like, Hey, you look like you lost weight. He said to her, You look skinny today. Now, if Ken Starr could have tricked him into saying that under oath, a perjury charge that might stick.I think shes a very pretty girl.  And you know what?  It was interesting, her hair was just the way the President remembered it, pulled back.Sometimes her choice of words betrayed her.  Like at one point, she apologized to Hillary and Chelsea.  But she shouldnt have phrased it his way.  She said, Boy, did I end up with egg on my face.President Clinton is out of the country. He is in Latin America. These trips are always tricky for President Clinton, especially in Latin America. Because, you know, south of the equator you have to spin whatever youre denying counterclockwise.The Drug Czar, Barry McCaffrey, has announced that they have a new drug theyre testing now that fights cocaine addiction, and theyre testing it on monkeys. And he said its available and open to any monkey who is addicted, realizes hes hit rock bottom and is sincerely committed to making a change in its life. Theres nothing sadder than a monkey with a monkey on its back, ladies and gentlemen. Winter storms; Clinton-Central America; Chinese esponage; Senate- sweepstakes.Well, it just got worse. They have fired Wen Ho Lee, a Chinese-Taiwanese scientist at Los Alamos.  They think he may have been passing the secrets on. And theyre accusing President Clinton of being soft on espionage. I tell you, poor President Clinton, if it isnt one ho getting him into trouble, its another. Dole-2000; Diet supplement; Breast cancer; Internet-alcohol; Winter storms. Monica Lewinsky is going to attend the Oscars.  And why shouldnt she?  She is certainly responsible for one of last years most talked about releases.News quiz -- can you name the politician with his biggest foot in his mouth today?  Al Gore. Have you heard about this.  Over the weekend, he basically said that he created the Internet.  (Laughter) Im not kidding.  So he is being mocked everywhere. Trent Lott mocked him in the Senate by saying he invented the paper clip.  And then Strom Thurmond pulled out the patent for fire.And over at the White House, President Clinton, also of Irish roots, he wore a green tie, just like everyone does.  Of course, the Republicans jumped all over this. They said this was a signal to Monica Lewinsky that he wants to have a three-way with Cathy Ireland.Al Gore yesterday said, My father, I love this, he was talking about his past, he said, My father taught me how to clean out hog waste with a shovel, how to clear land with an ax, how to plow a steep hillside with a team of mules. And then Steve Forbes came in. He said, Thats nothing. My father made me mop up after his gay orgies. Amtrak crash; Balloonists; Sleep-cars; Smog study; Oscars.Well, I hate to report bad news, but it looks like the Balkan tinderbox is about to go up again. President Clinton said today that we are prepared to start bombing Serbia immediately.  Im sure we all have theThis is gonna be a long, sustained attack (on Serbia).  And President Clinton said he regrets it, but hes gotta do what hes gotta do. He said, I am not a man who likes to use force. Usually a couple of drinks do the trick.Our House of Representatives voted 424-1 to support the troops. One person, Barbara Lee. voted against it. .  She said she thought that Clinton, by bombing Yugoslavia, was cheating on Iraq.Trent Lott.came out against this. He said, Its kind of funny that Clinton is suddenly against ethnic cleansing when just months ago he ruined that Jewish girls dress.Now, Hillary Clinton and Chelsea, theyre in Egypt. Theyre touring the tombs and temples today. .  One awkward moment, as there often is.  .  Chelsea said to Hillary, Whats the curse of the mummy? And Hillary said, She has to hold everything together when daddys out getting laid.I feel bad for the President. Hes got all these problems to deal with.  And the reports out today said that he had this horrible allergy attack over the weekend. In fact, the steward at the White House found so many used tissues, he thought he was dating again. New details coming out about the war.  .  Slobodan Milosevic.it came out today that he has been using.his personal police detail for ethnic atrocities, which is vindication for President Clinton.  President Clinton said today, To think I felt guilty using mine to line up chicks.President Clinton.is proposing that there will be new hate crime laws for anyone who commits a crime against someone for their sexual orientation. Heres how it would work.  If someone just said, This is a stickup, thats just a robbery.  But if they said, This is a stickup, you fairy, okay, now, thats -- thats a hate crime. Unless its in a bathroom, and then its just George Michael having a little fun.President Clinton is serious about this air attack. He is going to go through with this. He said the other day, Our plan is to persist until we prevail. And then he said, Anybody who doubts my resolve, just ask a couple of those Jane Does.Monica Lewinsky is doing a book tour.  Shes in Norway, or as she calls it, Lapland.From on top, President Clinton paid almost $90,000 in taxes. Pretty impressive.  He made $504,000 -- $504,109 last year.  Thats pretty good. And that does not include what he got under the table, if you know what I mean.You know the old saying, theres two things that are certain -- actually, theres three things that are certain. Death, taxes and Darryl Strawberry getting busted for coke.Are you watching the war? .  Its not going too well at this point.  Now, we accidentally bombed the people we were trying to save.  Not a good idea.  And Clinton today said hes trying to get the pilots to be a lot more careful. All warplanes now have a bumper sticker on the tail that says, Hows my bombing?Dan Quayle has kicked off his presidential campaign. .  He said his goal is to end the dishonest decade of Clinton and Gore.  He said, you know, if at any point in his presidency, what he says doesnt match up to what he does, its not cause hes a liar, its cause hes stupid.President Clinton requested another $6 billion for the war, $5 billion for the Kosovo military operation and $1 billion for what he called relief. And of course, the Republican Congress said, What do you mean by relief?Apparently, Congress is not gonna give him all the $6 billion he wants.  Hes looking for other ways to raise money.  Among them, hes thinking of having Elton John do a catchy song.  But Elton could not come up with a rhyme for seems to me you lived your life like a Kosovar ethnic Albanian refugee.Now, Hillary Clinton is always in the news these days, and usually because she is in New York.  She says she doesnt know whether shes running, except that shes there every other day.  She was at an elementary school in New York examining frogs with third graders today.  And apparently shes still bitter about the Monica thing, because she told one of the kids that one of the frogs was named Monica because it had its tongue on a fly.And you know she was also in the news today because a new book is coming out tomorrow about Hillary Clinton, which says, among other things, the juiciest tidbit in it is apparently that Hillary, the book says, banned Barbara Streisand from the White House because she thought she was having an affair with the President.  In fact, she knew something was up when she saw the President sneaking out of the Lincoln Bedroom one night and saying, I just nailed down the Jewish vote and the gay vote. President Clinton requested another $6 billion for the war, $5 billion for the Kosovo military operation and $1 billion for what he called relief. And of course, the Republican Congress said, What do you mean by relief?Apparently, Congress is not gonna give him all the $6 billion he wants.  Hes looking for other ways to raise money.  Among them, hes thinking of having Elton John do a catchy song.  But Elton could not come up with a rhyme for seems to me you lived your life like a Kosovar ethnic Albanian refugee.Now, Hillary Clinton is always in the news these days, and usually because she is in New York.  She says she doesnt know whether shes running, except that shes there every other day.  She was at an elementary school in New York examining frogs with third graders today.  And apparently shes still bitter about the Monica thing, because she told one of the kids that one of the frogs was named Monica because it had its tongue on a fly. And you know she was also in the news today because a new book is coming out tomorrow about Hillary Clinton, which says, among other things, the juiciest tidbit in it is apparently that Hillary, the book says, banned Barbara Streisand from the White House because she thought she was having an affair with the President.  In fact, she knew something was up when she saw the President sneaking out of the Lincoln Bedroom one night and saying, I just nailed down the Jewish vote and the gay vote. But the latest is the Serbs have released a phony tape. We think its phony, cause we can hear Linda Tripp eating in the background. .  No, they have a tape of a NATO pilot.  You know, we did make a mistake and we blew up some refugees, okay.  But theyve doctored the tape, and they have this tape of us.  It sounds like ordering -- us, NATO, the good guys -- to blow up tractors.  And let me tell you something, our pilots do not blow up tractors.  We blow up ski lifts.President Clinton is serious about seeing this through.  He said yesterday, he said, There are literally lives hanging in the balance. And Al Gore said, Tell me about it.Hillary was at a school the other day, and she was talking to the kids.  And she was reading with them the story of Androcles and the lion, and apparently shes still holding a little bit of a grudge against the President.  Cause she got to the point where the lion, you know, has the thorn taken out of his paw, and she said, Well, you know, the moral here is everything will just be okay if you can get rid of the prick.High school isnt real life. Its just four years of embarrassment and boredom and pettiness, where nothing much happens, sort of like the Carter Administration.And finally, the NRA, our friends, yeah, made a comment today, said theyre gonna scale back their convention, which theyre planning in Denver, in sympathy for what happened.  And theyre also backpedaling a little on their slogan, which is now, Okay, so maybe guns kill some people.There actually is some violence that did some good, if you think this Slobodan Milosevic is the bastard I think he is.  We blew up his house.  Did you hear about this?  NATO did.  Boy, talk about big government getting into peoples bedrooms, I tell ya.And hes mad.  Of course, he got his house blew up.  Hes mad.  He promised a counterstrike against Clinton.  He said, Im gonna get Clinton where he and his loved ones sleep. So theyre planning a strike on a Holiday Inn in Bethesda.I know why youre in a good mood.  Cause youre watching TV and our enemies, the Serbs, they cant anymore.  We knocked out their TV station.  Thatll teach them.  You commit genocide, no TV, young man.And we did it on Sunday night, which is especially cruel because thats the night that they show their favorite Serbian sitcom, Homeland Improvements.New information is coming out about the awful tragedy in Colorado.  They found the diary of one of these young boys. They apparently planned a lot more than just to hurt the school. They were planning to hijack an airplane and crash it into New York City.  Wow.  And Mayor Giuliani said, You know, if they had done that, innocent civilians would have been killed -- and thats the job of the New York City police Department.President Clinton spoke about this over in his weekend radio address.  He said we must end the culture of violence in America. He said for years now, hes been trying to replace the culture of violence with the culture of cheap, easy sex, but he cant do it alone, folks, he needs your help.President Clinton, coincidentally, proposed a lot of new gun-control proposals today.  What a shock.  Among them, requirements to get background checks at gun shows.  You know, its easy to get a gun anywhere.  But apparently, at this gun show, you just go up and say, Hi, Im a gun enthusiast. So he wants background checks at gun shows.  Heres an idea.  If your idea of a good time is going to a gun show, youve already failed the background check.Now, heres what passes for good news in these times. The coroner report came back on the two assassins from Littleton. Neither one of these shooters had drugs or alcohol in their system.  Nancy Reagan must be so happy.  Her message is finally getting through to the kids.Well, yesterday was a big day for one of our former presidents.  George Bush had the CIA headquarters named after him in Langley, Virginia.  Isnt that exciting?  It is now the George Bush Center For Intelligence. .  Now, Dan Quayle was supposed to go over there and attend the ceremony at the CIA, but he got confused and went to Ikea.Well, Dan Quayle has weighed in on the issue of the day, about the shooting.  He said, Its not the guns. Its values. Which is probably true.  I remember once I was in a bank when it was being robbed and the gunman handed a note to the teller that said, Give me all the money, I have a value.I guess the name on everybodys lips today is Jesse Jackson, because he got those POWs out -- wait a minute, before you applaud, because that is controversial.  Some people criticized it.  I will add my voice to that in a minute when our panel comes out, but, among the criticisms are the White House, they are not happy with Jesse, they think he may split public opinion by doing this, NATO fears that it may weaken the alliance, and Tony Orlando is ticked off because, you know, a hostage crisis is the only way his songs ever get played.The President is gonna see (the released POWs) in Germany when he goes over there in a couple of days.  He, of course, is very glad that theyre free. He said today hes happy about their release, but, then again, hes happy about any early release that cant be used to impeach him. The president had a big state dinner last night for the Japanese Prime Minister. There was a little bit -- not a big diplomatic snafu -- but a little one, because.at the black-tie dinner, President Clinton extended his hand to the Japanese prime ministers wife, and, because shes of her custom in that area of the world, she bowed, didnt see his hand, and so didnt accept it.  See, thats the difference in the two cultures -- the Japanese first lady looks down.  The American first lady looks the other way.Wow, thats pretty exciting. Over the weekend, Jesse Jackson goes over there and is able to arrange, negotiates the release of those three American hostages in Yugoslavia.  Pretty impressive.  Nice job. I actually think maybe now Im going to have Jesse take a look at my CBS contract.Ive seen (CBSs mini-series) Noahs Ark and I want to tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, this is the single loosest interpretation of the Bible since President Clintons grand jury testimony.Our top story, some good news out of Yugoslavia.  Reverend Jesse Jackson negotiated a deal for the release of the three US servicemen being held hostage in that country.  The soldiers say they are extremely grateful to Reverend Jackson but would still never vote for him for president.  Asked about the release, Slobodan Milosevic said, A man came from outer space, I had never seen anything like him before, he took the soldiers with him. On hearing the news, a NATO spokesperson said, Our bombing is working. The only snag took place when the three soldiers refused to board the airplane which would take them home because the in- flight movie was A Night At the Roxbury. Senator McCain asked that the Republicans back a bill by him, which they refused, that said Clinton should use all necessary force to win the war in Yugoslavia. He said, I know you dont like President Clinton, but he called on the Republicans to separate the man from the office.  To which they said, Uh, weve been trying to do that for six years. Well, President Clinton.will meet with the three released POWs, who, I think, will enjoy meeting the President.  He says, They embodied the American dream -- which is to goof up so bad at work that you end up on TV.Clintons trip to Europe has touched off protests in a lot of countries about our policy and our bombing. In fact, in Madrid, Spain -- this is true -- five Spanish women stripped naked in the tax office there in Madrid.  Now, its hard to say what stripping naked in a tax office has to do with the bombing, but they sure know how to get Clintons attention.You know, I hate talking about people when theyre not here, but the audience last night, oh, man...what a load.  Nasty, ugly. Yeah, halfway through the show, they demanded to be rescued by Jesse Jackson. Well, President Clinton had his big meeting with the POWs there Germany. .  And he bonded immediately with them because who knows more than Clinton about getting caught?The actual new Star Wars film opens in two weeks. That is, unless, Jesse Jackson can get it released earlier.Both Clintons today are meeting.the Kosovar refugees. .  Hes in Germany, shes at Ft. Dix, New Jersey. .  Hillary met with the Albanian refugees, the first ones to arrive here.  And, you know, they are a proud people.  .  And they said they dont even mind if they have to continue camping outside, just as long as nobody confuses them with the losers in line for the Star Wars movie.Hillary was very brave.  She said to them, We will not let Mr.  Milosevic succeed in keeping you out of your home. She said, Theres no way you shouldve been kicked out of your homes; its not like your dumb-ass husband lied to a grand jury. Meanwhile, Clinton is in Germany.  .  He gave medals -- six medals each -- to our three POWs who were released.  Yeah, they got six medals -- not for the 31 days they were in prison, for the three hours they had to hug Jesse Jackson.Amy Fisher finally got her parole. She will be released next week.  She is a free woman, after seven years in prison, for the little crime of shooting a woman in the head.  And she made a cheerful speech today, thanking the parole board, and made a tribute to Monica Lewinsky for keeping the flame of sluttiness alive.Jesse Jackson is on the program, and hes here tonight to make an announcement that he had absolutely nothing to do with Amy Fisher getting out of jail.Our buddy President Clinton is in Germany.  Earlier today he delivered his Iich bin ein philanderer speech.Well, the big story is still our little boo-boo with the Chinese embassy.  .  And the Chinese, apparently, will not take our apology at face value.  They will not accept it from Clinton. The guy wont accept his phone calls over there in China.  And it came out today that the Chinese, only today, broadcast Clintons apology that he made several days ago, on Chinese television.  And of course, everything nowadays has to be a television event. They made it a two-hour look-back at Clintons apologies through the years.The Serbs, boy, they got their nerve. They are saying now that the refugees who have been streaming out of Kosovo for the last two months.they say these refugees are really actors hired by the CIA. .  Now, I dont believe that these refugees are actors.  However, the NATO troops, who are standing by and doing nothing, certainly could be Teamsters.They reported today that NATO had its best bombing day yet in the war. .  They hit five Mig-21 airplanes, knocked out those; we hit five air fields, destroyed eight bridges.  Unfortunately, one was the Golden Gate.You know theyre trying to impeach Yeltsin now?  Theyre charging him with the instigation of the Soviet collapse and also genocide against the Russian people cause the economy is so bad over there.  Yeltsin, not worried.  He says, These are the kind of bogus impeachment charges you get hit with when youre too drunk to have improper sex.Bill Clinton was.at a meat market -- dont make your own jokes.  .  And he told this story about how Boris Yeltsin -- apparently a true story -- he said, Boris Yeltsin once offered him a roasted pig -- I guess they were in Russia, or Arkansas, I dont know -- and cut off the ear of the pig and invited Clinton to eat it.  Clinton said he was nonplused.  He said to Yeltsin, Maybe you havent read the papers in the last year, but, if anybody knows about taking a pig by the ears.CNN pointed out, over and over again, that most Americans still cannot find Serbia on the map.  But, then again, neither can NATO.Now, the Chinese are still mad at us about the bombing of the embassy.  But, they said, now they want a more detailed apology, they want a further investigation, and, get this, they want Clinton to fly over there to Beijing and go to the zoo and give the pandas some tips on mating.They are so mad at us, the Chinese, that they are -- this is true -- they are pulling American movies from the theaters there.  They pulled Private Ryan, they pulled Mulan -- all the American movies are going out of the theaters. They also -- interesting -- moved the Broadway performance of Cats from public television to the food channel. Hillary is in Ireland. Did you know that?  Shes finishing up a tour there. She.tried to meet with Sinead OConnor, who, now, I understand, is a priest.  Did you know about this? Which the Catholics are upset about.  Remember what she did with the Pope?  Well, thats Hillarys plan -- she hopes to get next to Sinead OConnor and have her tear up some Whitewater files.Hillary is finishing the tour in Ireland.  She defended her husbands policy. She defended her husbands actions. She was met by protest.  But she has defended Bill Clinton. And, then, apparently, she was asked about Irish rock groups, cause somebody said, Hey, Hillary, whats the deal with U2?Were spending a whole week here in London. We were supposed to do the show this week in Australia, but were using a NATO map.Bill Clinton, he had a scare today.  Did you see this?  He was in Los Angeles leaving on Air Force One.and almost hit another plane. They had to take evasive action on board. All the safety procedures were advised. Luckily, the flight attendant on board already had her head between a pair of knees.Our top story, scary moments in the crowded skies over Los Angeles this weekend. While en route to Los Angeles airport, Air Force Ones alarm sounded, causing the pilot to veer suddenly to the right to miss an errant Brazilian jetliner and then to the left to miss an errant NATO missile. .  The sudden maneuver knocked the stewardess off the Presidents lap.Clinton raised several million dollars for the Democrats (in LA), but the night wasnt a total success for the President.  Daryl Hannah didnt fall for his popcorn trick.Monica Lewinskys book, the cleverly titled Monicas Story, has been put on bargain tables nationwide, having lost its popularity after intense interest.  Hmm.  Not unlike its author.Over New Jersey, Air Force One comes within 1,000 feet of another aircraft, a near mid-air collision. Its just amazing. It was a tough day for Clinton. And then when he lands, a baggage handler had lost an intern.NASA, our space agency, announced today that they are starting an institute to look for intelligent life in outer space.  That cant be a coincidence. They said they really dont expect to find any really advanced life, like the aliens in Star Wars, but they might find some primitive, uninvolved life forms, like the people standing in line for Star Wars.And heres another interesting scientific fact that emerged today -- researchers have looked into how many times President Clinton touched his nose -- Im not kidding about this -- during his grand jury testimony.  Apparently, there is a link between how many times you touch your nose and how much youre lying. They said he touched it 26 times in a minute.  At least they think he was touching his nose.  He may have been smelling his finger.The United States Post Office has printed 100,000,000 stamps of the Grand Canyon. .  Well, on the stamp it says, Grand Canyon, Colorado. .  The problem is, its in Arizona, you see?  And I say if you dont know what state the Grand Canyon is in, you should not be delivering the mail. You should be making maps for NATO.Speaking of NATO, our Congress.has voted $15 billion to support this war in Kosovo. But, of course, just as the Americans always do, they added what they call pork. .  On the Kosovo bill, they added money for research on reindeer -- just in case Milosevic enters into a strategic alliance with Santa.Now, Hillary Clinton was there last weekend, and she has now spoken out about her experiences. She was in Macedonia with the refugees, and she said she heard harrowing stories about families torn apart and homes destroyed.  And her first question was, Monica was here?In New York City, it was almost 100 degrees. They are desperate for something cold and icy there.  Suddenly, Hillary Clinton looks pretty good.Back at the White House, President Clinton, moving on the domestic front, had a big conference on mental health with both the Gores and the Clintons there, encouraging, among other things, mentally ill people to come forward and not to suffer in silence anymore, or as President Clinton put it, Dont be afraid to expose your nuts.There were temperatures near 100 in Washington, D.C.  Ill tell you how hot it was. In one building, they blew a transformer, and nobody had the energy to make a Monica Lewinsky joke. President Clinton made news. He is wanting the people who run movie theaters to require people, young people under 18, to show a photo I.D. now when they go into an R-rated movie.  This is his plan to stop all the violence.So kids will show their photo I.D.s.  He said, If the new security plan works at the cineplex, were going to start using it at our nuclear weapons facility.It was still hot in Washington.  In fact, several Republicans, it was so hot, refused to get into bed with the NRA.Theyre already squabbling in Hillarys camp over how best to get her elected to the Senate in New York. They dont think that the old White House fundraising tricks are going to work in New York, because, you know, how many fat cats are going to pay to sleep in the Lincoln Tunnel?This past week, Congress voted to hang the Ten Commandments in schoolhouses across the country as a way of deterring more school shootings. Next week, they plan on combating e coli contamination by firing meat inspectors and saying grace.A new candidate has officially declared -- Elizabeth Dole on the Today show. Well, she made it official on the Today show, which is an odd place. . They asked her why you picked the Today show. She said its probably the favorite program of womenOld ladies who wake up00 in the morning.Because Bush is so far ahead that the other candidates are reduced to trying to get him on nothing because he says nothing. So you know what theyre carping on? The fact that he mixed up Slovakia and Slovenia.  How many know Slovakia from Slovenia? Two countries in Europe, and he apparently mixed them up. But, you know, he clarified it today. His party-boy past is catching up with him. They asked him, Do you know now Slovakia from Slovenia? He said, Yes, Slovakia has gin, Slovenia has vodka.Well, a man in Nebraska, who was on death row, will not be executed because of a new state law that bans execution of anyone with an IQ below 70. This is true. And after hearing this news, Dan Quayle immediately flew to Nebraska, killed the guy, and shouted, Ha-ha, you cant touch me.Bush commented on his (fundraising) achievement, saying, This is only the beginning. I havent even started to solicit from the Chinese.Political analysts now believe that the presidential campaign will soon be a two-way race between George W. Bush and the skeletons in his closet.I know youre sad, because you know what happened today? They killed health care in the Senate. This is the big issue thats probably gonna be on your agenda when you go to vote. But the Republicans did not like what the Democrats were suggesting, which was that you could sue your health- care provider. And they said that will not happen, because the Republicans said, you know, the idea -- the sound of suing the pants off an HMO sounded way too gay.And speaking of candidates on the stump, George W. Bush made news today. He said that he is going to forgo federal matching funds. This guy is such a fund-raiser. So many people have given him so much money that he told the government, Stuff it, I dont need your money. Hes not gonna take matching funds. He may not even campaign at all. In fact, today, it looked like he was kissing a baby. Turned out, it was just a lobbyist had wrapped a blanket around his ass.Finally, I guess this was inevitable, a company in San Diego has come up with -- you guessed it -- a home pregnancy test for dogs. To no ones surprise, the spokesman is Paula Jones. Okay.You can only buy now in California one gun a month! We are cracking down. Boy, thats -- there is some gun control. But one a month, what are people gonna do -- at Christmas?Now, this is not sitting well with everybody. Charlton Heston, today, walked to the state line, parted Lake Tahoe and led his people into Nevada.Very sad news -- Newt Gingrich is getting divorced. I know. As usual, he does everything ass-backwards. I tell you. Newt, first you get divorced, then you lose the house.President Clinton had a big press conference -- his longest one in a long time. 69 minutes. Im not making that up. That is what the media reported. He was on stage for an hour and nine minutes there. He said it was a great feeling. He said the last time he answered so many questions, he was under subpoena.Now, one of the interesting parts of the press conference, the President said that when he leaves office, he wants to just return to civilian life. He says he wants to be Joe Citizen. thats what he said. He wants to be Joe Citizen. And they asked him why he picked that name. He said, well, John Q. Public is a little clich?.And even he knows he shouldnt refer to himself as Joe Blow.Up in Marthas Vineyard, intensive search and recovery efforts continued, but no traces of journalistic integrity were found.They did point out in the media today that this Woodstock had - - 99% of the kids there were white, middle-class and very male also. Which may have been why, you know, they started the old chant, gimmie me an f -- and the kids spelled out Forbes.Out here, we have lovely summer weather all the time. But, in much of the country, they are suffering through a heat wave. Unbelievable. In fact, audiences at Bill Bradley campaign speeches now are often sleeping in the nude.A scandal involving Al Gore, because Al Gore had a campaign photo op this weekend in Connecticut where he was rafting -- you know, he was on the river. And it turns out that the officials released 4 billion gallons of water into the river so that his canoe would not get stuck. In the middle of a drought they did this. Thats true. Now, this just shows you how boring Al Gore is, because his Whitewater scandal actually has to do with whitewater. Of course, what most people are concerned about these days in America is the heat wave. . Its apparently just unbearable. There are parts of the south now that are so hot that Republican congressmen are going into gay bars just for the cold stare.You know, the Republicans have been pushing this tax cut, and Clinton has been fighting it. And, today, he and Hillary were there to marshal some evidence, and one of the things they were saying was that women rely more on Medicare, so dont cut that, they said. They rely more, more women do, because the average woman lives longer, has a lower income and sometimes becomes so desperate that she has to move to another state just to run for the senate.Now, while the President was doing that, they -- apparently, workmen were in his office because they announced today they installed a second hot line to the Kremlin in Moscow. . Of course, when they do that, they have to give code names for the chiefs of state, and its very interesting the coincidence. Turns out, because Yeltsin loves the booze, of course, and because the way Clinton has sex in the oval office both their code names turned out to be Harvey Wallbanger.It is so hot in the east, in the south. In South Carolina, it was so hot today Strom Thurmond thought that Satan had broken the deal and put him in hell.In Arkansas, the city fathers there are voting today whether they will rename a city street after Bill Clinton. They want a street there called Bill Clinton Street. And Hillary is very much against this. She said she doesnt want to be riding a bus there some day and wind up getting off on Bill Clinton.In Iowa theyre having this big straw vote next week -- like who cares? . billionaire Steve Forbes. Okay. Well, heres the controversy. They say -- his opponents say, now -- that he has hired, get this, temp workers from the area to vote for him, paying them $7 an hour to come in, buss em in, and vote for him. And his opponents are saying this is no good. They say, for one, its sleazy. For two, anyone who pays temp workers 2 bucks over minimum wage is no Republican.It was so hot at the White House, that humming sound that Clinton tells everyone is the air conditioner, actually was the air conditioner.It was so hot today. that Hillary Clinton was asking about Senate seats in Alaska.It was so hot today.Jesse Jackson was avoiding the limelight.It was so hot today.George W. Bush was kissing a lobbyist on the ass, and it was an air kiss.It was so hot today.that people were deliberately thinking about Bob and Liddy Dole having sex just to give themselves the chills.It was so hot today.Marion Barry had sweat in his crack.You know, we spend a lot of time in America talking about young people. Our magazines and movies romanticize them. We celebrate them. Our President has sex with them.Its the 25th anniversary of Watergate. . Today was the 25th anniversary of Nixons resignation, and a lot has changed with the Republican party since then. For example, a lot of todays family values -- Republicans back then were still on their first wives.President Clinton today gave the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Jimmy Carter. Isnt that something? He paid a great tribute to Jimmy Carter. He said, Carter made it okay for presidents to have lust their hearts. I just took it to the next level.Overseas, another president has made big news. Boris Yeltsin. fired his fourth prime minister in 18 months. He says he doesnt care what people say, hes gonna find one, if it kills him, who is competent, dedicated and can make a decent martini.This countrys still sweltering. Not as bad as it was last week, but today, President Clinton, for example, declared 34 counties in New York state to be disaster areas because of the drought. He said he is very sympathetic with these farmers in the drought areas because for the last year or so, hes gone through a bit of a dry period himself.Now, Ken Starr, I thought Ken Starr had gone away. But hes not gone away. He is not. I didnt even know this until today. He has not issued his final report. Gee, he said it will come out some time before the 2000 election. Translation, just in time to screw Hillary.I dont understand. Ken Starrs had five years. We still dont have a final report. Stephen King in the same time, has written 11 books while getting hit by a van.The other politician in the news today, George W. Bush. . you know, hes running for president. Hes the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party. . Well, he bought a ranch in Texas today, 1,500 acre ranch. Worst photo op Ive ever seen in my life. They got a picture of him holding the for sale sign.I know why youre excited today. Because President Clinton gave the medal of freedom to Gerald Ford. And what a day in our - and didnt he just give it to Jimmy Carter the other day? I guess hes kissing ass with the ex-presidents because hes gonna be going to funerals with them soon.Actually, there was a little animosity between President Clinton and Gerald Ford because, you know, for one thing, Clinton got all this flak for almost inhaling, you know, and Ford, the whole time he was in office, he was tripping.The California Senate here is voting on whether to put Ronald Reagans face on a license plate. Now, nobody said -- Im not kidding about this. And nobodys face, nobody, not Lincoln, not Washington, nobodys face has ever been on a license plate. They wanna put it on a license plate. If it passes and you get it, you will also get the Reagan bumper sticker, which says Tell me about my grandchildren.Now, the other controversial thing, Talk magazine, the interview with Hillary Clinton. Have you seen about this? Its been, apparently, so successful and gotten so much buzz, they had to print more copies of the new Talk magazine because people wanna read what Hillary was saying. She was talking about her husband, the President, and his infidelities. And apparently, the theme of it that the infidelities were sort of part of the norm with him. In fact, at one point, it got so bad that when he got caught, hed just call it having a bad whore day.The Mustang Ranch closed yesterday. . The most famous brothel in the world in Nevada had problems with their back taxes or something. President Clinton himself did everything he could to save the Mustang Ranch. He even declared it a federally protected wetland.The Kansas Board of Education has done it. . They have voted to delete evolution from their curriculum. . Heres their reasoning. They said, Were not gonna teach evolution, because it cannot be observed or replicated in the lab. . You dont need to have the lab to see that this is true, because, for example, look at our government. Strom Thurmond, all hunched over. And then just a couple of generations later, you have Bill Clinton always walking erect.Warren Beatty.is thinking about throwing his hat into the presidential ring. This is a big story. Yeah, Warren Beatty. Can you believe? An actor for president?Of course, already the critics are jumping on this. They said hes untested. Thats the word they use in politics, hes untested. Warren shot back today, he said, Thats not true. I was tested right after I stopped dating Madonna.Now, the Republicans and Democrats are already fighting about the repercussions from this latest shooting we had out here in L.A.. The Democrats say this is cause for more gun control. Silly. The Republicans say they cant understand how a Jewish center wasnt somehow protected by hanging the ten commandments."Monica Lewinsky who keeps saying she wants to be private (but) somehow pops up in the news every week, was in the news today. She was going on line to sell bags. She makes bags. She apparently during her convalescence during the scandal when she had to stay in, she knitted and made bags, now shes gonna be selling them over the internet online, which I think is the perfect forum for her, because she was seen leaving her house today with .com all over her dress."The results of the Iowa straw poll. . The results are in. George Bush bought the most votes.Nine Republicans participated. One has already dropped out. They said it was a sham because there was a carnival atmosphere, where they bought votes. Steve Forbes, the rich guy, for example, had a tent with clowns.  Im not kidding - slides and trampolines. He said that was not to buy votes, it was just to distract Quayle from campaigning.The big question today, George Bush, the big winner. Of course, he comes under the media spotlight. Theyve been snooping around in his past.  They think he did cocaine a lot when he was younger, okay? The New York Daily News asked all 12 Republican candidates about cocaine. 11 denied it. George Bush said, no comment. So I dont know what his past is. I do know there is one advantage to having a presidential candidate who does cocaine, because during the debates when he listens to Al Gore, itll sound like Al Gores talking at normal speed.Over on the Democratic side, you see what the Clintons were doing this weekend? They were house-hunting in New York state, of course, where Hillary wants to be a senator, allegedly. Thats right. Yeah, they were in Westchester County looking - they looked at six different homes. They liked some of them, didnt like some of them. In one President Clinton liked a lot, there was an awkward moment. The real estate agent said to him, Maybe youd like to put a small deposit on it. And, you know, for him - how many remember what he did to that girls dress?Do you know about this, the Cassini space probe? Its something NASA put up and its powered by plutonium, so there are many critics, they said, because if they miss, it would slam into Earth and kill us all. . But it did not. It went out past the atmosphere. Thats the good news. The bad news is it means now were all gonna have to live through an election between George Bush and Al Gore.Interesting today, back-to-school time. President Clinton, . I think, today, unveiled his new public service announcements, which are urging parents to talk to their kids about violence. And they think these will do very well, because theyre airing them during pro wrestling.Texas today, listen to this, executed its 99th, 99th - theyve killed 99, under George W. Bush, the compassionate conservative. Im pro- death. Im all for killing. but people have said, you know, George, youre a compassionate conservative. youve killed 99 prisoners. Thats an awful lot. He said, Well, I realize that, but, you know, Ive gotta fry em now in case that Y2K bug messes up my electric chair.I would like to be the first to wish our President, President Clinton, a happy birthday. . He is 53. He is getting up there. Although Hillary said today, you know, he apologizes like a man half his age.Now, theres a controversy among the Republican side. A Utah senator, Robert Bennett, made a comment about George Bush, the Republican frontrunner that was very politically incorrect. And this, apparently, will not die. . What he said was, he said, George Bush is gonna be the Republican nominee unless a black woman comes forward with an illegitimate child he fathered. . And George Bush had a strange comment about that. He said, You know, Ive made some mistakes, but none of them are named Jamal.The eyes of the world tonight are on the country of Turkey. Did you see that awful earthquake that happened there? See, theyre putting on a brave face. It is, they say, one of the worst natural disasters in this century. Not only is the human toll staggering, but they say it may take weeks to resecure the flow of drugs to the Bush campaign.I think George Bush -- every day they are pestering him -- today, he cracked a little bit. He said he had not used drugs - illegal drugs in at least 25 years. Thats where he got -- they got him to go back that far.  Now, I dont know how removed he is really from the drug culture because he said he hadnt used since 1974. And then he added, And back then, an ounce was an ounce.American Airlines, boy is their face red. . They are in been big trouble, because, apparently, they were smuggling drugs. And Miami police are arresting about 50 people for smuggling drugs in through American Airlines. I tell ya, this just isnt George Bushs lucky week, is it?Now, the other disappointing story today is from the FBI. Apparently, they were not completely honest about what they did down in Waco. Remember Waco six years ago, that little fire? Okay, well, apparently, they used flammable tear gas, which they said they didnt, and now they said they did. And Janet Reno, the Attorney General, is furious. She is so mad, she sounds like an angry, bitter Republican.She said today, she said, You know, its not the incinerated 80 people, its the lying about the incinerated 80 people.Warren Beatty, as you know, has been talking about running for President. Well, they did a little research, and they found -- this is not good news -- 1% -- only 1% of California Democrats would vote for Warren Beatty. And thats -- thats gotta hurt him, because, you know, he slept with over 10%. Bill Bradley declared for president. . He said he is officially running for president. And he said he knows the odds are stacked against him for that office, but then again, he was a white guy in the NBA. If he can beat those odds he might have a chance.(AL Gore) said today that in Texas, Governor Bushs state, he said one- fourth of the children lack health care. And Governor Bush fired back. He said, That may be true, but over half of them have guns.As of tonight, President Clinton is on his way to New Zealand. He is there for an Asian conference. As of tonight, he is the most traveled president ever. He has gone to more countries and more places. And in 2000, they say, he may continue his streak. He may go to Antarctica and get this, Vietnam. He may travel to Vietnam. The hookers there are already practicing. Theyre practicing saying Me have inappropriate relationship long time.Tonight was the MTV Video Music Awards. Now, it was very different. They had it at the Metropolitan Opera House this year. And they had all the stars dressed as different opera characters. Janet Jackson was Cleopatra. Kid Rock was Julius Caesar. Im not kidding. David Bowie was Mephistopheles. And there was a special cameo appearance by Monica Lewinsky as Madam Buttonfly.They said today, Saddam Hussein in Iraq is building a theme park with roller coasters. . And they say its very different from the American theme parks, the Iraqi theme park, because it kills visitors on purpose.It happened again. Dont boo me. I didnt go into a church and shoot people, but somebody in Ft. Worth, Texas, some nut did that yesterday, went into a Baptist church. Charlton Heston, however, asked me to point out that this never would have happened if the minister had been armed.And our Congress, right on the case, never missing a beat. Today, members of Congress insisted that churches begin posting the Ten Commandments.Well, speaking of the presidency and those who might want it, Pat Buchanan.hes got Hitler trouble again. . His book came out, and he said, Hitler, not so bad. He said, you know, If we hadnt provoked him, he would have left us alone. We shouldnt have messed with Hitler. Yeah, Pats scandals are a little different than other politicians scandals. For example, he admitted he experimented with drugs, but he said, only on prisoners.George Bush is in trouble again. . Yesterday, The Washington Post reported that, besides his other problem, you know - that he apparently avoided the draft by using a powerful politician in Texas who is the Speaker of the House in Texas. Bush defended himself now. He said no, he showed up for his physical. Its just that his nose was declared 4- f.President Clinton vetoed that big tax cut. . There was a big $792 billion tax cut. He had promised to veto it. He did it today. He said it was too big and too bloated - not that that has stopped him before.The government, the Clinton Administration, also filed a huge lawsuit against the tobacco companies. And, right after that, Joe Lockhart, Clintons spokesman was asked, Hey, you filed this lawsuit against the tobacco company, but doesnt the President use cigars? And Joe Lockhart had to admit that the President still does. And poor Monica, not to just get dumped by him, but then to find out during a press conference that hes still seeing other women.I know youre probably bummed out because Dan Quayle dropped out of the race. . Dan Quayle dropped out. He had been running for president. . He said it was all about money. He said - this is his quote, he said, George W. Bush has raised $40 million. Ive raised $4 million. You do the math. Thats what I love about Quayle. You dont need a punch line.The other story is Pat Buchanan now is apparently going over to the Reform Party. Hes apparently quitting the Republican Party. . And the Republicans are very mad at him. Rich Bond.got mad at Buchanan today. He said, Hes an egotist, a bigot and an anti-Semite. And Buchanan said, Its a little late for compliments, pal.Now, over on the Democratic side, our President over the weekend had his annual physical. President Clinton had a five-hour physical. And hes okay. Thank God. But they said hes put on 18 pounds since his last physical, which was not a surprise to his staff. They said they knew this because every time.hed go in the Oval Office, his belt would be unfastened.Today, very important day in our nations history, the annual White House prayer breakfast. They do this once a year where the President tells clergy members which of the Ten Commandments hes going to follow this year.And this year - this happened today, very moving. He was talking about forgiveness, because of course, in the last year, he needed a lot. And he got a lot. And he went on and on about the forgiveness he got from his family, from his associates, from citizens across the country. In fact, he got on such a role about forgiveness, he even mentioned Monicas sorry ass.At the breakfast, he pointed out that he continues to meet with his team - you know, hes got a whole team of spiritual advisers. He does. Jesse Jackson is one of them, Tony Campolla. He has a whole team and he meets with them. He says theyre great because, for one thing, they counsel him, they pray with him. And theyre not afraid, if necessary, to turn the garden hose on him.Linda Tripps suing the government. She says they smeared her reputation by using confidential records. I know, its a little ironic, isnt it? Turns out these confidential records include Pentagon personal files, FBI files and also in there was a letter from Richard Simmons saying, Im sorry, honey, Im not a miracle worker.Pat Buchanan apparently looks like he may be leaving the Republican Party and joining Ross Perots Reform Party. . Hes been meeting with Perots people. And there are problems between Pat Buchanan and Ross Perot because, remember, Perot used to talk about the crazy old lady in the attic. Buchanan thinks it might be Anne Frank.Over at the White House.President Clinton.gave the National Medal of Arts to some people in the arts, including Aretha Franklin and Norman Lear. . One embarrassing moment, Janet Reno walked in and Norman Lear went Maude!Gary Bauer.had to call a press conference to deny he was screwing around. Thats what the rumor is. Had to say, No, its not me. He blamed the rumors on Steve Forbes, his rival. Apparently, Forbes is also behind the rumors that Buchanans a nazi, Bush is an empty suit, Quayles a moron and Liddy Doles husband has to take drugs just to bang her.Al Gore, talked about his wife Tipper Gore and said when she was 16, she had an all-girl garage band where they smoked pot, listened to the Grateful Dead and were caring liberals. . In fact, Tipper loved the Dead so much, she married Gore.John McCain, also out there for the Republican presidential nomination, made a speech back in Washington where he talked about his five years in a Vietnamese prison camp. And Warren Beatty said, You think he had it bad, I dated Madonna.Al Gore has reinvented himself. Did you hear this today? Yes, hes moved his campaign headquarters. You know, he was a little bit in trouble in the polls. So they moved out of Washington -- you know, where all the insiders are -- to Nashville, Tennessee, his roots. ... And apparently, this had the encouragement of President Clinton because, last week, Gore went to Clinton, and he said, You know, I think I can still win this thing, and Clinton said, Get out of town.Clinton apparently has thrown his considerable weight behind a Supreme Court ruling that is going to come down about Hawaii. ... The Supreme Court is going to rule whether there should be special treatment for native Hawaiians. Clinton apparently loves the Hawaiians. He said, anybody people who would go so far as to use a volcano to discourage virginity are okay with me.Hillary Clinton...is in Poland. Shes there to celebrate ten years of democracy that theyve had there in Poland, also, by the way, to promote her new book, It Takes A Village To Screw In A Lightbulb.It looks like Donald Trump is going to run for president. He had closed- door meetings with Jesse Ventura all yesterday. . And when he came out, Trump admitted he didnt really want to be president, he just wanted to meet a wrestler who could get his phone number to Sable.Al Gore opened his new campaign headquarters in Nashville. You know, he moved out of Washington to Nashville because hes reinventing himself. I think hes taking this reinvention thing too far because he showed up today in a wig and a little goatee and calling himself Chris Gaines.Its the world population day. . Six billion people today. . This is not good news. . Although Pat Buchanan pointed out that the numbers wouldnt be half as high if we had just butted out and let Hitler kill everybody.Yesterday, the Clintons had their 24th wedding anniversary there at Camp David. They celebrated, as they do every year, a traditional quiet candle-lit apology.Gore needs a big boost because the new polls in New York state show that Gore and Bradley are in a dead heat. The dead, I understand. Heat, I dont know.Gore has introduced a new program, its sort of a variation on one of Clintons old themes. He has vowed to end charisma as we know it.The other bad news for Gore is that George W. Bush is doing even better. . Hes doing even beer because Republican voters have shown that they like the fact that George W. Bush has been criticizing his own Republican Party in Congress. Now, leaders of the Republicans say Bush may be cutting off his nose to spite his face. Others say he may be cutting off his nose to get rid of the evidence.The Senate rejected the nuclear test ban treaty. . This is, they say, President Clintons biggest rejection of his entire career. Not counting the ones that happened in hotel rooms.This is a very important treaty that the Senate turned down. They said in Washington it was all politics, it was all partisan, because they hate him. They hate Clinton so much, that this is what they did. Apparently impeachment didnt work, so they went to Plan B, total destruction of all life on Earth.Monica Lewinsky, her father is very angry, he is demanding an apology from NBC because on the show SpecialLaw & Order,.a character refers to getting a Lewinsky. . He says its not fair that Monicas being portrayed this way. I think hes being a little too touchy. He also is mad at Hawaii 5-0 because one of the cops is named Chin- Ho.Ken Starr has finally stepped down as independent counsel. Today was the day he officially stepped down. Boy, his eyes filled up. He said, I promised myself I wasnt going to leak, but he did.Hes very cheerful with the staff there. They swore they would keep in touch and meet once a month for lunch and talk about Clintons penis.George Bush running for president. . New book came out. Today, it hit the stands, I guess. . they said in the book that in 1972, George W. Bush was arrested for cocaine use. I tell you, this guy did something in the 70s. The 70s are not his favorite decade. I dont know what went on then. but not only that, it turns out that his entire military service turns out to be a brief stint in the Kiss army.The government has issued new rules on how organ transplants are allocated. . President Clinton said the current rules are not good. There are too many people on a waiting list. Clinton said, This is a serious problem, and there are some people who are waiting years to get an organ inside them, and, my God, Im only one man.George W. Bush in the news again. Apparently he has added a youth zone to his website. Get this. But hes explaining (presidential politics) through baseball metaphors. Thats the youth zone. . For example, he explains Republicans are like the National League, the primaries are like the playoffs. The elections like the World Series. And their candidate is like Darryl Strawberry.Al Gore was campaigning at a day-care center today where he claimed to have invented nap time.Kids always want to know whats important to them. They asked Gore what he thought about Pokemon. He said, Im not going to comment on Clintons sex scandals anymore.I appreciate you putting on that brave face because I know youre probably upset today. Liddy Dole has dropped out of the presidential race. Your hearts are broken. I will try to get you over that, yeah. Poor Liddy Dole. She said she was just unable to continue and dropped out, which ironically are the same reasons her husband Bob endorsed Viagra.Now, this is historic because its the first time that two presidential losers have been married to each other. Boy, and you thought that family in American Beauty was tense.Researchers have been trying to find out why women -- richer women, women with higher incomes, have a higher incidence of breast cancer, and they think theyreit may be exposure to dry-cleaning chemicals. Finally, some good news for Monica Lewinsky.America, were told, is a land where anybody can grow up to be President. But I think even Betsy Ross would have added, Yeah, but for Gods sake, not Donald Trump.Yes, Donald Trump, a man who earned his money the old- fashioned way, he inherited it.wants to be president, even though his main accomplishment to date is being New Yorks only non-Jewish landlord.Now, Donald, you do know were talking about a real job here. This is not commander-in-chief fantasy camp.To be a viable candidate, Trump would need a running mate less substantial than himself to make him look presidential. May I suggest the guy with the giant head from the Jack-in-the-Box commercials?Folks, lets get serious. If the presidency was just a joke, wed let Steve Forbes do it. If we wanted a businessman with a bad haircut, wed get Perot or Gates.If we were going to hand it off to a celebrity, wed get an A-list celebrity like Warren Beatty, not a guy who judges at the Miss Hawaiian Tropic contest.It used to be that when a celebrity wanted some extra attention, theyd write a tell-all book or crash a balloon or commit statutory rape and run away to France, but now theyre all running for office.  And not just any office -- only the very top job will do. Cybill Shepherd wants the power to order a first nuclear strike. Hey, whatever happened to, I really want to direct? Honey, this is Washington, not Hollywood. You cant sleep your way to the top. Maybe you can.If name recognition was all that mattered, the next time theres an opening on the Supreme Court, we should appoint Pokemon.And yet, tragically, the truth is Trump actually represents a third partys best shot at defeating the Republican candidate. After all, whos more experienced at going up against the younger Bush?We have a birthday today. The first lady, Hillary Clinton was 52 years old today, had a big party, blew out the candles. Made some wishes. One awkward moment. Someone asked her if Bill gave her anything. She said, Well, the test results are not in yet.Another guy whos all fired up, Bob Dole. You know his wife, Liddy, dropped out of the presidential race this week. Bob Doles mad. He blamed a lot of people. He said his wife was not taken seriously as a presidential contender because she was a woman. He said the media, they would all have these stories about her, and they would all begin by describing her matching outfits, her hairstyle, the color of her nails. He said, You know, when I ran for president, they never said that about me and it really, really hurt!I guess you heard about the big slap over the weekend. George Bush failed his pop quiz. . You know, they asked him who was the leader - would you know this - of Taiwan, India, Pakistan and Chechnya? He only knew one. He knew President Lee of Taiwan. Even that he sounded kind of silly. He said, Everybody doesnt know some world leaders, but nobody doesnt know President Lee. He didnt have to think about it that much, you know, nobody doesnt know Sara Lee.President Clinton was on the Internet for the first time in his life tonight. Ninety minutes. This first time hes ever done this, he said he really had no experience with computers before this or modems or megahertz. He said, Well, not exactly. Once, Monica accidentally bit him. You talk about mega hurts.He was actually quite charming, the President, because he said, you know, he doesnt know much about computers, because he and Hillary still do it the old-fashioned way. He said, they still exchange little notes, just like they did when they first met. Of course, now theyre called depositionsPresident Clinton did today what all presidents do on Veterans Day. He put a wreath on the tomb of the unknown soldier which made George W. Bush very nervous. His aides had to tell him, Look, nobody knows who this guy is!There is an internet auction site that went online yesterday for a set of silverware that was owned by Adolf Hitler. . The highest bidder, of course, Pat Buchanan.Pat said he didnt want it for his private collection. Hes gonna start a new chain called the Hard Reich Cafe.The Republican Party has its first openly gay mayor. The mayor of Plattsburgh, New York is openly gay. And, of course, gay Republicans are a little different. He is calling for hanging the Ten Commandments in the schools but only if theyre well hung.What really is concerning America now is Pokemon. . This broke all sorts of box office records this weekend, and it caught the politicians by surprise, because the conservatives havent figured out which Pokemon is gay. And the liberals havent determined if the orange and blue Os are underrepresented on TV.George W. Bushs book comes out this week. His autobiography telling all about his life. Its called A Charge To Keep. . Now, what everybody wanted to know was about his drug days and when he was young, because thats what they know about him, but nothing in the book about that. The most he says is he admits to some of the excesses of youth of my time. The closest I canit means not only did he do coke and drink, but he slept with Mick Jagger.The President is out of the country. . Hes on a ten-day trip. . And this makes him the most traveled president in our history. Hes been to 63 different countries. He has been out of the country overseas more than any other president in our history. And this was reflected, by the way, in an exhibit at the Clinton Library called If its Tuesday, this must be Helga.Finally the Supreme Court is hearing arguments today about student- led prayer at football games, whether you can do that at a high school football game. The kids lead in prayer. Half the justices support the first amendment right to speak and worship as you please. Half of them are more for the separation of church and state, and Clarence Thomas says, Anything that gets cheerleaders on their knees.China has finally come aboard -- we signed this big trade agreement with China, 13 years in the making. Clinton said this is great news, because China, a nation of a billion people who still think Michael Jackson is cool, you know theyre gonna buy Oldsmobiles.Actually, the Clintons are together, Bill and Hillary. They are in Turkey and theyre on tour there of the ancient ruins, and now theyre gonna go to Greece. And they are planning their itinerary together, gonna be in Greece together -- a little friendly discussion, it was overheard. Apparently.Hillary Clinton thinks they should go to Crete because she said Bill would fit right in with the Cretins.And Bill shot back and said, No, maybe youd feel more comfortable on the island of Lesbos.Jesse Jackson, you know, hes in Decatur, Illinois, fighting that fight for those school kids who just got into a fistfight and got suspended. Well, he was arrested today in Decatur, and he does not like that. He has a terrible fear of prison, or as hehieny town.It is great to be back in New York. And you folks have really changed, cleaned up this city. I tell ya - you got rid of the drug dealers, and apparently you replaced them with bookstores. Hey, if you didnt want George W. Bush to visit, why didnt you just say so?We actually finally have a budget. The haggling is over for 2000. . Thats actually a big thing. The Republicans in Congress said now that they have put impeachment concerns aside and put the budget aside, they can get back to what they do best, deciding whos gay.The Treasury released new money, new fives and tens with new pictures -- big pictures of the president. And already the presidential candidates this year are divided over them. Gore wants to recycle them. George W. Bush wants to, you know, roll them up. And Steve Forbes wants to keep flushing them down the toilet.Donald Trump has actually opened up his presidential campaign. Hes campaigning out there.with his Slovenian, supermodel girlfriend. Thats always a nice touch when youre campaigning with the common man.I dont know how far hes gonna go. The reporter asked him today what his stance on abortion was, and he said, Well, you know, I find it personally distasteful, but hey, it beats a paternity suit.Now, the Clintons, Bill and Hillary are.in Turkey going to Greece, and there are protests in Greece for them, also in Afghanistan. In Afghanistan they.burned Clinton in effigy over there. And then to really rub it in and to be cruel, they set up a Monica Lewinsky in effigy trying to blow him out.New rules about injury-causing workplace conditions. They say work employers have to make things better . So immediately, to set example, President Clinton had his desk raised.President Clinton, who yesterday was in Florence, and today is in Sofia. Im not kidding. This man is writing his own jokes now.John McCain, running for president, POW for five years, war hero. Okay, now, theres a whispering campaign going on. He had to release his medical records today to fight this, saying that, well, maybe because he was a prisoner in Vietnam, ooh, hes cuckoo, you know, because they have flashbacks and Vietnam vets and all that stuff. . George Bush jumped on the bandwagon. . He said, If the next president is gonna have flashbacks, it should be from drug use.China has entered the race. . They put a spacecraft into orbit.  They said the purpose of their space program is to seek out new life, and new civilizations and then sell them counterfeit copies of Windows 98.Hillary Clinton has made it official. She had a press conference or she was somewhere and they asked her the question, if shes running for the Senate. She said, Yes, the answer is yes. I intend to run in New York. Then she added, Thats for those who havent noticed in the last six months me running around with a Yankee cap kissing Jewish ass.She will be pandering a little to minorities. She said the first thing she would do if elected was try to get Danny Glover a cab.Now, her husband, President Clinton, remember him? Hes finally back home tonight in his bed or at least back home. . His last stops were in Kosovo and Bulgaria. Bulgaria not one of the richer, more well to do countries. They tried to give him a state dinner. Boy, at the buffet, the ice sculpture was in the shape of a cube.This presidential race is really heating up and getting nasty. Do you know what the Republican National Committee did? They put up a billboard right across from Al Gores headquarters in Nashville with a picture of Gore hugging Clinton and quoting Gore saying, One of our greatest presidents, because Gore said that about Clinton. . And to retaliate, the Democratic National Committee put up a billboard opposite George Bushs headquarters with the caption Got coke?Boris Yeltsin rushed to the hospital. . I dont think people realize the gravity of this situation. Its as if one of the worlds two remaining nuclear superpowers is being run by Liz Taylor.New book by Gail Sheehy called Hillarys Choice, about Hillary Clinton. It says she said she had an addiction and it is her husband, Bill Clinton. And Hillary today, she used the George W. Bush defense. She wouldnt indicate whether or not she was really addicted to Bill Clinton, but she swore that she hadnt done him since the 70s.The WTO, that is the World Trade Organization, they are having their big meeting. 135 countries, protesters from all stripes of the political spectrum, dont like this organization. They attacked a McDonalds. They attacked a Nike factory. They disrupted the opening ceremonies completely. And what you missed from that, IllCeline Dion and a chorus of sweatshop children with their tribute to NAFTA.Monica Lewinsky talked to Barbara Walters the other night. She said that she is dating again. . She said shes dating a comedy writer. Wow, I tell you, with those two, its just one gag after another.They asked (George Bush) what he thought about Clinton addressing the WTO. He said, I dont follow wrestling.Actually, George W. Bush, who has a big debate this week, his first one coming up, he is in big trouble because apparently he has a bad environmental record down there in Texas. The Sierra Club is showing ads this week showing how he has an abysmal environmental record. It says Texas leads the country in air pollution and toxic chemicals. And Bush said today, Ive been meaning to do something about that, but I had to get myself clean first. Im sure you heard over the weekend, that Hsing Hsing, the giant panda, died. . Of course, in Washington -- he was at the Washington zoo - nothing happens without ugly rumors. Ken Starr today said the real cause was autoerotic asphyxiation.Its Pearl Harbor Day. Or as George W. Bush calls it, a day that will live in Italy.There was another school shooting this week on Monday in Oklahoma, and the Republicans are commenting on it. Gary Bauer said today, The problem isnt guns, its a problem of the heart. which I guess is true, you know. When you take six rounds to the chest, that is a problem of the heart, right there.I dont know which one of these clowns is gonna be actually running for president, but when they do pick a guy, apparently in some states youre now going to be able to vote for him on the Internet. . I dont think I want people voting on the Internet, knowing what they do. Because, you know, youll get candidates saying things like, Ask yourself this - are you getting off now better than you were four years ago?Hillary Clinton -- today it was announced by the White House -- is packing up. . Shes moving to New York, and this may be her good-bye to the White House for good. And she got a little misty today during the packing and she said, You know, if these walls could talk, theyd also give Bill the silent treatment.Tonight at the White House they lit the Christmas tree, the national tree. . Apparently, this is a bit of a split for the first couple. The press was taken on a tour of the tree and the decorations and the White House. Looks like the tree in the White House had her side and his side of the Christmas tree because on his side, the balls were in a vice.A statue was unveiled in South Carolina for Strom Thurmond, who turned 97. . They unveiled this big 17 foot, 12 ton statue. A little sad. Because the statue of Strom was more recognizable before the unveiling, when the sheet was on.Donald Trump, you know, is considering jumping into the presidential race. Get this. . He had the press sanitize their hands - he passed out sanitizing lotion to the press because, you know, he famously does not like shaking hands. And for a politician, this is not good. . But apparently, by the women that he dates, he has no problem kissing babies.It looks like the first couple is drifting apart. . Today, she came out against the Presidents dont ask, dont tell policy, and not just in the marriage.Hilary may be on the same ballot with Pat Buchanan. On the same ticket, because he might get the Reform Party nomination, which means he would be on the top of the Independents party ticket, which she would also get the endorsement of, so theyll be together, Buchanan and Hillary. They will already have a slogan.Hell hath no fuehrer like a woman scorned. Im sure you heard about the terrible warehouse fire in Massachusetts last week where six firefighters died. Apparently, Clinton, when he first heard the news about this was, overwhelmed with grief. He was sobbing until an aide came up to him and said, No, no, it was a warehouse.A blast from the past from the cold war, Boris Yeltsin talking about nuclear weapons, and in Washington we found a Russian spy. We caught a guy. You can always tell the Russian spies, I tell you, they pass the lie detector test, but they fail the breathalyzer.We got rid of that damn canal. . We have had it for a century. Finally gave it back. President Clinton said he has a continuing commitment to the canal, which led many people to believe hes seeing other canals.Panama is mad at us. They are mad because we didnt send a high enough delegation. Clinton didnt go. Hillary didnt go. . Jimmy Carter went. Nobody from the Cabinet went. They were considering sending Janet Reno to the canal, but she was already visiting a dike, so they didnt send her.Linda Tripp, who you all know taped Monica Lewinsky, now is going through pretrial motions herself because Maryland is saying she did something illegal by taping her friend. And the ruling today went against her.  It said that she does not have immunity, which presents a problem Linda has always had, covering her ass.It looks like theres a peace deal going to be signed in the Middle East. . Israel and Syria, they are in Washington, they look like they have worked something out. Its a very complicated deal, but Syria seems to want it. Israel seems to want it. Clinton has already endorsed it. And George W. Bush has formally asked if its going to be on the exam.George Bush said that if hes going to be president he would allow smoking in the White House. . Also he said if people duck into the bathroom and dont come out for about an hour later and then are sniffling, he will look the other way on that, too.There was one interesting point (in the GOP debate) where the candidates were asked to name the political philosopher who most influenced them. And a few of them, including George W. Bush, said it was Jesus Christ,. which actually makes sense when you think about it, because.Jesus Christs first miracle was turning water into wine. And a lot of people who followed him thought it was his father.The Washington Post reported that in college Bill Bradley dated Diane Sawyer. . Not to be outdone, George W. Bush said during college, he once tried to snort Cokie Roberts.Pretty good news for Al Gore. He had his physical. . The doctor said hes in excellent shape except very high cholesterol, Gore has. And Gore said, You know, I run five miles a day. Its not for my health, its just to distance himself from Clinton.Gores cholesterol is 231. . The doctor said, Al Gore should travel with, make sure you always has a cholesterol-free margarine. Yeah, right, like a politician is gonna keep his Promise.Monica Lewinsky.testified against Linda Tripp, and it came out, listen to this, just when you thought Linda Tripp couldnt get much worse, when Linda was taping Monica, she had friends of hers come over to a Christmas party and shed been telling all the friends what she was taping. So they all knew what was going on with Monica, and Monica walks into the Christmas party and doesnt know any of this. And all the friends are there and theyre saying things to her like, Weve heard so much about whats on you.The (Vermont) Supreme Court said basically if youre gay and you want to get married, thats okay. . Vermont is very conservative. Actually they are encouraging the gays to get married as a way to stop them from having sex.Hillary came out for a national standard for drunk driving. . She said a person should be considered legally drunk when driving if they have a blood alcohol of .08 -- if they cant walk a straight line, and if they try to pass off that lipstick on the collar as spaghetti sauce, the lying bastard.The Clintons were actually together today at the White House because its a tradition. They read to 50 school children the tale, Twas the Night Before Christmas. Isnt that a lovely thing they do every year? . A kid asked a question about the story, and the President said it depends on what your definition of twas is.Its funny because right before he read the story Clinton met with a dancer named Vixen.Ted Kennedy endorsed Al Gore. Gore was so excited, he lost it and claimed that he invented the liver transplant.Pat Buchanan said hes expecting a big upsurge now because with Y2K put behind us, his constituents are now free to leave their bunkers.In West Virginia, they are trying to solve the Middle East peace problem. The negotiators from Israel and Syria -- President Clinton was there yesterday, trying to encourage them, trying to get these guys to finally make a lasting peace in the Middle East. Its very tough to get these negotiators to renounce violence, because if you do, first of all, if kills any chance of ever dating Jennifer Lopez.The Cuban kids going back. . At the end of the day, you have to say, its like the old saying, If you love something, set it free. If its meant to be, it will come back as a baseball player.The Clintons moved into their new house, and Bill was not supposed to go with Hillary on moving day, but he did. They spent the first night together, last night in the house together. And you know how a new home is, theres all sorts of strange noises at night. Apparently, Hillary, at one point during the night, got so scared that she got up and went into Bills room.Monica Lewinsky is doing Jenny Craig ads because she lost a lot of weight. Now, Jenny Craig franchises, some of these franchises, refuse to run the ads. They say theyre in poor taste, which they may have a point because in one of the ads in the before picture, shes wearing a semen- stained muumuu.The Gore/Bradley debate last night. . It was full of, they said, put- downs and one-liners. You know, Im not kidding. Politicians actually hire comedy writers, and I think Gore may using some of Sonny and Chers old writers, because two of his zingers had to do with Bradley having a flat chest.That Time Warner/AOL deal went through. Apparently, thats really going to happen. . It does put to rest anybody who thought that the Internet was not here to stay. The Internet is here to stay. . In fact, even Strom Thurmond today said, I got to get me one of those dot-com machines.The Secret Service has announced that for the first time, they have to recruit. They are placing help wanted ads if you want to be a member of the Secret Service. They said theyve been losing a lot of agents lately because the agents realize after a few years that they could make a lot more money being a pimp in the private sector.Janet Reno, our Attorney General, wants to set up a vast national network to monitor cybercrime, because, you know, theres a lot of crime on the Internet. She said the problem is that people on the Internet too easily can change identity. Women can pose as men. Men can pose as women. Kind of like a bar she used to go to.Get this. Ten percent -- thats a lot when you hear what Im going to say. Ten percent of Americans have something in their body that wasnt there when they were born. And they say theres no Clinton legacy.Happy Martin Luther King Day. Or as John Rocker calls it, Monday.We didnt get a day off. Although the White House said, think of it as a day on, not a day off. And to that note, a lot of people around the country were volunteering, doing special things, painting schools, reading to school kids. In fact, for example, school kids in Boston marked the occasion by picking up trash, which also served to honor President Clinton.This terrible cold has gripped a lot of the country, a terrible cold front has moved into New York. But enough about Hillary Clinton. John McCain running for the Republican nomination, I guess hes the number two guy now. He says he never tried marijuana. And you know, he was in Vietnam for five years, but he said the drug use in Vietnam got popular after he was a prisoner of war. Although, he did say that at one time he got so bored in prison, he actually tried to smoke a roach.The Supreme Court is reviewing Colorados buffer zone law.  . That is the law that says if you go into an abortion clinic, the anti- abortion activists have to stay eight feet back from you, because they do not want patients being harassed. Because one thing these women dont need is haranguing and pressure. I mean, thats what got a lot of them there in the first place.The first big snowfall hit a lot of states. Even Washington, D.C. was hit by snow. It closed a lot of schools, disrupted flights and made George Bush very nostalgic!This is January 20th, Inauguration Day, which means this is the first day of President Clintons final year in the White House. And you know what that means? Seven-year itch!In Canada. they want to put graphic, I mean graphic pictures of diseased lungs on the packs of cigarettes. This to deter people from smoking. They have also, by the way, asked Monica Lewinsky for a picture of her ass to put on Ho-Hos.The White House said today they are going to stop its practice of reading scripts beforehand to see if theyre anti-drug or not. President Clinton said its too controversial and besides, its no fun watching Dawsons Creek when you know whos going to get nailed.President Clinton -- Wow, what a bitter sweet moment. His final State of the Union address that he gave tonight. And you know, hes feeling a little wistful, too comfortable perhaps.because, they always have that guest of honor in the balcony. Tonights was a chick from the travel office named Aniqua.He really wanted to focus on his legacy and put all the scandals behind him. In fact, the theme of the speech was The Era of Big Girlfriends is Over.The other big political news, of course, the New Hampshire primary. . Apparently, John McCain on the Republican side has a razor-in lead over George W. Bush. Bush said hes not worried. He said he has seen razor- thin lines before, and they always disappear.Its Groundhog today. And according to the results from last night in New Hampshire, Bush has at least six more weeks of John McCain.President Clinton, as of today, is set to sign a new law outlawing GHB. Do you know what GHB is? That is what they call the date rape drug. . He says its too late to give it to Paula Jones, so.Bush got the endorsement of Dan Quayle today. . Quayle said he is endorsing bush for three reasons. One, he is a true conservative. Two, he has the be chance of winning the Republicans. And three, Quayle says, He has the same name of the guy I used to work for. How weird is that?Gary Bauer, the Christian right candidate, he is going to drop out tomorrow. Turns out, the voters wanted someone who looks slightly less than a maitre d at a church picnic for dwarfs.Gary learned a tough lesson of politics. You can pander all you want to the unborn, they just dont turn out to vote.Bill Bradley wants an apology from Al Gore because.one of Bradleys surrogates is John Kerrey. . And Bradley says that Gore supporters heckled Kerrey, calling him a cripple. And Gore said, This is terrible. He clearly told his hecklers to call him differently abled.Hillary Clinton has announced.she is actually running for the Senate. She said, The last few months have really been just sort of a dry run. And come to think about it, the last 15 years of my marriage are kind of a dry run.On the other side.John McCain, hes the guy with what they call big mo. Hes on the cover of all of the news magazines and George Bush is angry. Hes out there. Hes got a new whole thing. He went to the wizard. He got a brain.(Bush) is blaming the media. Hes a whole new guy, and he said that he knows about some of the mistakes he made up in New Hampshire. Among them, campaigning with his father probably was not a good idea. Nothing says strong and independent like standing on a stage with mumsy and dadsy.The Delaware primary -- John McCain, the guy with the big mo, he did not even campaign there. He said, You know, any time I step in a place that small, I get flashbacks.In South Carolina, get, this, hes campaigning there trying to get the Gen-X vote and he attended a rave party. Im not kidding, and he tried to get them. He said to the kids, You know, I spent half the 70s in a room doing nothing, which kind of makes me the original slacker.It is getting nasty between him and George Bush. The other day, McCain said, I still have some of the fighter pilot in me. and Bush said, Oh, yeah? I still have some of the out-of-control cokehead in me.Not that these are the only guys in the presidential race. Theres Donald Trump. Trying to be presidential, he unveiled his health plan. . He said there are millions of children in this country without health insurance, including three of his last six girlfriends.(On CNNs Larry King Live (2/9)) Alan Keyes said if we lose the family farm, we lose the moral cradle of America. Why? Why am I morally inferior to someone with a big garden? I am just saying, 1% of the people work a farm now, 1%. I mean, more people have plowed Courtney Love.(On CNNs Larry King Live (2/9)) I have a big problem with (Bob Doles) commercial for Viagra. . I think were really lowering the bar on courage, if its about that. . Its like, Take this before the gardener gets to her. Its just -- its a tawdry ad.(On CNNs Larry King Live (2/9)) (About) John McCain, from the Bush camp -- first they tried hes crazy! He has been to nam, God knows what hell do. That didnt stick. Now, hes an insider -- yeah, thats it, hes an insider. . If not that, what is it? Oh, he plays with puppets. he goes to the movies with Peewee Herman. What are they going to say next?Steve Forbes is out of the election process. . McCain thinks he can pick up the Forbes voters because of his conservative stance on abortion and taxes. And George Bush thinks he can get the Forbes voters who still want a useless idiot son of a famous guy.(Bush is) on the attack against McCain in South Carolina. He is already calling him a liberal. . I think it is a little early for Bush to be playing the liberal card. If he plays that now against McCain, what is he going to call Al Gore, a lesbian?Bush, trying to appeal to the religious conservatives down there, has been invoking a lot of Bible imagery. . He said, Jesus also had 20 missing years and never held a job he couldnt get through his dad.Donald Trump.is not going to run for president. He said he realized it wasnt for him when he went to one of those town hall meetings and they didnt even have a VIP room.The Republicans had a big debate there in South Carolina tonight. . Bush and McCain and Alan Keyes.are very angry at each other, but they had to agree that America is basically peaceful, happy and prosperous right now. What they disagreed on was who is to blame.(Clinton) was online the other day with CNN and hackers broke in and made it sound like he had written, Id like to see more porn on the internet. . And he was not amused. He got up from the computer and he said to one of his aides, Get my pants, we are leaving.Elian Gonzalezs father wrote a letter yesterday to Janet Reno demanding that he be returned to Cuba. And Janet Reno was so touched, not by the letter, just that a man sent her a note on Valentines Day.The Drug Czar.said (Colombias) cocaine production is twice what we thought it was. He said theyre producing 520 tons of cocaine a year. . George Bush commented on this. He said, That is enough to give every man, woman and child in America an embarrassing drug history that they are unwilling to talk about.George Bush is sort of changing his stripes. First, he was a compassionate conservative. Now, hes stealing McCains issues. Hes a reformer with results. . Among his results andvoluntary pollution control, which has given Houston the worst air quality in America. although that gives him a great Clinton-style campaign line, I couldnt inhale.Alan Keyes.said, The party is not doing enough to reach out to the Republican black voter, until someone pointed out he is the Republican black voter.Down there in South Carolina, the primary is Saturday, the Republicans, Bush and McCain. And its gotten so nasty -- get this -- the latest is Bushs allies -- I dont know who these people are -- are putting out a magazine accusing John McCain of being a Marxist who doesnt particularly care that his wife was a drug addict. . They also say, in 1988 he and hippie friends broke into the White House and gave Reagan Alzheimers.Bush is getting desperate because hes running out of all that big money he had. And McCain, who doesnt have nearly as much money, is at least even with him. And McCain was bragging about this. He said his campaign, was a seminal event in American politics. Clinton said, Look, if anyones responsible for a seminal event.The President had a press conference the other day. . He said that the race is shaping up to be one where they are so consumed with character, they are ill-prepared to debate the issues. The head of the Republican National Committee sort of took Bush and McCain to task. . He said, How long has it been since either of you guys has accused a fictional character of being gay?This is Presidents Day. And they rated them today. . (Clinton) came in the poll of historians dead last in the morality category because, I guess, Monica Lewinsky. But you know, he was not the only president with a mistress. His problem is that he just had sex with his mistress. He would have done better if he owned her like Jefferson. Or killed her like KennedyAl Gore and Bill Bradley had their debate tonight at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Unbelievable. Two white guys on the stage at the Apollo Theater pandering for the black vote. Bradley, first of all, promised to have Lil Kim declared as a protective wet land.Then Gore claimed that his sister died from not washing her ass.Its the Michigan primary. . Its so close, Bush is predicting that he will win by a nose or whats left of it.Yesterday, Bush was at a grade school. It was Presidents Day and the little kids were dressed as presidents. Some of them are very realistic. The little kid who was dressed as George Bush Sr. threw up during lunch. And the little kid who was dressed as Clinton had an accident in his pants.The President.said today he is going to visit India. . You know, hes very popular in India, Clinton is. Because over there Monica Lewinsky is considered sacred.Gore and Bradley were at the Apollo last night in Harlem at their debate. . The crowd was crazy, and it included Whoopi Goldberg, who was a Gore supporter, and Spike Lee, who was a Bradley supporter, and Johnnie Cochran, who was just there in case Bradley and Gore killed each other.The Republicans are jumping ship from the Bush camp. . Bush didnt do well in the primaries the other day. And so the Secretary of State out here in California, the Mayor of San Diego, Bill Bennett, theyre all going over to McCain. And Bush is no stranger to this kind of abandonment, I have to tell you. The same thing used to happen to him when he ran out of blow.The Secret Service is being sued by former black agents who claim there is racial bias in the way promotions are dolled out there. Clintons own lead agent used to be a black guy, which explains why he wound up with a chick with a big ass.John McCain took on the religious right today. . He gave them what for in their home state in Virginia. . And of course, they fired back.. And the only way they know how is insinuating someone was gay. Pat Robertson said that dont forget during the war, McCain was held by Charlie.George W. Bush had to apologize for what he did at Bob Jones University. . He said he regretted going there and not speaking out against religious intolerance. I think his drug past came back because he said, We shouldnt have lines that divide people. We should have people dividing up lines.Today, McCain called Bush to congratulate Bush on his victory, and during the conversation, McCain said, I think I have a bad connection, and Bush said, Try my guy. His stuff is primo.George Bush is back ahead in the delegate count. I think it came out the other day, because he said, Boy, its good to be out from behind the three and a half grams -- I mean the eight ball.Gore and Bradley tonight had their debate here in California. Wow! It was on CNN. It was on C-Span and it was on Fox under the title, Who Wants to Marry a Monotone.I tell you, Gore really knows how to play Los Angeles. You know, he knew exactly how to get the L.A. crowd, and just show them that he is more powerful than Bradley because during the debate, his cell phone rang, and he went, I got to take this.Bill Bradley, probably not all that happy. . He lost all the states. Didnt even win his home state.and the kid from The sixth sense is suddenly able to see him.You have to give Bradley credit. He did run a dignified campaign, and Im sure that the Doritos commercial hes filming tomorrow will be just as dignified.A good day for George Bush. He did very well. It looks like it may be over with that campaign as well. . Bush said the battle with McCain has made him a better candidate. He said it proves he has inner strength. Hes not just talking about his liver.These people love Gore and Bush, or as I now call them -- Bore and Gush.Bradley said for sure hes going to drop out tomorrow, which leads to the biggest question of the campaign -- how will we know?Arizona was the first state ever where voting occurred on the Internet. Americans for the first time were able to make important political decisions in their underwear. Just like President Clinton.Bradleys speech, I felt, was especially moving today quitting the race. He said, You know, its easy to look back and sww all the things you did wrong. But he pointed out that the main thing he did wrong was probably his campaign slogan - Vote for Al Gore.George W. Bush already veering back toward the middle. He kind of went to the right in South Carolina to win his nomination. . When he was down in South Carolina, there at Bob Jones University.they (had) outlawed interracial dating. Since then, (the school) has sort of recanted that. theyve allowed interracial dating. And (Bush) produced a letter today from one of the white students there that said, Thank you, Mr. Bush. you have improved my sex life amazingly. You truly are a reformer with results.The Pope is going to make a sweeping apology for a lot of the stuff that he says are sins over the 2,000 years of the Catholic Church. . And Bill Clinton today said this was very impressive, as the Pope was making this kind of apology considering that he doesnt even have a wife thats not speaking to him.Gore e-mailed Bush, and then Bush tried to e-mail him back, but he couldnt get the stamps to stick to the screen.They say now, this election is going to be decided by the female vote. Thats what theyre saying. . So theyre both pandering, of course -- because theyre panderers -- to the women. Bush has hinted he wants a female running mate. Gore talks about womens health issues. And both say they want to see more of Katie Courics colon.The 2000 Census.came the other day. The Census forms have arrived. They say the average household will take 38 minutes to complete the census and another five seconds to chuck it in the garbage after you realize that you are sending President Clinton your daughters phone number.Gas is a lot more than it used to be. . Clinton said he feels your pain about this. He said he really feels for all the gas station patrons who are trying to cut costs. Because, after whats happened to him the last couple years, he knows what its like to have to pump it yourself.Actually, do you know who doesnt get the Internet? George Bush Sr., because he was in a chat room the other day and some wise-ass -- you know how these people are in the chat rooms -- they said, Describe your boobs, and Bush typed in, One governs Texas, one governs Florida.Our friend Elian Gonzalez back in the news. A federal judge said today he probably is going to have to go back to Cuba. Which is especially disappointing, because -- did you know he was next in line to impregnate Madonna?The President in India. Huge crowds. People dont like him here sometimes, but, I tell ya, overseas they love him everywhere he goes. In India, even the untouchables came out for the President. They figured if any world leader was gonna touch them, it would be Clinton.Last night he stayed in Jayper. . Somebody brought up Monica Lewinsky. They shouldnt have, because it prompted one of the wise men to use the old Indian saying, Love means never having to spray youre sorry.Today, Clinton spoke at the Indias parliament. And, you know, theyre a very proud nation. And you cant tell them what to do. And Clinton said he never presumed to tell a nation of over 1 billion people how to run their affairs -- but would it kill you guys to wear a condom once in a while?The Drug Czar.announced today that cocaine prices are at an all- time low. I tell ya, maybe George W. Bush is a reformer with results.We have a new president over there in Russia, Vladimir Putin. .  President Clinton called him, had a 15-minute phone conversation with him. Boy, theres a pair. President Putin and President pull out.Campaign finance. Theyre having that battle now, whos going to take over that mantle. Gore made a proposal this week about campaign finance. He called it, today, a cancer on our democracy, which must explain the time he came into Clintons office and he was giving a mammogram to a stewardess named Ling.They caught a guy running across the White House lawn. Luckily, authorities said, he never had any real chance of making it to the White House, and they described him as Alan Keyes.Elian Gonzalez.may be facing his last days here in America. They are threatening to throw him back to Cuba, yes. His family apparently is pulling out all the stops. . I think these people just like publicity. Because now theyre saying Elian cannot go back to Cuba because he got trapped down a well.The Senate has been having hearings on Internet stalking. They listened yesterday to several teenage girls testify about meeting men on the Internet and being lured into a rendezvous where they were forced to perform unspeakable sexual acts. Now, the senators agreed this is not the biggest problem facing America, but they said it sure beats the hell out of listening to Alan Greenspan.If youve got Microsoft stock, bad news for you. And, of course, bad news for Bill Gates. Janet Reno was up there saying this guy broke the law and made illegal activities, and told him in a very cute way. She sent him a little message that said, Youve got jail.Did you hear about the Prime Minister of Japan? . He had a stroke and is in a coma. . On the good side, it gives Americans some idea what itll be like when Al Gore is president.Elian Gonzalez. . Just before I came out here, late this afternoon, they said that the visa has gone through. So his father will be coming here, possibly as early as tomorrow. . The Justice Department now, of course, needs to find an expert when it comes to picking up family members. So they put in a call to Woody Allen.They did a survey of Americans -- how they feel about this. Six of out of ten Americans think that little Elian should be sent back to Cuba. And 30% think he should stay in America. The rest think, You know, this kid can go live with Michael Jackson for all I care. Ive had enough.Lets get to As Elian Gonzalez Turns, the soap opera. I dont even have time in the monologue to keep you up on all the developments. You will have to read it in Soap Opera Digest tomorrow.The big news is that his father, Juan Gonzalez, of course, has his visa. That happened yesterday. Castro was with him today. Apparently, he is absolutely ready to come here to America. He wanted to bring 27 people. Now they have got it down to six. . But they said any more.wont fit on the raft.Al Gore, never losing an opportunity to pander, was at his alma mater last night making a speech talking about how blacks are lacking in access to the Internet. And he said he will not be happy until theres a computer in the home of every black person and they start naming their daughters Pentium.Gore wrote a book called Earth In The Balance, about the environment. And Bush has been criticizing it. It came out yesterday he never read the book. And this is not the first time this happened. I tell you, the way Bush talks about books he never read, you think he was still on drugs he never did.If you know what happened to Elian Gonzalez today, dont tell me, Im taping it.Ling Ling -- the panda from China -- died about a year ago. . Apparently, they are not going to give into pressure. . People wanted to stuff and mount Ling Ling. But they said no, they said if people wanted to see a semi-lifelike gift from China to America, they are going to have to vote for Al Gore.Juan Gonzalez, Elians father, finally arrived in Washington today. . He said he wanted to meet Ted Kennedy. He said, Heres another guy who knows what its like to have a chick drown on him.In Washington, supporters of Al Gore have formed a human chain around the last three things he wont say to get elected.Its funny, Juan Gonzalez, Elians father, has been in Washington only about ten hours now and George Bush is already running attack ads calling him a Washington insider.The House of Representatives, your Congress, has voted for the third time in five years.a ban on partial birth abortions. . They always bring up the fact that the fetus is extracted with a suction device. You know, I dont know what it is with the Republicans. First Monica, now this. What do they have against suction devices?Let me catch up on the Elian Gonzalez saga. . The Justice Department today assured the boys father -- Juan Gonzalez -- that he may have to stay in America and is allowed to and welcome to for up to ten months while the appeals process goes on. And this was good news to the Cubans in Miami because they think surely if hes going to stay here ten months, he will decide to stay in America and raise Elian here, along with the son that he has probably already fathered with Madonna.Monica Lewinsky is in the news. . The Enquirer last week was saying that Monica probably has given up on men and is turning to women. I think its all a big misunderstanding. Its just that her neighbors, the people up the stairs from Monica, overheard her moaning when she was eating Sara Lee.The big news is that Janet Reno is coming down to Miami tomorrow. As usual, shes the only one in the Administration with any testicles.Microsoft has hired Ralph Reed.as a lobbyist to convince George W. Bush.to go soft on Microsoft, who is in a lot of trouble. Boy, theres a switch. A member of the Christian right urging a politician not to look into windows.Robert Ray said today hes going to spend an additional $3. 5 million of your money to pursue a perjury conviction against President Clinton for his dealings with Monica. . Ill tell you, by the time they finish this investigation, they will be checking semen stains with carbon dating.I have to catch up on little Elian Gonzalez again. Well, Janet Renos on the scene. Now this thing is going to get resolved. . She didnt threaten the drunk uncles exactly. What she said was, Waco and smell the coffee.Reno.said if there was one bright spot in this whole thing, it reinforced her decision never to have children.The President of China went over to Israel today. Hes there trying to get an Israeli radar that we dont want the Israelis to sell to the Chinese because they could be our enemies. . The Israeli radar is a little different. Not only can it spot planes and missiles, but it tells you if youre spending too much for them.George Bush now this week has taken on the issue of health care, which some people think is odd, because Texas has one of the worst public health records in the nation and has for many years. I dont want to say that Bush doesnt really know a lot about health care, but he thinks that Kaiser-Permanente is the leader of Germany.Let me catch up on Elian Gonzalez. . Im so bored with this kid, I wish Clinton and Monica would get back together.The drunk uncles are defying Janet Reno and saying theyre not going to be able to get this kid except by force. I dont know, do we really want this kid raised by guys stupid enough to get into a hostage situation with Janet Reno?Everyone is getting involved now. Gloria Estefan got involved. She challenged the father to come to Miami. Andy Garcia then got involved. He said the boy should decide his own fate. Now everyone is afraid to make a move until the Taco Bell dog weighs in.George Bush.finally met with the gay Republican organization. .  I dont know if they met politically, but I think something can be worked out, because theyre gay and hes a guy that did a lot of liquor and drugs. So even if they dont have a meeting of the minds politically, they can always open a disco.Its all about little Elian Gonzalez today. . Its all really because of that picture that we all saw, the soldier there with little Elian. It has become now the most famous image of a Hispanic in a closet, not counting Ricky Martin.Youre probably like me, you woke up Saturday, you saw this on the TV. Suddenly, you saw this picture of the little kid surrounded by guys with guns and fatigues. I thought the kid had been here so long that he was starting high school.George Bush, the little Bush kid. He said that he is, profoundly saddened and troubled by the Gonzalez raid. I think what happened was he saw those pictures of guys busting into the house, and it brought back bad memories of him having to flush his stash down the toilet.Things now have quieted down there in Miami. The Cubans who have been forming a human chain around the house have gone back to forming their old human chain, around the unemployment office.Youre here to get your daily Elian Gonzalez fix. . Hes now in a house at the Wye River plantation, living there with his father. . President Clinton weighed in today. He said, you know, Leave this family alone. Theyve been through enough. He said, I know what its like to be desperate enough to try hiding someone in a closet.Now, the relatives.said President Clinton is being blackmailed by Fidel Castro. . Clinton wants the boy here and does not want him to go back to Cuba, because Castro is blackmailing Clinton with telephone sex tapes.  . We cannot let some foreign dictator blackmail our president about sex. That is the job of the Republicans in Congress.The other thing the crazy relatives want to do is.they are pressing for a shared living arrangement . Some sort of house where they can all live together. Psychologists are saying this is not really workable, but it is a great sitcom premise for Paul Rodriguez.Vermont has made history today . They are the first state where gay couples have the exact same rights as any other married couple. They are expecting a lot of gay people now to want to move to Vermont. That is, until they find out that the closest thing they have there to a disco is bingo night at the Elks Lodge.The work stoppage in Miami is over. Thank God the Cubans, who were so ticked off about Elian are back to work. And thats a good thing.if the men there werent idle enough with Madonna being pregnant again.Elian, of course, with his father there. Theyre having quiet time. It seems to have quieted down. And the father, apparently, his big concern is that Elian has become too Americanized, and he may be onto something there, because theres a few people in the room today, and somebodys cell phone rang. And Elian said, Is that me or you?In Washington, George Bush had the biggest black-tie fundraiser ever -- $18 million-plus they raked in there . Bush.was the guest of honor. And he is used to that. He likes to be the guest of honor, because, of course, for most of his life, he knows what its like being toasted.Big news about Elian Gonzalez. . The Washington Post did an interview today with the fisherman in the closet. And it turns out he is not a fisherman. . Hes a janitor. This is what he meant when he said the kid needed a custodian.Janet Reno today had to defend further her actions in snatching the kid out of the house. She revealed that.family members put a couch in front of the door. Which took a lot of work because they had to drag it in from the front lawn.George Bush had a fundraiser . They thought it was going to bring in $18 million. Well, it topped that. Brought in $21 million, for one dinner. Thats quite a dinner. . And fittingly, it was one of the most glitzy affairs ever. The ballrooms had laser beams, mirror balls. And a disco band. And just to get into the atmosphere, George Bush wore his old coke spoon.Mayor Giuliani had a little press conference today, and we wish him well. He is not the healthiest man right now. . He has prostate cancer. . The good news is that it is completely treatable, and he will be better. The bad news is, the treatment involves a New York City police officer wielding a toilet plunger.Theres 2 million Americans in some form of jail or prison. . And most of them, of course, for the same crime. Raise your hands, how many of you are in here for lying about sex under oath?You know whos in here? Al Gores old fundraising aide. And today I found out hes the bitch of George Bushs old coke dealer.This place really reminds me of the White House. Everyone claims to be innocent. Theres a lot of illicit sex. And you spend your days picking up trash.Cardinal John OConnor, one of the great Catholics of our time, had his funeral in New York at St. Patricks Cathedral. . The Clintons were there, the Gores were there, the Bushes were there. President Clinton was near tears. Not for the Cardinal. It had just been a long time since he had seen Hillary on her knees.John McCain has now officially endorsed George W. Bush for president. His quote was, I look forward to enthusiastically campaigning for George Bush. The translation -- I will stop calling him a jackass at cocktail parties.The first organizers have already arrived in Washington for the Million Mom March. . And President Clinton said today he fully supports a million women march on Washington. In fact, he said he once had a dream where that happened, but Hillary woke him up just when it was getting good.Mayor Giuliani in New York announced yesterday he is seeing another woman and seeking a separation from his wife. The guy who took all the sex out of Times Square has apparently put it in City Hall.Hillary is apparently very depressed about this. She said, If I wanted to spend the next six months battling an adulterer, I couldve stayed home.If all this wasnt embarrassing enough for Republicans, when (Giulianis) wife said, This is the last straw, George Bush started rolling up a dollar bill.Los Alamos, which is where our nuclear lab is -- not good. In fact, the damage there at the nuclear lab is so extensive that the Chinese have already been warned that our nuclear secrets might be a little late this month.The Supreme Court -- highest court in the land -- struck down a law requiring adult cable channels to block the signals. That was a big victory for the Playboy Channel. . It was a very close decision -- 5-4. Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion. Justice Breyer wrote the dissenting opinion. And Clarence Thomas wrote a fan letter to Christy Canyon.An Arkansas court recommended that President Clinton be disbarred. Yeah, he was apparently a disgrace on the profession of Arkansas lawyer.Now, this is very bad news for Clinton. Not that he really wanted to be a lawyer after he got out of office. But he was planning on saving a few bucks by handling his own divorce.Good news for Hillary Clinton -- of course, running in the Senate. No longer against Rudy Giuliani, who dropped out. And over the weekend we saw who the new opponent is -- Rick Lazio. We dont know much about him. But, apparently, he is more liberal than Giuliani. For example, he supports a womans right to choose. Whereas Giuliani supports his right to choose a woman.The fisherman. . The one, yes, with Elian Gonzalez, he is suing the government for $100 million. Apparently they violated his fourth amendment rights. And its a great precedent hes going to set, because, if an American cannot have privacy in a closet with some other countrys orphans, whats gonna happen to Woody Allen?Theyre expecting the biggest fund-raiser ever in Washington, D.C. . They expect to rake in $25 million. Clinton, I tell ya, he is the all-time champion. They say, since 92, hes raised over $1 billion for the Democrats. I dont know how to explain this, except to say this guy has a knack for getting people to put out.Also in politics today, presidential primaries in Washington, D.C. . Marion Barry said he was conflicted about this. Hes torn, because he says Gore is better on civil rights, but Bush has a stronger record of being high on crack.The NRA just finished their big convention. Im sure you heard, Charlton Heston, they gave him another term there as the grand Poo-Bah, and they were there at a hotel in Charlotte, North Carolina, for a while. And they left today. And I think they got a little cocky, because they passed a resolution saying Guns dont kill people, but they sure do help when youre arguing about your Spectravision charges with the hotel staff.In Washington, this is the big scandal now. Undercover investigators, you know, theyre trying to find out if the buildings that we depend on to guard our security are secure. Well, theyre not. All these guys with fake badges got into 19 sensitive Federal Buildings -- the CIA, the FBI, the Pentagon. In the Justice Department, they walked right into Janet Renos office. And if thats not shocking enough, when they did that, Janet Reno was getting oral sex from Monica Lewinsky.Paula Jones says that she lives in fear that once Clinton is out of office, he will have her killed. I think this is a very lame attempt on her to get the Federal Witness Protection Program to pay for her nose job.George W. Bush.met with Colin Powell, General Colin Powell. I think hes trying to get him to be Vice President. Not gonna work. He tried to get McCain last week to be his Vice President. See, these guys, McCain, Powell, theyre warriors, theyre soldiers. Theyre not gonna be number two to little Georgie Bush. Plus, both of them, for four years, are not gonna wear the Im with stupid T-shirts.The Defense Department said that due to a clerical error.they exaggerated the Korean War deaths by 15,000. . So the Pentagon today sent out 15,000 letters to war widows saying, Good news, your husband is alive -- but hes living with a woman named Kim Su.Al Gore is in trouble. . In Carthage, Tennessee, he has, I guess, he has some sort of an apartment building and the tenants today are calling him a Slumlord. Al Gore a Slumlord? They said theres overflowing toilets, backed-up sinks. I tell ya, of the two of them, I thought Bush would certainly be the one running the crack house.Did you watch the Tonys? Me, neither. But critics are calling it New Yorks most entertaining night of tears and tap dancing since mayor Rudy Giulianis last press conference.Bush.got an endorsement from McCain, in a way. For the first time, McCain has come out and said that he has agreed for the sake of the party that he would pee on Bush if his ass was on fire.George W. Bush, who is running -- the little Bush kid, running for President -- and his advisers, they are going this weekend for a retreat at his parents house. Remember George Sr. had that house in Kennebunkport, Maine. Well, they are all going up there to the big compound. And this is good. This will give George W. a chance to reconnect with his dad. Because they have not really bonded since the 80s, when they used to throw up together.Los Alamos -- I dont know what the security is over there, but its not that good. We seem to have misplaced two hard drives with all of our nuclear secrets on them. The only clue is a kind of a cryptic e-mail from Seattle that said, If you know whats good or you, leave Microsoft alone.The North and the South of Korea finally got together today 50 years after the war, the two Kims got together, which is a good thing. . The heads of the countries.got together and they seem to be getting along very well, which is good because last year, you know, they had a fierce naval skirmish over fishing rights. They almost went to war over fish, these two countries. Ill tell you, if they would have found Elian Gonzalez, we would have had World War III.The president of Argentina was in Washington today with President Clinton apologizing, finally, again 50 years too late, for harboring Nazi war criminals, which they did, Argentina. We know that. And this president, good for him, he said we should never have let in people like Adolf Eichmann and Dr. Joseph Mengele, especially Mengele, he was a terrible doctor. Youd ask him for a second opinion and hed say, The Jews are an inferior race.The big story is still the Los Alamos scandal, you know, two full computer hard drives full of our sensitive nuclear weapons data have disappeared. At this point really, our only military secrets are if a soldier is gay.The security at this lab was absolutely terrible. Government inspectors, in fact, today found a note on the refrigerator of the employee loungePlease take home your leftover plutoniumThey finally found those hard drives at Los Alamos over the weekend. Did you see that? They lost those hard drives with all our nuclear information on it. They found them behind the copy machine. . And, of course, the politicians are already making hay out of this. George Bush - - the little Bush kid running for president -- he said, Americas nuclear security is not a matter of lost and found. . He said hes never even lost his own car keys, although he has had them taken away a number of times.The London Times is reporting that George W. Bush in 1972, when he was in the air National Guard, was grounded because he refused to take a drug test. And I think the military brass had an inkling that he was on the junk because he used to brag that he did more between midnight00 A.M. than most people do all day.A very important ruling from the Supreme Court. They said a public high school student may not -- may not, lead other students in prayer before a football game. . Clarence Thomas on the court weighed in. He said this would absolutely violate the separation of church and state to have prayer before the game, and it also might make our cheerleaders less likely to put out.We try to point out political correctness and stamp it out. Now, its spread to the State Department. There are no more rogue states, you know, we have used that term for decades, rogue states, meaning the bad guys like Libya and Iraq and Iran and Syria, North Korea, Cuba -- the bad guys who terrorize and bomb us. Well, apparently we dont want to hurt their feelings. So now were calling them countries of concern. And if they act up, from now on, instead of like intervening and bombing them or sending troops, were just going to have them take a timeout.The London press is reporting that President Clinton -- get this -- is shopping for a home after his presidency in England near Oxford, where he went to school. Apparently two reasons -- one, he is considering a teaching job there at Oxford. And two, its about as far away he can get from Hillary without learning a new language.Its the first day of summer. It was so nice today, George W. Bush down in Texas was holding executions outside.Gary Graham.had the shoddiest trial in history. . Bush, the little Bush kid, whos the running for president -- Hes been trying to kill this guy. . This was this guys 21st appeal. And Bush, today, said, you know, 20 appeals? My God, who, does this guy think he is, Elian Gonzalez?The Senate voted today to spend $1 billion. Theyve been talking about this for a while now. $1 billion going to the country of Colombia for drugs -- to fight drugs that is. Thats right. The State Department says this is strategic thinking, to stop the drugs there, before they get to Whitney Houston.Ralph Nader. . He had a press conference with Jimmy Hoffa. They are joining forces, Jimmy Hoffa and Ralph Nader. Apparently the Teamsters and the Green Party want to get together and form a party that conserves energy by never working.The government is finally going to put warning labels on cigars. Of course, people who smoke have said for years they should also put it on cigars and now theyre gonna do it. Its gonna say, Warning -- cigars are a link to cancer, heart disease and impeachment.A new book is coming up. It says J. Edgar Hoover, the G-man from the FBI all those years -- J. Edgar Hoover is partially black. Can you believe that? They said hes got a lot of black blood. I tell ya, I knew he was a queen. I didnt know he was RuPaul.George Bush, you know the little Bush kid? . Hes on a whirlwind tour this week -- this must be difficult for him -- of minority groups. Monday he was speaking to Hispanics in Washington. Tuesday he was with Blacks in Detroit, his home turf. . Luckily, hes heading for a weekend where he can decompress playing golf at an all-white country club.Those Middle East peace talks are continuing. . Clinton, he stayed one extra day, but then, he had to go off to Japan for his next summit.  Hes cheating on this summit.He left Madeleine Albright, our Secretary of State, in charge of the summit. . I dont think she really commands the same respect as the President does, because the first written proposal today to her was signed Dick Hertz.Clinton is very concerned about this, because this is a big part of his legacy, and I think its amazing that he got these two parties to stay. Whats more amazing is that Clinton seems to have better luck in hotel rooms with Palestinian terrorists than Little Rock trailer trash.Gore went to Texas. Now, hes making fun of Bush in his home state. He said the rainy day fund that they have down there in Texas under Bush only is worth 16 hours. In other words, the rainy day fund can only run the state for 16 hours, even less if you run the electric chair.Dick Cheney is a veteran of Washington politics and Republican politics. His first job in Washington was Fords -- Gerald Fords chief-of- staff. So they just think that George W. Bush and a guy who worked for Ford are going to get along well. Because during the 70s Bush and Ford both spent a lot of time tripping.President Clinton, he has certainly been earning his pay. As you know, he was over there in Japan with the G-8 summit, flew back, raced back to talk with the leaders of the Mideast. He threw himself in there Sunday night. Got back from his trip, threw himself in, talked with the negotiators. Then today, talked all day with Barak and Arafat, oddly enough, only about Tiger Woods.Finally, we should mention that tomorrow is the tenth anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act which had a great impact on integrating the handicapped in this country to mainstream society. Of course, you only have to look at the presidential race and you realize how they have boosted the careers of the lame.Yesterday, it was just speculation. Whew! Thank God today its official. Dick Cheney is going to be Bushs vice presidential candidate. Boy, if he was any duller, hed be on Big Brother.But apparently hes a can-do kind of guy and thats what Bush wanted. He wanted a guy who was loyal, smart and in a pinch could score a gram.Bush conceded that Dick Cheney is perhaps not the most exciting guy in the world, but he has been around Washington forever and he can explain to George W. Bush the tricky stuff, like how a bill becomes a law. I dont know whats going on there in that Middle East summit, but President Clinton still tirelessly, and I mean than literally, tirelessly working, taking care of business and working overtime there with Arafat. But, you know, thats what happens when you put off creating your legacy until the last minute.The Republican convention is coming next week to Philadelphia. And the city of Philadelphia knocked down 950 dilapidated houses the other day. Thats right. They want to spruce up for the Republican convention. They say they were inspired by the theme of the convention - Out of sight, out of mind.Bush and Cheney, theyve made their first campaign stop today. They went to Wyoming, his home state. They were well received by Republicans there. They praised the choice of Dick Cheney. They say he adds something to the ticket that Bush desperately needs, adult supervision.Last year, (Cheney) made $26 million, good salary, as CEO of Halliburton, apparently a big oil concern there. $26 million. But he says he has the exact same values he had when he made $15 million.Overseas, Fidel Castro, proving Arafat is not the only foreign leader who can get national attention, staged a million-Cuban march. Although I dont think it was quite a million in Havana to protest our economic embargo against the Cubans. Back here in the states, Cuban Americans protested. They denounced Castro. They said he heads a fascist regime that monitors and scrutinizes its citizens everyday existence. And then, they went off and watched Big Brother.The broadcast networks announced today they are going to air less of the conventions, the political conventions -- the Republicans start next week, of course -- than they ever have before. They interviewed one guy. He said he had no interest in seeing a phony, predetermined drama. And also, it conflicted with wrestling.Did you watch the convention? The Republican Convention started tonight? No, of course, you didnt. No one did. I had to, its my job and I resented it.If you didnt see it, it looked like the WB. Ive never seen so many -- it was an endless parade of black people. Im telling you. Im not kidding. It was like Showtime at the Apollo.There was blacks, Hispanics, more blacks, Native Americans, more blacks. You wouldnt have known it was a Republican convention except for all the rich white guys in the audience checking for their wallets.Im telling you, they had Asian unwed mothers, they had a black choir, an R&B group with dancers. Finally, thank God, Laura Bush came out to remind everyone that yes, it is still the party of boring white people. And then Colin Powell came out. And they voted him out of the house. So I dont know what that means.Well, the theme of tonight was Leave no child behind. And apparently, the Republicans were touting it that they were very successful in attacking attention deficit disorder. Because it turns out that kicking kids off of welfare, that does get their attention.Yes, the leave no child behind theme is very close to the heart of George W. Bush because you know when he was a child he was left behind twice. Once in third grade and once in the eighth grade.Each night of the convention, they have a theme, because that kicks the ratings right from obscurity to oblivion.Tonight was strength and security, with a purpose, safe in our homes and in our world. That was the theme, security and safety, which they thought was a good balance to last nights theme. Last nights theme, Negros, not all of them are scary.Most of the night, they saluted the old war horses of the Republican Party. They had taped packages on Ford, remember Ford, Bush, President Bush. Reagan, Dole. You heard of  Must See TV? This was Musty TV. Some Republicans dont get named at all, now, at the convention. Nixon, never heard of him. Quayle? Quayle who? Newt Gingrich, interesting. And one they didnt mention, Goldwater. The reason there was they thought George W. Bush would hear Goldwater and might panic and think he might have to give a urine test.The whole military thing backfired. Dole saluted the veterans. McCain gave a speech on military strength. Then Georgie Bush was talking about his favorite scene from Stripes.Third day of the Republican convention and before we get into the politics, we should say our thoughts are with former President Ford. Thats not political. Right at the convention, he had a stroke. But hes okay.  Thats good. But what a thing. It confused a lot of the delegates. They first saw him stumble. They couldnt tell if it was something serious or he was doing it for old times sake.No, hes okay. Hes in the hospital. Hes has a little trouble with his balance. A little trouble slurring his words. But his condition has been upgraded from Reagan to Cheney.Dick Cheney, who they thought was very placid, made an attack dog speech. The first time in this whole convention. He was practically foaming at the mouth. Although, that could be just another heart attack.Well, this was the night that the nominee himself, George W. Bush, the little Bush kid whos running for president -- he arrived in Philadelphia. The first place he went, Im not kidding, was the Art Museum. Remember the big steps in Rocky? Thats where he went. That was the symbol. Dumb idea. You dont want to remind people of something that spawned a lousy sequel.Barbara Bush said were going to restore honor and dignity -- wink wink, you know what that means -- to the White House. And she rued the day that the Bushes left. And she said, it would be better if we could go back to a presidency where all the lying was about taxing and all the stains were about vomit.I know why youre happy tonight. We finally had the big moment tonight that America was waiting for at the Republican National Convention. The end.I was getting sick of that. Now theyre the touchy feely party.  Their theme was inclusiveness. Tonights benediction was from the naked gay guy from Survivor.This was little George Bush -- hes running for president -- this was the little Bush kids.big moment. He made his speech. I thought, as speeches go, it was a very well written speech. He tried to invoke Reagan, for example, bringing the inclusive theme to the bosom. The wall between the haves and have nots. We must tear down this wall. Later on he had to admit, he tried to tear down the wall between his nostrils.He also went on the attack, though. Also hit Al Gore pretty hard. He said -- trying to link Clinton and Gore - This is not a time for third chances. Its a time for new beginnings. Which is also a line, by the way, he uses on inmates right before he throws the switch.Right before he spoke, they showed one of those films they always do at the conventions. Films to make you love the guy. It was called The Sky is the Limit. It was footage of the Bushes walking on the beach, relaxing at home. It confused the delegates. They thought it was a commercial for Claritin.Al Gore has picked Joseph Lieberman, Senator Lieberman, to be his running mate. I think Gore panicked. He saw the Republicans kissing ass with the blacks and the Hispanics and he said, Quick, get the Jew.We all know why he picked Lieberman. Because Lieberman distances Gore from Clinton, because Lieberman was Clintons biggest Democratic criticizer during impeachment. Although Lieberman does have mixed feelings. He did criticize Clintons behavior with Monica, but he commended him.he commended him for getting half off.Now, its going to be a difficult campaign because being an Orthodox Jew, Senator Lieberman does not campaign on Saturdays at all. He said he would make up for it on the other days by not only kissing babies, he would be happy to circumcise them as well.There is no arguing the fact that, as of today, Gore trails Bush by 17 points. And in a related news item at the box office this weekend, The Nutty Professor is running far ahead of The Hollowman.I know youre excited today. They saw a Jew in Nashville.Im sure you saw that on the news. The Gore-Lieberman ticket kicked off officially today in Nashville. Thats, of course, Al Gores home state, Tennessee. Im not sure if theyre that familiar with the Jewish culture down there in Nashville. I dont know how much theyre used to seeing it. There was a huge crowd there that turned out for the event. But a lot of them said they came to see Liebermans nutty neighbor, Kramer.But I didnt know this. Al Gore used to serve as Liebermans shavez goy. Did you hear that? Do you know what a shavez goy is? I did not know this. A shavez goy is someone who performs chores for a Jewish person whose Orthodox -- Lieberman is Orthodox -- on the Sabbath. Simple things like turning on a light, that they cant do. . And in exchange, now, Lieberman has taken over some things and done tasks that Gore couldnt do. For example, calling the President an adulterer.Apparently, this ticket, this Gore-Lieberman ticket, is working because Bush, you know the little Bush kid running for President, he had a 19- point lead the other day. It is now down to 2. Wow. Whatever, but -- but this is the first time in history a Jew has knocked 80% off.Speaking of Bush, we mentioned this yesterday, but tomorrow, scheduled, not just one execution, but two -- down there in Texas. Its a twilight double header. And theres a bit of a controversy because one of the people theyre going to execute is mentally retarded. And some say that this is cruel. George W. Bush said today no, that hes just being inclusive.The Bush campaign, they keep using the code words, They want to restore honor and dignity to the White House. (Which means) You know who got you know what.Thats the reason Al Gore got Lieberman on the ticket. Because their version of that is, Hey, were going to make the White House kosher again.You should know, these are not the only people running for president. Pat Buchanan, as we speak, is trying to marshal his troops, and I do mean troops.And in Palm Springs this week, today, yesterday, the Stonewall Democrats are meeting. They are the gay and lesbian Democrats. They have their own convention. And you can tell its a gay and lesbian convention because all the guys are laying out by the pool and all the women are playing golf.Heres what some party should address -- too much big government in our lives. Today, in Ohio -- do you know this? A law goes into effect where if you want to buy five or more kegs of beer, you have to register the location of the party and there is a five-day waiting period. Now, as a Libertarian, I for one am incensed that theyre treating alcohol like guns. And if you think Im upset, you should see Charlton Heston. Wow.At the White House today, President Clinton give the Medal of Freedom to a number of people (including) Jesse Jackson, who said he had mixed feelings about the Medal of Freedom. On one hand, he said its a great honor. On the other hand, it makes him look like Al Sharpton.I dont know if you heard this, but the entire Western US is on fire. Not a good thing, but there are incredible fires out there. They say the smoke is even thicker than the one last week at the Republican convention. Not to worry. All of our nuclear secrets are safe in China.Its so weird that, you know, Clinton has the sex, and the rest of the country has the burning sensation.The White House announced today that they are going to have to put porn blockers on the Internet. Staff member -- staff members at the White House have been downloading porn off the Internet. Im not kidding about this.  Most of it, they say, was being viewed after hours by the cleaning staff. And in their defense, the cleaning staff said they were just trying to identify the stains on the carpet.A follow-up to a story weve been following all week about the executions in Texas. They did it yesterday. They executed two guys. I love this. One of the guys, his last words before they pulled the switch or gave him the injection was, Kiss my ass. And Governor Bush -- he was very annoyed at this. He said today, You know, I try to be compassionate and this is the thanks I get.This is the Democrats (convention). It started tonight. And you know, their thunder got stolen. Another story in the news. A Russian nuclear sub is at the bottom of the sea. Theyre trying to rescue it. This is a big story. Its stuck at the bottom of the sea. I also feel sorry for President Clinton because this was supposed to be his big night for him to put the past behind him and the headline tonight is lost sea men.But they did start their big convention. And they werent going to be outdone by the Republicans. They started off with the Star Spangled Banner sung by a Hispanic boy. And then Janet Reno got a little drunk because half way through the song, she rushed the stage and said she was going to send the little bastard back to Cuba.Ill tell you that the scuttlebutt around this town is that the Gores are very mad at the Clintons because they -- the Clintons, Hillary and Bill -- came to town here and they are sucking up all the donation money for their own causes -- his presidential library, they raised a lot for, her Senate campaign. In fact, Gore said if it wasnt for the Chinese, hed have no cash at all.But Ill tell you -- Hollywood loves this Gore-Lieberman ticket. I know this because today, three studios green lighted projects about a robot that teams up with a rabbi.Tonight was the night the Latino fundraising event was supposed to be at the Playboy mansion but they had to move that to B.B. Kings Blues Club. The Playboy mansion is a little too controversial for the Democrats. . They had to move that. And Hugh Hefner was hurt but he says hes still okay with the Democrats. Even tonight, he is standing firmly behind as many women as possible.Well, tonight was what they called liberal night at the Democratic convention. Four Kennedys spoke including Ted Kennedy. Ted spoke. He made an impassioned speech but I thought he took a little bit of a cheap shot. He blamed Chappaquidic on those damn Firestone tires.And Bill Bradley spoke. Bill Bradley spoke, Ill tell you the crowd was electrified, literally with cattle prods so theyd stay awake.This is a very liberal delegation that goes to the Democratic convention. There are 212 gay, lesbian and bisexual delegates and one transgender delegate. Im not kidding about that. . This is a delegate who used to be a man. In fact, President Clinton said yesterday, not only does he not feel her pain, it hurts just to think about it.They asked the transgender delegate what she thought of the Republicans and she said, You know, that Bush is a phony. And trust me, I know a phony Bush when I see one.I dont know if you saw this, Mr. Al Gore made surprise visit to the stage. This is not usually done. The candidate is not seen until the last night. He made a surprise visit. This is the first time in history anybody ever said, Wow, its Al Gore.Actually, George W. Bush said he would have done the same thing, but he didnt want to give Dick Cheney a heart attack.But it was an exciting night, the third night of the Democratic National Convention. Stevie Wonder sang the national anthem. His blindness never came up, except for one moment afterwards. Stevey said, I cant see a Jew as vice president.Well, it was also the big night for Mr. Joe Lieberman, our vice presidential candidate for the Democrats. He made his big speech. His quote that will be remembered, he said, Its not just the size of Americas feast, its how many people we can fit around the table. You know, its always food with these people.And the speech seemed to be very well received. I dont know if this is indicative of anything. But George W. Bush took a page out of his fathers book. He said we need a kinder, more gentile nation.Well, the presidential race seems to be tightening quite a bit.  Democrats doing very well now. Apparently, the convention did a lot for them.  Okay. Finally, it was a good convention. In fact, the LAPD today was bragging that they kept things under very good order. No, truly, they said they only had to turn the fire hoses on once. And that was to separate Al and Tipper Gore.Speaking of which, did you hear the little bit of controversy that happened to President Clinton? Hes on vacation. He was signing autographs. He signed a womans t-shirt yesterday -- and she whipped it right off. She was wearing a bra. But, I mean, she whipped it right off and then the Secret Service arrested her. And Clinton was very nice about it. Not only did he ask that she not be arrested, he then offered to sign her pants.John McCain, cancer free. Isnt that good news? Mr. McCain, as you know, he had skin cancer, he announced last week. He went to the hospital yesterday. Apparently, they got it all. They said hes cancer free. They sent him home. He does, doctors say, still have a little pain in his jaw. But they said that is mostly from trying to campaign for Bush with a straight face.Bush and Gore both spoke at the VFW this week. Yesterday was Bushs turn, today Gore. And theyre firing these shots at each other. Bush said our military is not ready. And Gore said today, Oh, yeah, but I was in Vietnam, and you werent. And now Bush shot back, he said, Yeah, but my VP, Dick Cheney has a purple heart. You know, an actual purple heart. And he said -- he said your VP, Lieberman is Jewish, and the Jews are known for avoiding drafts.I feel sorry for Firestone. You know, since their recall -- and they brought in more tires today -- since the recall, three more people have died driving SUVs. Always the SUVs. And George Bush said today -- this is really disturbing -- he said, Just when the Republicans started appealing to soccer moms, theyre dying in droves.We found out who won Survivor. Good, yes. Yeah, that was the big news. Thats what everybodys talking about. 52 million people watched this, even the presidential candidates have tried to jump on the bandwagon. Now Bush today said that hes going to try to restore honor and dignity to the Big Brother house.Figures are in on the Clinton defense fund, his legal defense fund. Many people -- I am among them -- think he has been treated unfairly. Took $1 million this year. They have $8 million. A lot of people gave because they thought he was treated unfairly. Others just wanted to stop the mailings. You know, because these mailings would come and they would show President Clinton with the words, Wont you please help me to get off?A spokesman for the White House today about this said, You know, its just a shame that being a fat guy with no pants pays so much less in Washington, DC, than it does on CBS.In Brussels, President Bush stopped by Belgiums most exclusive chocolate shop and bought a huge box of chocolates. Thats great. Like Europeans dont already think of him as Forrest Gump.President Bush ordered the Navy finally to stop their bombing exercises off the Puerto Rican island of Vieques. The President said, Weve been bombing this place for 50 years, if they havent surrendered by now..