The new Cabinet in Washington, new ideas are coming out of there. A new one to eliminate the Social Security crisis and help with the war in Iraq. Draft the elderly.President Bush and his wife, theyve got a new dog today. Isnt that cute? The little rascal has stained the rug in the Oval Office. So they had to name him Clinton.You know why the President had to get a new dog -- because the old one resigned.Heres an update on that Miss Beazley, the new puppy at the White House. Today there was a biting incident involving Dick Cheney. Dont worry. The dogs OK.They say that the security arrangements for the upcoming presidential inauguration will be the most extensive in history, and thats just to keep the Bush twins away from the champagne.CBS News today has fired four employees for wildly fabricating a news story. The good news, they all got jobs over at Fox.Mahmoud Abbas is the new President of the PLO. Asked about Abbas, President Bush said Hey, I love that song Dancing Queen.The White House officially concluded today that there are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Boy, what a tough couple of months its been for George Bush. This month, no weapons. Last month -- last month, no Santa.Doctors have pointed out one serious side effect of steroids. There is a slight chance you could become governor of California.Today, President Bush admitted he has regrets about saying the phrase Osama bin Laden, wanted dead or alive. He has now changed the phrase to Osama bin Laden, who cares, I got elected.The Army says that 28 prisoners escaped from the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Theyre afraid the naked guys have blended in to a Christina Aguilera video. So we may never find them.Condoleezza Rice said there are no plans to invade North Korea. Which can mean only one thing. North Korea doesnt have any oil.Washington, DC is on high alert for this weeks inaugural of President Bush. Anti-aircraft missiles have been deployed near the Capitol. F-16 fighter jets are patrolling, and every bartender in the District has strict orders, do not serve the Bush twins.Im starting to worry about President Bush again. When aides told him that Condoleezza Rice had been confirmed today he said, I didnt even know she was Catholic.The Supreme Court voted 6-3 to legalize gay sex as long as its casual sex. None of that married gay sex.Did you see in Washington today, the parties have ended, the inauguration is over and its back to business for President Bush -- thats right, today he left for a vacation.Religious groups are accusing Sponge Bob Square Pants of promoting homosexuality to children, which is wrong. Thats the sort of thing that should be left up to the priests.The NBC President ripped CBS today. He really went after us today. He called the Dan Rather incident a disgrace. The interview was cut short, though, when he had to run down to Fear Factor to watch a rat-eating contest.Oscar fever has gripped the nation. I think its getting a little out of hand. Today, during her confirmation before the US Senate, Condoleezza Rice said it was an honor just to be nominated.Also in Washington, President Bush has asked Congress for another $80 billion to fight the war in Iraq. Another $80 billion. Wouldnt it be cheaper to just buy Iraq?Officials in Iraq are worried about the upcoming election, they think it would lead to a civil war. At this point, isnt a civil war an improvement?The value of the dollar continues to plummet. A dollar is now worth so little, CBS has offered me a raise.According to the folks at the White House, the Federal budget deficit is now a whopping $427 billion. For a guy who quit drinking, President Bush surely knows how to run up a tab, didnt he?The founder of the hip-hop record label Murder, Inc. ? Murder, Inc. ? has been accused of laundering $1 million in drug money. Police say they first became suspicious when he named his company Murder, Inc.President Bush has plans to shrink the record budget deficit. Hes put all of the Blue States on EBay, all of them.Happy birthday to Vice President Dick Cheney, who turns 64 this Sunday. Isnt that lovely? Oh, lovely. He plans to spend the day with his loved ones, Shell and Exxon.The government, in Washington today, the government said they may soon tax plastic surgery. The tax is projected to make more than $500 million a year. $500 million a year. And thats just from Cher.Congratulations, by the way, to Condoleezza Rice, who today was confirmed as Secretary of State. This makes Rice the most powerful black woman in the country -- next to Oprah, of course.The US Mint has released the new California state quarter. On one side is Governor Schwarzeneggers head. On the other side is the rest of his head.Big news out of Iraq today. Voter turnout was higher than expected yesterday. The big losers were the terrorists. In fact, theyve changed the name from Al Qaeda to Al Gore. Thats how much they lost.A scary moment earlier today. Hillary Clinton fainted during a speech. Shes fine. Heres what I dont understand. Why was Bill giving mouth-to-mouth to her assistant? What is that all about?The new Medicare drug benefit passed by Congress last year will now cover lifestyle drugs such as Viagra. Yeah. Government spokesman explained that American seniors will no longer have to decide between buying groceries and getting booty calls.Iraqs interim president says that thousands of Iraqis couldnt vote because they ran out of ballots. The situation is so bad theyve declared a state of Ohio.I guess people who rather watch someone who cant sing rather than someone who cant speak...Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice left for Europe this morning with a plan to visit every country that sided with the US in the war on Iraq. She should be back in about half an hour.Here some good economic news, over 145,000 new jobs were created. And thats just reporters outside the Michael Jackson trial.A Marine general who served in Iraq is in trouble for saying its fun to shoot people. Thanks to his remarks, hes now received a job with the LAPD.It was a big Super Bowl weekend. Former President Bill Clinton was there. He scored more times than the Eagles.President Bushs new budget slices money for Medicaid, which is bad news for Dick Cheney. From now on, Medicaid only covers three heart attacks.Dick Cheney says he will not consider running for president in 2008. He says that being president for two terms is long enough.The US Postal Service issued a new stamp of Ronald Reagan today. I cant wait for the George W. Bush stamp. Thats when your letter goes to Iraq for no reason and the stamp cant explain why.North Korea has announced today they have nuclear weapons and they have no plans to give them up. Quickly, the White House announced plans to invade Iran.The results are in from the big Iraqi election: 76% for Ray Charles! He did it again!The FDA has set up a new procedure by which drugs will be tested and approved in less than four years. Its called college.Rush Limbaugh is going to travel to Afghanistan. Havent these people suffered enough?This morning, President Bush met with the king of Belgium. They got off to a rocky start this morning when the President said, I love your waffles.In a new poll asking people who theyd vote for if George Washington ran against President Bush, George Washington won by 20%. Thats good. So counting Al Gore, that would be the second time Bush lost to a dead guy.President Bush told Belgiums king he wanted to be treated like he would treat a foreigner in this country. So Belgium deported him.President Bush continues his European trip by meeting with Germanys Chancellor Schroeder. It was an awkward moment when Bush asked, Hows Charlie Brown?Michael Jackson might testify. Bush wants to bomb Syria. Martha Stewart is free. Thats correct, March Madness is officially here.Bill Clinton, do you remember him? He had another operation this week to correct a lingering shortness of breath. When asked to describe his symptoms, he said it felt like there were two interns on his chest. Maybe it was just one big one.Yesterday, a judge ruled that Californias ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional. ... So congratulations, gay people. Youre about to discover the joys of alimony.When President Bush heard about the ruling, the gay marriage ruling, he said Why would a gay and a lesbian want to get married?California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke out against gay marriage and then he went back and showed off his muscles in front of guys.According to a recent safety survey, Baghdad is the worlds most dangerous city. Well, theres a surprise, all right? After hearing about this, President Bush was quoted as saying, Oh, sure, now you tell me.Congress is asking baseball players to testify about steroids. They asked President Bush about the steroid problem. He said, I just use a little Preparation H.Congress today conducted an undercover investigation of steroids in baseball. Their conclusion -- the Chicago Cubs are just months away from getting nuclear weapons.The folks at NASA have invented a machine that turns urine into drinking water. Theyve already got a slogan for it thats sold in the stores ? Were Number One!Gas prices in LA have gone crazy. Theyre absolutely nuts, arent they? Gas is so expensive now there is a car pool lane for drive-by shootings.Officials have closed a road in the Poconos on the East Coast so that amphibians can cross to their breeding ground. Theyll also be closing the streets between Bill Clintons apartment and the Times Square Hooters.This week the Supreme Court will hear a case about internet music piracy. Regardless of the outcome, one thing is certain, it will be the first time Chief Justice William Rehnquist will say the word Hoobastank.Scientists in China -- this is a great story. Theyve successfully cloned a buffalo. Upon hearing the news, President Bush warned China not to clone any other American cities.A woman in Louisiana discovered $40,000 worth of cocaine wrapped around the fuel tank of her car. Its true. So she sold it and bought a tank of gas for her car.President Bush went to Rome for the Popes funeral. There was an awkward moment when he met a group of Cardinals and congratulated them on beating the Astros.Finally, someone gave President Bush an iPod, and the President asked, Where can I get one for the other eye?Bush asked Bill Clinton for advice about what to do in Iraq, and Clinton said dont pull out until you hear her husbands car in the driveway.In Washington, DC, they are very excited about having a baseball team. Even ex-junkie Mayor Marion Berry said, Buy me some peanuts and crack.If you dont know, Dick Cheney was on a hunting trip this weekend. He accidentally shot his 78-year-old lawyer buddy in the face. Now, look, this type of thing is what we call in the late-night comedy world, we call this thing a lob.Making jokes about something like this is like shooting fish in a barrel. Bad analogy. Its like dressing up your friend in an orange jump suit and shooting him in a barrel.Cheney has been -- hes been talking to people. Apparently the guy is OK. But Cheneys had four heart attacks. Cheneys standards of health are different from our standards of health. The guys just been shot! Hes a long way from OK!You know in Cheneys condition, Cheneys had four heart attacks, should he be around guns?Cheneys friend, the lawyer fellow, get well soon and all that. He is a lawyer. But he got shot in the face. But hes a lawyer, he can use his other face, hell be all right.The big scandal is apparently is they didnt release the news for 18 hours. I dont think thats a scandal at all. Finally theres a secret that the Vice Presidents office can keep.Apparently the reason he didnt release the information right away is he said, we had to get the facts right. Its never stopped them in the past!Who will go hunting with Cheney now? Oh, hey, Dick, Im not doing much this weekend, why? Hunting? No, I cant. Go fishing. Im going fishing with Rumsfeld. I cant quit him.Its a great day for America, everybody. Great day for America, not such a great day for Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Theyre at it already. Its 18 months ? theyre not even, its even for the nomination, theyre fighting, theyre feuding. Barack and Hillary, fighting and feuding. Why cant they shake hands and say, May the best man win.The feud between them started when the Hollywood mogul David Geffen, whos an ? he supports Obama. He called the Clintons liars. Now, listen, when a Hollywood producer calls you a liar, he knows what hes talking about.Do you know who may win an Oscar is Al Gore for the movie An Inconvenient Truth. He may win an Oscar. Hes got a good chance because if it was up to Hollywood, hed be president, so they might give it him.Al Gore won an award for the global warming movie. Did you see Al Gore at the Oscars? Doesnt look like hes trying to save the planet, he looks like hes been trying to eat the planet.Now, I am not taking a stance. Listen, Im not putting out a liberal ? Im not flying a liberal agenda or a conservative agenda, but I think the conservatives are down playing the global warming because theyd like California and New York to be under water. I think thats what theyre looking for. I see through their plan.The big thing to do to offset the damage done by the carbon emission is to plant a lot of trees. The trees do a lot of good. They do magic tree work. And the Mayor of L.A., the Mayor of Los Angeles, Antonio Villaraigosa, he has this plan, in L.A., theres billboards everywhere. They say Lets Plant A Million Trees, all these billboards ironically made of paper.Im not exactly sure what Scooter did. Its complicated. It will be difficult for him to explain in prison. Thats what they talk about in the big house, apparently. What are you in for? Armed robbery, murder. What are you in for? I worked for a government official who was mad at a diplomat who was married to a spy, and then someone leaked to a reporter about it. Then someone asked me some questions about it, and I was economical with the truth.The simple reason he is going to jail, of course, he lied. But he doesnt just do that, I mean, he just didnt, just lie. Everybody lies in Washington. Come on. You dont go to jail for lying in Washington. He lied under oath. See, and unfortunately for him, he was up against one of those rhyming lawyers. If it rhymes in the courtroom, youre in trouble. You know that ? if it rhymes, it must be true. You know, If the glove dont fit, you must acquit. You see, its true. The prosecutor got him with If his name is Libby, he told a fibby.People are saying that Scooter Libby is taking a bullet for Dick Cheney. Im not sure about that. I dont think so. If Cheney wants someone to take a bullet, he usually delivers it himself. Right in the face.I have my suspicions about this trip. I think hes just going to be on spring break with his daughters.I have my suspicions about this trip. I think hes just going to be on spring break with his daughters.It was a great weekend for Hillary Clinton, who raised $2.6 million at her Hollywood fundraiser last night. I wasnt there. Do you know who wasnt there? Bill wasnt there. Where was he? He was in New York at Elton Johns birthday party. Well, you know Bill, he loves the fat girls.Today, the story is that scientists have made a new breed of sheep, which is part human, part sheep. Im not kidding! ... Yeah, its 15% human! They made a sheep thats 15% human. You know, if you make Hillary Clinton 15% human, shell make a lot more money.Its the start of the baseball season, which is great. ... I like when the stadiums have promotional nights. They give stuff away, t-shirts, badges. They dont always go well. Back in the 1970s, the Yankees, at Yankee Stadium, gave away free baseball bats. Thousands of drunk guys in the South Bronx at night, lets give them all weapons. What could possibly go wrong? Its like giving Dick Cheney a martini and a handgun. Its a very predictable result.Baseball is now all about the money and the steroids. They make so much money now, they take the steroids to shrink their testicles so they have more room for the giant wallets in their pocket.Its a great day for the 15 British sailors that were held hostage in Iran. They returned home today. On their way out of Iran, they were each given a little gift bag with a CD In it. Its a compilation album of the Iranian pop charts. Thats what I call jihad.The big movie opening today, Grindhouse. The big movie. Rose McGowan plays a girl with a machine gun leg. Dick Cheneys dream girl right there.Its very cold on the East Coast. Very cold in America. Very cold on the East Coast. Just to stay warm, Don Imus hugged Al Sharpton today. Snuggled up.Big environmental news. Madonna and The Police have signed on to play that Al Gores benefit, you know, that concert to save the planet. Theyve signed up to do that, and its about time because the musicians from the 80s, they should do their part for the environment. Because it all started with the hair spray thing. That was them.Imus fans shouldnt worry about Imus. He is working on a new show, The Amazing Racist.Its Hookergate in Washington. ... This woman named Miss Julia...ran a high-class prostitution ring in Washington, DC, and she is releasing the names of her clients. Look, yeah, shock and awe, Ill bet theres shock and awe.One of the Bush Administration officials, Randall Tobias, hes already resigned because of the scandal. Its starting to look like GOP stands for Gittin it on with a Prostitute.I dont know why anybody is surprised by male politicians getting involved with prostitutes. Everybody knows men make stupid decisions when it comes to sex. It not because they are Republicans or Democrats, it is because they are men. It is what we do. It is true. You dont hear about Madeleine Albright and Condoleezza Rice going nuts in Vegas with a male stripper.All across the country today, there were immigration protests. I always think when I see that...is this a good idea, because if youre an illegal immigrant, the last thing you should be doing is drawing attention to yourself. The immigration people are going to know where to find you.Earlier tonight, the first of the big presidential debates, the Republicans held their first debate. John McCain said if elected, he was going to continue the war. Rudy Giuliani said if elected, hed focus on tax...reform. ... Mike Huckabee said if elected, hed be amazed.The debate made much clearer who the republican nominee will be. Its going to be a grumpy old white guy.Hillary Clinton, another grumpy old white guy. She said -- she said ? Im just kidding. ... She said her favorite TV show is American idol. Of course, Bills favorite show is Wife Swap.There is a hotel in California. I don know if you heard about this. It is taking the Bible out of its nightstands and replacing it with Al Gores book An Inconvenient Truth. Not because they have an environmentalist agenda. They just want to help their guests get to sleep at night.The DC Madam released her client list. Oh, yeah. There havent been this many nervous lawyers in Washington since Dick Cheney renewed his hunting license.Here is the big news today. The Queen of England...at the White House. She was at the White House. She was honored with a 21-gun salute. There she is, with Dick Cheney. You can say what you like about the Queen but she is a brave woman. If she attends a shooting event with Dick, come on.You dont want to be walking around wearing a big feathery hat. It is hunting season.It is probably safe. Cheney never actually hit the bird. What you dont want to do is look like a lawyer.The White House gave the Queen a white tie dinner. Very bad news for the President, because he uses his tie like a napkin.Bill Clinton. Did you hear about this? He has designed a crossword puzzle for the New York Times -- 32 across, four-letter word for Hillary. Dude.The Democrats had a big debate last night. Hillary Clinton and John Edwards got into a heated argument about foreign policy and then had slap-fight over who has prettier bangs. Of course, Edwards won.Dick Cheneys buddy, Scooter Libby, was sentenced to 30 months in jail. ... He should get along okay with the other prisoners. You know what they say about scooters. Theyre fun to ride until your friends see you.Steven Spielberg is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president and putting her in his new movie Raiders of the Lost Cause.Its Monday. ... Great day for America. Not such a great day for the International Space Station. All of their computers crashed. Must have been terrifying for the astronauts. No way to download porn in space.New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg left the Republican Party. He is now an independent. He used to be a Democrat. Then he was a Republican. Now he is an independent. This guy is going to run for president. I can smell it. Who is going to accuse him of flip-flopping?According to the story of Noah, people laughed at him while he was building his ark. He was preparing for climate change, he was like Al Gore. If Al Gore was building an ark, he would need five of every animal -- two to repopulate the earth, three to eat.Donald Rumsfeld is writing a book about his experiences as Secretary of Defense. He had no problem starting the book. He has no idea how to end the damn thing.Two movies opening today. The cartoon Ratatouille and Michael Moores movie, Sicko. Two very different movies, of course. Ones about a big rat whos obsessed with food, always getting into trouble, and the other ones Ratatouille.George W. Bush, of course, hes 61 today. Also, Sylvester Stallone 61 today. ... Stallone and Bush dont have much in common. One is a bad actor who mumbles and blows stuff up, and the other one is Sylvester Stallone.Hilary Swank is 33 today. Isnt that weird? Hilary swank and Arnold Schwarzenegger have the same birthday? They couldnt be more different. One is a he-man with rippling muscles and the other is the Governor of California.Do you remember the rumors that Keith Richards snorted his fathers ashes with cocaine? Now Keith is saying these rumors are partially true. He did snort his fathers ashes but he didnt mix them with cocaine. I suppose that would be disrespectful.Anyway the biggest story today is from the Google people, who have a new version of Google maps coming out. ... Listen, if Google can use this satellite, why cant they find Osama bin Laden? I am serious. Why cant they? This is a 65 man wearing a turban in the middle of the damn desert. Hey America, I am over here. I am working on my MySpace page. I dont understand it.Not everything can be seen on the Google maps. Some places have been blurred out for security reasons. Places like Dick Cheneys house have been blurred out. Who knows how many victims of hunting accidents are in that backyard?The Presidents advisor, Karl Rove, announced hes resigning. ... I didnt think anyone at the White House had an exit strategy. I was amazed to hear that.And, Karl Rove, though has been called Bushs brain, I dont really know if thats a compliment, really, is it? Its like being called Paris Hiltons talent or something. Its like being called Trumps hair.Take that, President who could have me thrown out of the country in a second. Its a joke, sir. It was a joke.Its a great day for most of America, but not for Hawaii. Theyre waiting. Hurricane Flossie is bearing down. This storm is so huge that already FEMA is making preparations to ignore it.The animal rights people are angry at Karl Rove. He is spending Labor Day dove hunting. ... Maybe they would feel better if they knew he was going hunting with Dick Cheney.Karl Rove stepped down this week. He said he wants to spend more time with his loved ones. I think I speak for us all when I say Karl Rove has loved ones?I think hes leaving now so he has plenty of time to steal Christmas.Steven Seagal is blaming the FBI for ruining his movie rear career. ... Im not making this up. Hes saying that hes not getting the movie roles he wants because of a...false FBI investigation. They said, It is our job to stop people from making bombs, and we will continue to do it.Theyre doing it for America. Thats right. Take that, Seagal, you muscle-bound marital artist that can crush me with one hand.Hey, the race for the White House is really heating up. Hillary Clinton made a very important speech today. She say she favors early withdrawal and she want the troops out of Iraq.The space shuttle Endeavour came home safely. So congratulations to them. Congratulations to the crew, all the staff there at NASA. Well done, you guys. Now, they had to land a day early because of Hurricane Dean and of course they wanted to see the finale of Americas Got Talent.The Democrats had a big debate last night. Hillary Clinton and John Edwards got into a heated argument about foreign policy and then had a slap-fight over who has prettier bangs.Today, Senator Craig tried to change his plea. He was charged with disorderedly conduct. He originally claimed guilty. Then he changed it. ... He said he didnt understand the guilty plea. Hes a senator of the United States! Its not just that you should understand the law -- you make the law!Al Gore won an Emmy. ... That means his wife gets to go home with two heavy statues.Hillary Clinton is ahead of Barack Obama by 33 points. Hillary is very excited. She hasnt beaten a man this badly since she found out about Monica.Do you know there is an article in Parade magazine to encourage Ben Affleck to run for president? Thats what I said. I opened the magazine and said What! That would mean the first lady would be Matt Damon.There was a big debate tonight with the Democratic candidates for president. Reports say Barack Obama prepared for the debate by studying Bill Clintons techniques. I guess that would explain why he wasnt wearing any pants.It wasnt a very good day for Hillary Clinton. She was criticized by Mitt Romney. He said she had no experience, called her an intern. ... Ridiculous. If Hillary was an intern, Bill would be sleeping with her.Now that the Iowa caucus over, Bill Clinton is hitting the campaign trail for his wife. He...said, Theres two things I want to say about Hillary. First, Id still vote for her even if we never married. And -- sorry, I forgot the second thing. Im thinking about if we never married.The New Hampshire primary is today and it was very warm in New Hampshire today. ... Bill Clinton took time out to rub sunscreen on the backs of Hillarys interns.President Bush today left for the Middle East. At the airport he said he wants to bring peace to Gandalf and all of the hobbits that live out there.Hillary Clinton...pulled off that big upset in the New Hampshire primary. She gave a speech on Monday in which she got teary-eyed, and people are saying thats why she did so well. If this crying thing works for Hillary, all the candidates will be doing it, but I dont know if I want to see our leaders crying. I dont want to see the President crying. Al Qaeda is out there, and they are not crying! Although there are reports that Osama cried at the end of Titanic.It is a great day for America, but not such a great day for Bill Richardson. He dropped out of the presidential race today. I think I speak for all of us in America when I say, Who the hell...is Bill Richardson? ... Hes the Craig Ferguson of the presidential race.You know the big story is of course the return of American Idol, which has been off the air for seven months. The world has changed so much since then, when bin Laden was at large and Tom Cruise was crazy and this was a show on in the middle of the night and nobody was watching it. Actually, everything is exactly the same.Yesterday somebody asked Hillary Clinton if she wanted to be on American Idol and she said she would rather be on Dancing With The Stars and Bill Clinton said he would rather be on The Bachelor.The President is in the Middle East. Yesterday he was in Saudi Arabia, but he was still able to cast his very important vote on American Idol.The Presidents daughter, Jenna Bush, has set a date for her wedding. Shes excited about the marriage, especially the part where she gets to change her name.Osama bin Ladens son...announced today that he wants to be a peace activist. Talk about rebelling against your parents.Down in Florida, the preparations for the upcoming primary are going on. They have one week left to make sure the voting machines dont work.Great day for America everybody. ... Not such a great day for Fred Thompson. He dropped out of the presidential race. I think I speak for us all when I say, Fred Thompson was in the presidential race?With Thompson gone, the door is wide open for the other guys. John McCain is one of them. His campaign team is going to the Florida to get ready for the primary and Hillary Clintons campaign team is going there to get an early start for Bill on Spring Break.Republican candidates are campaigning in Florida. That is the state with the most voters in their 50s and 60s, or as John McCain calls it, the youth vote.UFO stuff is going on in a small town in Texas, Stephensville. There are politicians who say theyve seen UFOs. Jimmy Carter said he saw a UFO and George Bush saw a flying object he couldnt identify. Turns out it was a bird. But he didnt know. He was with Cheney. Cheney shot it. Cheney thought it was a lawyer.President Bush gave the State of the Union address earlier this evening and wasnt it great? It was. I found it very moving and inspiring and very...I didnt watch it either.But this is the last speech that Bush will give as President. It was like a farewell special edition of Are You Smarter Than A 5th Grader?The Florida primary was today, and I am worried about John McCain. I wonder if he will make it to the rest of the primaries. Usually when a man of his age goes to Florida, they dont come back.It is Dick Cheneys birthday and there was a big celebration in Washington, with a 21-gun salute. Each gun aimed at a different lawyer.John McCain did well yesterday, winning in Florida. Who say its is no country for old men?Mitt Romney has plans to stop McCains momentum. He is going to take the tennis balls off of McCains walker.You know it is a great day for Barack Obama. He raised $32 million last month. That is incredible! You know how he did it? He was on Oprah. He found it down the back of the couch.Now tonight, of course, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton had a debate up on Hollywood Boulevard. That is unusual. Normally the only debate on Hollywood Boulevard is, Is that a man or a woman?The debate was held in the same place they have the Oscars. Hillary got a supplemental award for Best Actress. Do you remember when Hillary cried? It was very emotional.Big debates in the race for the White House. At the Republican debate, John McCain insisted his age does not define him. Then he told everyone to get off my lawn!Also this week, Arnold Schwarzenegger endorsed John McCain, and then groped his ass.Hey, I was watching the primaries last night, and on the Republican side, the delegates are in. John McCain is up to 660. Im not sure if thats his delegates or age, but its a lot.It is a great day for America everybody, but not such a great day for Mitt Romney. The first Mormon presidential candidate has dropped out of the...race. He says he wants to focus on 2012, which is how many wives he has.McCain is the front-runner now, of course. Actually, the front-walker, I suppose. Get off the White House lawn!Fidel Castro is finally stepping down. ... It is about time Castro retired. He is almost 81 years old. That is almost as old as John McCain.Its been a very tough day for John McCain with the New York Times allegation that he had an affair. The paper is saying McCain had an affair, years ago, with Joan of Arc or something.Ralph Nader announced he is running for president again. His announcement has filled millions of people with excitement and hope. And these people are called Republicans.Hillary Clintons campaign is trying to embarrass Barack Obama. Have you seen this? They have circulated pictures of Obama wearing tribal dress. Obama wanted to strike back, but there are no pictures of Hillary wearing a dress.According to this new poll, political thing, Hillarys lead in Ohio is slipping, which I was very surprised about. When I heard a presidential candidate slipped, I was thinking, its John McCain, obviously.John McCain...might not be eligible to run for the presidency because he was born outside of America. ... Now, I actually think this is unfair, because when McCain was born, technically, America hadnt been discovered yet.Hillary Clinton said that she raised $35 million in the month of February, which is fantastic. Now she can afford a really nice vacation as soon as she drops out of the race.Rush Limbaugh is urging Republicans to vote for Hillary Clinton in the Texas primary tomorrow. ... Political experts say it could only mean...that Rush is back on the drugs.It looks like John McCain clinched the nomination earlier this evening. He was very excited when they woke him up to tell him.John McCain, of course, won the Republican nomination. As a reward, he got a visit to the White House. Mike Huckabee finished second. His reward is a hunting trip with Dick Cheney. Goodbye, Mike.Its a great day for New York State. They have a new governor today. ... Hes legally blind. Wasnt that a movie with Reese Witherspoon?Of course everybody knows what happened to Governor Eliot Spitzer. Last week he was caught with a...call girl, and Im watching this thing unfolding on the television last week. Im witnessing a politicians career go down in flames, and my only thought was this is a tragedy, a tragedy that Im on vacation.The Dalai Llama, the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people, is threatening to resign if the conflict with the Chinese doesnt stop. Not only that, he also says he might refuse to be reincarnated again.Today the White House held its annual Easter Egg Roll. They do it every year. And just like every other year, the President got confused, and ordered the egg roll with a side of rice.Hillary Clinton has been caught telling a lie about a trip she took to Bosnia, and the whistle blower was Sinbad, the comedian. Nothing says great journalism like the co-star of Jingle All The Way.But wouldnt it be funny if Hillary Clintons campaign is derailed by a comedian. It has happened before. When John McCain first ran for the Senate, he was called a liar by the most famous comedian of the time, Mark Twain.Barack Obama called Hillary today to thank her for distracting everyone from his crazy pastor.Some kids in Oregon found a parachute in the middle of the a field that could belong to legendary outlaw DB Cooper. In the 1970s, he parachuted out of a plane with $200,000 in stolen cash and was never seen again. ... The FBI thinks he could be hiding out in some remote place. Where would you go? CBS in the middle of the night?Speaking of parachuting, the first President Bush celebrated his 80th birthday by going skydiving. John McCain did something similar for his 80th birthday. He jumped off a pterodactyl.Hillary Clinton finally admitted to exaggerating about being under sniper fire in Bosnia, but she is still at it. Shes been telling people shes in the Final Four.Earlier today, Hillary Clinton told a crowd in Pennsylvania that she can still win the Democratic nomination. Yep, thats right, its April Fools Day.It is not such a great day here at CBS. The news department is laying off dozens of people. Apparently, they need to make room for Andy Rooneys eyebrows.There is a new survey out today. The men of Iceland have the longest lifespan of any men in world. The average Icelandic man lives to be 79 years old. Or as John McCain calls them, whippersnappers.There was a very rare letter found from Abraham Lincoln. It was put on auction this week. Its dated 1864. It is beautifully written. It starts out, Dear John McCain, the Union is in trouble.This week, Barack Obama announced his campaign raised $40 million in March! I know! Also this week, he got the endorsement of Jane Fonda. Hey, you win some, you lose some.The Democrats announced today their convention this summer will be the greenest ever. But the Republicans are doing their part too. For the Republican convention, John McCain is going to switch to cloth diapers.John McCain was on The View this morning. He got along well with Barbara Walters. I watched it. They were reminiscing about the Civil War. John, do you wemember Wobert Wee?A new survey that came out today says that 98% of historians consider the Bush Presidency a failure. ... On the upside, those are Bushs highest poll numbers in years.The Olympic torch is in the Middle East. Thank goodness. Im glad to see the torch is now safe, putting all the protests and chaos behind it. What could possibly go wrong?John McCain apologized today after it was revealed that some the McCain family recipes posted on his website were actually plagiarized from the Food Network. I am amazed. How many different recipes can there be for prunes and creamed corn?Plus, can I just say, John McCain has a website? Whoo, get you grandpa!Barack Obama today got the endorsement of Bruce Springsteen. ... Not to be outdone, John McCain got the endorsement from one of his musical contemporaries, Beethoven.Do you know what is happening tomorrow night? ... I am performing at the White House Correspondents Dinner in our nations capital, and this is a very, very big deal. This is like the Oscars for ugly people, this thing.Ill tell you what Im a bit worried about, that they sat me next to John McCain. I dont want to sit next to John McCain. I dont want to be the one that has to cut his meat into little pieces for him. I dont want to do that.I have to be honest. Tomorrow night is going to be a bit awkward for me. Im a bit nervous, because Im going to be eating at the same table as the President. It will be the kids table.And I dont know what theyre serving for dinner. Its probably chicken or fish, unless Dick Cheney just went hunting, then it is chicken or lawyer.I just got back from the nations capitol. While I was there, I was the entertainer at the White House Correspondents Dinner. ... I was very nervous. I was sharing the stage with the most powerful man in the world. Right there, Dick Cheney. Sitting right there. George Bush was there too.I said to President Bush on my way to the podium, Im worried theyll hate me. Im scared of bombing. He said, Youll get used to it.Hillary Clinton announced today shell appear on The OReilly Factor. That should be a great confrontation. On one side, a loudmouthed bully who wants to tear apart the Democratic Party and on the other side, theres Bill OReilly.Hey, you know ? theres some sad news today. Dr. Albert Hoffmann, inventor of LSD, died today. I know. Or maybe were dead and hes still alive.A new poll shows that George W. Bush is the most unpopular president in American history. I know! Now I was on TV with that President just last weekend. Coincidence? I hope so.The White House is putting a spin on it, though. Theyve already issued a statement, and theyre like, Finally, we are number one in something. So theres a point, I suppose.Big political news. ... John McCain admitted today he didnt vote for George W. Bush. I know! He did, however, vote for George Washington.Happy Cinco de Mayo. ... Cinco de Mayo is a huge holiday in America. It is not such a big deal in Mexico. I guess because more Mexicans live here.John McCain isnt resting. Instead, hes still trying to reach new voters by starting a Spanish-language website. He has admitted he doesnt understand any of it, though. I dont mean the Spanish, I mean websites and the Internet.Two congressmen in Washington are calling for hearings on the violence in Grand Theft Auto 4. But the game is huge, with half a billion dollars in sales already. That is more money than Hillary Clinton spent to not get elected.A new economic study that comes out today...shows that in todays economy, women have an easier time landing a job than men do. Apparently they do. All except Hillary Clinton find it much easier.John McCain is campaigning, out traveling around the country, looking for donors, mostly organ donors.Of course, the real story today is the race for the White House, and we finally know our candidates -- the senators from Illinois and Arizona, Barack Obama and John McCain. A young, idealistic guy vs. an old, experienced guy. Like David vs. David on American Idol. Except more people vote for Idol.Hey, John McCain has announced plans for a manned mission to Mars. I know! The man he wants to send, he announced, is Barack Obama.Archaeologists in Jordan have discovered the worlds oldest church. Its 2,000 years old. Some of the people who went to this church include King Herod, Moses, and John McCain.A new study says the average American can expect to live six months longer than they would have at the time of the last study. ... Finally, some good news for John McCain.Apparently Barack Obama is e-mail buddies with Scarlet Johansson. ... This is making me question Barack Obamas judgment, though. If he has Scarlet Johanssons e-mail address, why is he wasting time running for president?Hey, you know what happened today? Barack Obama put his birth certificate online to fight rumors he wasnt born in the US. ... John McCain will put his birth certificate online too, as soon as he figures out how to upload a stone tablet.Congratulations to the NBA champion Boston Celtics. ... Last night, they beat the LA Lakers by 39 points. Or as Hillary Clinton would say, Too close to call.John McCain revealed his energy plan today. He wants to build 45 nuclear reactors. ... I think its a good idea. Well need that extra power to get him up and down the stairs.John McCain says that if elected president, he will give a $300 million prize to anyone who can design a new car battery. McCain can get a new type of battery invented because hes the guy...that came up with the idea of not cranking the car up at the start.Arnold Schwarzenegger met John McCain today. And it was a very awkward moment when they shook hands because McCains hand broke off.John McCain and Barack Obama have both laid out their energy plans. Obama wants enough green energy to power the entire US economy, and McCain just wants enough energy to stay up past nine oclock.Its a great day for America, everybody, because the Democrats announced today there wont be any fried food at their convention. ... In other words, Al Gore wont be there.Ralph Naders back in the news. He is accusing Barack Obama of talking white. ... He then accused John McCain of talking young.Today is...Independence Day in Madagascar, which is the fourth largest island in the world. ... It goes...Greenland, Gilligans Island, Rush Limbaugh; Madagascar.Barack Obama was in Germany today, and he did this speech and 100,000 people showed up. There were so many Germans shouting and screaming that France...surrendered just in case.Now the Obama campaign is coming out with a new line of pajamas. Did you hear about this? Theyre called Ojamas. But John McCain already has his own line of bedtime clothes. Theyre called adult diapers.Barack Obama went to the doctor today. He has a sore hip, apparently. Finally, the two presidential candidates have something in common.Happy birthday today to Arnold Schwarzenegger and...Hilary Swank, who are both movie stars, but they are both very different. One is really macho with great big muscles. And the other one is, of course, Arnold Schwarzenegger.President Bush arrived in South Korea today. They had to use water cannons to push back the protesters. That shows you how times have changed, because when President Clinton visited South Korea, they used the same water cannons for the wet T-shirt contest.According to rumors, John McCain and Barack Obama are trying to get Angelina Jolies endorsement for the campaign, and John Edwards is just trying to get her number.The Chinese faked parts of the opening ceremony of the Olympics by making the fireworks look more lively for television. Its the same technology they use for John McCain.John McCain has been accused of stealing policy ideas from Wikipedia, which is ridiculous! Everybody knows McCain doesnt know how to use the Internet, so how could you even accuse him of that?Danny Bonaduce and Fidel Castro both celebrate birthdays today, but these two men are very different, of course. One is an aging tyrant many consider to be the Red Menace that threatens America. And the other one is Fidel Castro.A Republican politician from Idaho has endorsed Barack Obama. I know! A Republican! The last time a Republican switched sides was in an airport bathroom.The Unabomber Ted Kaczynski wrote a letter from jail saying...hes angry that his cabin is now on display in a museum. Well, they think thats what the letter says. Everyones a bit afraid to open it.Sources say that Colin Powell is planning to endorse Barack Obama, which is bad news for John McCain. But at his age, he should expect some colon problems.Cindy McCain went to the hospital because she sprained her wrist. And her doctors are saying its nothing serious, the sprain is probably just from cutting Johns meat into little tiny pieces.The police in Denver are getting ready for the Democratic National Convention. Theyre ordering the stun guns, the barbed wire, the plastic handcuffs, and thats just for Bill Clintons room.I was looking up Labor Day on the Google, right. The first Labor Day parade was held back in 1882. And who was the grand marshal of that parade? A young senator named John McCain.The Republican convention is underway, but Im watching the TV news and there is more coverage on Hurricane Gustav. ... Now, a hurricane and the Republican convention are very different, of course. Ones a stormy blast of wind that throws mud everywhere. The others a hurricane.John McCain picked Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his running mate. ... Shes a popular governor, a great public speaker, and shes raising five kids. So she can definitely change a diaper, which is a skill shes going need if she is running with John McCain.Some people think McCain chose...Palin to appeal to women who supported Hillary Clinton. But Im thinking this is crazy. You cant just replace Hillary Clinton with another woman and think itll be ok. Bill Clinton tried. It didnt go well.There is only one movie opening today. It is called Bangkok Dangerous, which sounds to me like Arnold Schwarzenegger being grilled on foreign policy. Bangkok dangerous. Collyfornia safe. Food good. Fire bad.A Sarah Palin action figure came out today. And, apparently theyre working on a John McCain action figure. ... The best part, you can change his diaper.Theyre also coming out with a Barack Obama affirmative action figure.Barbra Streisand is performing tonight at a fundraiser for Barack Obama -- $25,000 a seat. But for $50,000, you dont have to go.This weekend, Karl Rove said John McCains attack ads have gone too far. When Karl Rove says youve gone too far, thats like Mel Gibson saying youve had too much to drink.Did you see the Sarah Palin interview on ABC? This state trooper from Alaska says that Palin lied in the interview. She lied on national television. Id say someones ready for the White House!Both presidential candidates reacted to the market turmoil today. Barack Obama laid out a detailed five-part plan, but John McCains plan is much simpler. Hes just going to have his wife fix it.President Bush had a small growth removed from his forehead. Doctors say it wasnt a health risk. The growth just didnt want to be photographed with President Bush.There was shocking news from the FBI today. Last year, 873,000 people were arrested for marijuana. I know! Heres the shocking part. None of them were Willie Nelson.One of John McCains advisors is saying McCain helped invent the Blackberry. ... Im like, oh, come on. They shouldve gone with something more believable, like John McCain helped invent fire or the wheel.Barbra Streisand threw a big fundraiser for Democrats. First was dinner, which cost 28 grand a plate, then a Streisand concert. For an extra grand, you could leave before she started singing.The fundraiser brought in a lot of money. Barack Obama must be very happy, because nothing says, Im a man of the people, like a star-studded dinner in the Beverly Hills Hotel.Republicans tried to put on a similar event, but John McCain kept asking for the wrong celebrities. He was like, Oh, get me the Benny Goodman Orchestra. What about Charlie Chaplain? Hes hilarious!Do you really think its a good idea have a $9 million fundraiser in Beverly Hills the day after the countrys financial system crashes. I dont know if that is good judgment. Thats like...having Mel Gibson come to your bar mitzvah.Today, John McCain said hell release his medical records by end of the year. Hes not stalling, though. He is just old. It is going to take a long time to print out.Out on the campaign trail, Hillary Clinton hasnt been mentioning Sarah Palin at all. Shes just talking about John McCain. Not surprising. Hillarys always been good at ignoring the other woman.The big news story today is...Sarah Palin. Every day, Sarah Palin. And it is not exactly hard-hitting stuff. I havent seen the media fawn over a celebrity this much since -- Barack Obama.But the dirt is beginning to come out. Apparently, one of Sarahs first acts as Governor of Alaska was getting a tanning bed installed in the Governors mansion. ... The Republican Party is okay with it, which is weird, because usually they ask themselves, How can we make our candidate more white?Its been a crazy week. Barrack Obama, of course, is still on the campaign trail with his family. Michelle Obama says she keeps their kids entertained by throwing slumber parties. Coincidentally, thats how Bill Clinton kept himself entertained during his campaign. So it all comes full circle.It was a terrible day on Wall Street, and Congress has botched this bailout deal. Experts on Wall Street say its the biggest disaster to hit the city since the New York Mets.It has been a couple of days, but everyone is still talking about the debate. ... No one agrees on who won, though. Republicans say McCain won. Democrats say Obama won. Bill Clinton says Hillary won.In an interview today, Barack Obama forgot which wedding anniversary he celebrates this year. In response, Michelle Obama changed the name of Baracks campaign slogan from yes we can to yes you can sleep on the couch.Sarah Palin is in Arizona all week preparing for Thursdays vice presidential debate. She said she went to Arizona because its fun to visit other countries.Its a great day for America, everybody, and it is a great day for Sarah Palin, who has been practicing for the big debate tomorrow night and apparently is doing well. Palins staff has tried to find a stand-in to pretend to be Joe Biden, but so far all theyve come up with is a tree stump.It was a scary day in Washington today. They found a hand grenade in a park. At first, they thought the worst, but it turns out Dick Cheney went for a walk and it fell out of his pocket.Barack Obama is a bit of a celebrity, and people say thats why he breaks fundraising records. But John McCain breaks records too -- usually vinyl records as he forces them into his CD player.The presidential race is really heating up now. Im excited about it. During an interview, John McCain said hes not a rich man. Its true. At least two of his seven houses are in so-so neighborhoods.This Wall Street thing. ... At this point, its a race to see what drops faster, the stock market or John McCains poll numbers.Wasnt the debate fantastic? It was town hall format. I like that. Candidates can walk around freely. McCain was prepared. He put new tennis balls in his walker.The problem with these debates is the candidates are convinced Americans dont want to hear the truth. For example, during the vice presidential debate, CNN gave little dials to focus groups. And when Sarah Palin mentioned the war, dials went down. Commentators said, Ooh, looks like Palin made a mistake. Focus group doesnt like hearing about the war. Nobody likes hearing about the war! If you like hearing about the war, youre a psychopath. Or Dick Cheney. Whatever.But I think the media lets candidates get too comfortable. Senator Obama, can I get you another latte? Senator McCain, can I get you another hip replacement?Its a great day for Barack Obama. Most people say he won the debate last night. Hes ahead in the polls. ... But...I would not count out McCain yet. It is like the tortoise and the hare. Obama is the hare, surging ahead with his ideas, while McCain is like the tortoise -- thousands of years old, shuffling forward, occasionally poking out of his shell to poop.Gov. Palin is a big gun enthusiast. Shes using a shotgun to plan her daughters wedding.According to a new study, eight out of 10 Americans are stressed about the economy. Apparently two out of 10 Americans are in a coma.Colin Powell is in the news...because he endorsed Barack Obama. ... I wonder how John McCain feels about Colin Powell endorsing Obama. Hes probably all right with it. Men his age are used to having colon problems.Remember John Kerry? ... He ran for president and didnt do that well. Hes being criticized for telling a joke about John McCain wearing adult diapers. How dare you, sir! Thats my job! Knock it off, Kerry! Ill tell the McCain diaper jokes; you stick with losing elections to the least popular president ever in the history of America.November 4th is two weeks from today, but 7% of people are still undecided. ... I just dont know how anyone could be undecided, because the choice in this elections black and white, literally! Young black guy, old white guy. There! Take your pick.Both...campaigns are spending a lot of money to reach the undecided voters. Obama is buying half an hour of prime time on CBS. America loves CBS, of course, because...were the number one choice of confused people.And McCains buying time on Fox. And he was trying to make it like a Fox show, you know, like, When Obamas Attack, or something like that.Do you know what McCain should do? He should do a guest appearance on Lost.The Pentagon is buying a portrait of Donald Rumsfeld for paying $46,000. But it will probably cost 10 times that, serve no real purpose, and never be finished. Remind you of anything?In this election, Obama is so far ahead now it seems the only way he can lose is if his supporters screw it up. But...Obamas supporters have a secret weakness. Theyre Democrats. They are perfectly capable of screwing this up. Im not sure if Democrats remember how to win an election. They havent won an election since 2000.Anyway, the Democrats better watch out, because the Republicans are going to pull out all the stops. Did you see they spent $150,000 on Sarah Palins wardrobe? Boy, nothing says hockey mom like dropping six figures on bling.Sarah Palins defense was that  $150,000 doesnt go far when youre a female political candidate, and thats true. Last year, Hillary Clinton spent twice that much on suits at Mens Warehouse.The campaign says they needed to make Sarah Palin seem hip and cool, but Im thinking if youre going to spend money trying to make somebody look hip and cool, what about John? What about spending some money on John?Its a great day for America, everybody, but not a great day for Sarah Palin. Again! Today, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said thats shes not ready to be president. And hes a Republican! Hes like their super killer robot!The former chairman of the Fed, Alan Greenspan, was in Washington today. And he said that the current financial crisis is a one in a century occurrence. And John McCain was like, Hes right. Ive been through three of em.In the news this week, CBS News Katie Couric asked both presidential candidates when was the last time they cried. ... Obama said the last time he cried was at his daughters birthday. McCain said the last time he cried was when he saw the poll numbers.This week in People magazine, Sarah Palin talks about the plans for her daughters wedding. You know, Bristols getting married. And Sarah says its very difficult to find a dress that doesnt clash with the shotgun.But Sarah Palin is not letting all this criticism of her get her down. She said shes putting the election in Gods hands, which is good news for the Democrats because they think Barack Obama is God.Harrison Ford topped an online poll of the best fictional presidents. Second place: George W. Bush.Today in the Anchorage Daily News, Alaskas largest newspaper, endorsed Barack Obama. ... Thats another newspaper Sarah Palin will never read.Tomorrow night, Barack Obama is buying a half-hour commercial on CBS, NBC, and Fox. Not on ABC, though, I think because theyve got Dancing with the Stars. Thats where viewers can watch an elderly person make a fool of himself or herself and then get voted out of the competition, which will be completely different from the election.Do you know who is having a bad day? Ted Stevens, the Alaska senator. Today was his first full day as a felon. Yesterday, he was convicted on seven counts of corruption. ... Ted Stevens is 84 years old, which, you know, makes him what John McCain calls a whippersnapper.Cloris Leachman was voted off Dancing with the Stars last night. I know! It seems America cant wait until Election Day to vote against a senior citizen. They had to do it last night.Today, Barack Obama hit back at the charges that hes a socialist by joking that since he shared his toys as a child, he must be a communist, to which John McCain responded, You had toys as a child? I had to play with dinosaurs.Everyone of course talking about the Barack Obama special on TV last night. But John McCain was also on TV. He went to Larry King Live. John McCain and Larry King. Not since Godzilla battled Mothra has there been so mighty a clash of the dinosaurs!Congratulations, Phillies, winners of the World Series. A team thats been around 125 years defeated a group of young upstarts. Maybe theres hope for John McCain.The World Series got a raw deal this year. It wasnt talked about as much as usual because everyone is talking about Barack Obama, except for late night comedians. Were all talking about John McCain. Thats because he cant hear us.No matter what you think of Obama, you have to admit his show was very well made. I mean, from a technical standpoint, which begs the question, how can I get a show like that?The Obama special was really just an infomercial. I actually expected them to say, We can make this a better country for just three easy payments of $19.95.John McCain is struggling to get crowds at some places. For a speech yesterday, he bussed in 4,000 school kids to fill the stands, but the plan backfired when the kids wanted to know why Santa was so angry.Twas the night before the election, and all through the nation, were sick of politics, we need a vacation.John McCain had a busy weekend. He campaigned in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Virginia. He was only supposed to go to Ohio, but he kept getting lost.I watched Obamas victory speech in Grant Park. ... I actually loved watching the shots of the crowd, which looked like a Benetton ad -- different races, different ages, all different kinds of people. I thought it was fantastic. Meanwhile, over at McCains speech, there were all different kinds of white people. They had tons of them -- yuppies, golfers, Osmonds.The stock market dropped over 400 points today, which is not a reflection on Obama. No, the brokers just realized theyve still got three months of George Bush.In California, the ban on gay marriage passed. Gay people are furious. They stormed the State Capitol in Sacramento and caused $3 million in improvements to the city.Barack Obama was briefed this morning on the state of the economy, and this afternoon, he called McCain to offer him the presidency.If Sarah Palin knew Wolf Blitzers name was Wolf, would she shoot him from a helicopter?Sarah Palin went back to Alaska. As she got off the plane yesterday, her supporters chanted 2012, 2012. When McCain got off the plane, they chanted, Use the handrail, use the handrail. Careful, grandpa.Some people think Sarah Palin is just a flash in the pan. People in Washington started calling her Sanjaya Palin.It was a terrible week on Wall Street. The economy is in tatters. You know, this is what happens when Sarah Palin stops buying clothes.Sarah Palin did another interview today on the Today show. In fact, she has been interviewed by NBC, Fox News, local news, magazines. Shes talking so much they can hear her from Russia.The transition is continuing in Washington. Vice President-elect Joe Biden is meeting with Dick Cheney tomorrow. Cheney will give Biden a tour of the VP residence and hand over the keys to the dungeon, that kind of thing.The country of Peru has offered to give Barack Obama a hairless dog for the White House. ... But didnt Obama just spend months trying to keep a little bald guy out of the White House? I dont know if hes going to be so keen to suddenly invite one in.President Bush said today...he regrets the infamous mission accomplished banner. He said...if he was going to do it again, the banner would have said git er done.Barack Obama, remember him? His inauguration is still months away, but theyre saying...the transition efforts are going to cost $12 million. It sounds like a lot, but its less than what Sarah Palin wouldve spent on the inaugural gown and the tiara, the cape, and the scepter.According to literary agents in New York, Sarah Palin is about to sign a $7 million book deal. ... They didnt say whether its to write one or read one.Last night, 60 Minutes had Barack Obama, and the show earned its highest ratings...in nine years. Actually, I think Obamas the youngest person theyve had on the show in nine years.Everyone is waiting to see what Barack Obama has got planned. We already know his economic plan. Its designed to help small businesses that make under $250,000 a year. You know, like General Motors and Chrysler.Mickey Mouse turns 80 years old today. ... The first Mickey Mouse cartoon was called Steamboat Willie. It premiered 80 years ago today at a 1928 fundraiser for young senator John McCain.It was another bad day for Alaska Senator and convicted felon Ted Stevens. He was officially declared the loser in his Senate race. But hes okay with it, because he wants to relax and spend time making shanks with his grandkids.Its Vice President-elect Joe Bidens birthday today. And Barack Obama bought him 12 cupcakes for his birthday, which is a smart gift to give Biden because when his mouth is full of cupcakes he cant say anything stupid.Today Barack Obama announced his economic team. President Bush is working closely with them. Obama said his team has many obstacles to overcome, the biggest one being maybe that President Bush is working closely with them.Joe Bidens replacement in the Senate has been picked. I dont know who it is yet, but thats a hell of a job. Thats a very big mouth to fill.The astronauts were very busy up in the space station today, installing a machine that converts their urine into drinking water. ... Im thinking, astronauts drinking their urine? Americas astronauts. Is the economy that bad?Remind me to never go to Buzz Aldrins house for drinks again.Sarah Palin. Remember Sarah Palin? She is adorable. She is back on the campaign trail. Really. Shes going to campaign in the Senate runoff in Georgia. As soon as she finds out where Georgia is.Al Qaeda has declared war on the Somali pirates. That is awesome! ... Evil against evil. Like Alien versus Predator or Cheney versus his lawyer.Today, the day after Thanksgiving, is called Black Friday...because thats when the retailers go into the black and start turning a profit. ... People do a lot shopping on Black Friday, or as Sarah Palin calls it.Do you know who doesnt do well the day after Thanksgiving? Restaurants, because everyones got food at home, everyones got leftovers. ... The word leftovers comes from the Russian word leftov, which means warmed-over food. It doesnt really. I made that up. But I do that all the time. Im like Wikipedia or Fox News.Big news from Washington today. Even though it may make some people uncomfortable, President-elect Obama says hell use his full name, Barack Hussein Obama, when hes sworn in next month. To show support, Joe Biden is also using his full name, Joseph Adolph Fidel Puppykiller Biden.It is not all bad news Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, because today is his birthday. ... If you want to get Blagojevich a present, you cant go wrong with a good lawyer.Bob Barker turns 85 today. Happy birthday, Bob. ... Bob spent the entire day trying to guess the actual retail price of Barack Obamas senate seat.Im excited today...because there is a big movie opening. The Keanu Reeves movie, The Day the Earth Stood Still, is opening, and it is a remake. The original movie is from the 1950s, so they have updated the aliens in the new movie. These aliens come to Earth and they are broke, so they demand a $500 billion bailout from the government.You know who it is a great day for? Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, who still has his job. He didnt resign. Everyone thought he would. Looks like his plan is to keep hanging on, even though the game is over. Political experts call this strategy the Hillary Clinton.Of course, the big story over the weekend is that President Bush had that press conference in Iraq, which turned into Shoe-pocalypse Now.When a journalist throws his shoes at the President, if youre a late night talk show host, you go, Aaahhh! Good times. Its like when Cheney shot his lawyer. You go: Aaaahhhh! Well, thats tonights show taken care of.Bush was amazing. You see how quickly Bush got out of the way? ... Bush has been accused of dodging issues in the past, but who knew he could actually dodge shoes?Bush is 62 years old, but he still has the reflexes of a cat. Mind you, I think his head has been on a swivel ever since Cheney shot his lawyer.Anyway, the conspiracy theories have begun. ... Oliver Stone is already making a movie about the shoe-throwing incident. He thinks there was a second shoe-thrower, because...that journalist threw two shoes in four seconds. Thats impossible.The irony of all of this is of course that this shoe-throwing incident is as close as well ever get to finding weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.The shoe-throwing journalist has got his supporters because today in Iraq, thousands of people took to the streets. They were all chanting in unison all day long. And do you know what they were chanting? Now Im not making this up. ... They were chanting, Bush, Bush listen well, two shoes on your head! Well, I think the President must be devastated by that. If...John Kerry had used that chant four years ago, he would have won!The bright side to all of this is the Iraqi economy must be going well if a guy can afford to throw a perfectly good pair of shoes. Journalists over here cant even afford a pair of flip-flops.The shoe-throwing journalist is in jail. He didnt think this through, though. I mean, if youre a journalist and youre unhappy with a politician, why dont you just write something down? Youre a journalist! You can even get it printed in a newspaper! Doesnt he know that the pen is mightier than the shoe?There was a big announcement this week from the Disney Channel. They are going to Russia. Starting next month, they will be broadcasting there for the first time. ... Thats great news for Sarah Palin. Now she can see the Disney Channel from her house.President Bush was speaking about his presidency, his legacy. He made a speech this week and said I didnt compromise my soul to be a popular guy. Dick Cheney responded whats a soul? Oh, that thing I gave to the Dark Lord.President-elect Obama made a huge announcement this week. Hes going to travel to his inauguration by train. I know! This is a big surprise because everybody thought Obama was going to get to the inauguration by walking on water but apparently he is taking the train. I think this is inspiring instead of I think I can, I think I can, I think I can Barack Obamas train goes yes we can, yes we can.Obama says the train thing is his idea, but I think its Bidens idea. He loves trains. He never shuts up about them. I take the train every day to work. My father went to work on a train. My father was a train, his father before him was a train. Everybody in my family is all made of trains. I like Biden but lets be honest, hes crazy. Hes like you know in The Lion King? You know that hyena Ed?Im making fun of Biden but I cant imagine Dick Cheney taking the train. I can imagine him tying someone up on the tracks in front of a train.Obama says he is traveling by train because trains are a symbol of Americas history. Also, the federal government is out of money and cant afford plane tickets.We were on vacation last week, and so much happened while I was away. Sarah Palin became a grandmother. Shes been helping out with all the diaper changes. Its like shes back campaigning with John McCain.The new years been tough on John McCain. Hes still writing 1908 on his checks. It is very difficult.President Bush is giving his farewell address tomorrow night. Its going to air on the three major TV networks. And NBC. It will be on NBC as well.Barack Obama starts as president next week. But Iranian protesters took to the streets yesterday and burned posters of him, and Im thinking, oh, come on! Hes not even in office yet. I dont think these guys are angry. I think they just like fire. It is winter in Iran. Theyre cold.The website Craigslist is flooded with ads from men looking for dates to the Barack Obama inauguration. Im thinking, whatever happened to the good old Washington DC tradition of getting a hooker?President Obama got his new limousine. It has all the latest technology, although they did take out President Bushs favorite piece of technology, the PlayStation.The new season of Lost kicked off tonight. ... If you havent seen it, Lost is about a group of desperate people out of touch with the world. Its based on the true story of the Republican Party.Today was Hillary Clintons first day as secretary of state. Shes now in charge of all foreign affairs. Bill Clinton will still handle domestic affairs.Senator John McCain was on Larry King Live earlier tonight, and they talked about the biggest threat facing them today, which is teenagers on their lawn.Barack Obama has signed an executive order to close down Guantanamo Bay. Thank goodness. Good for you, sir, because I did not like Gitmo from the get-go.And of course this was the inauguration week in Washington, and they have been hauling rubbish out in its wake. In fact, 130 tons of garbage have been hauled out of Washington. And thats not including the previous administration.Its a great day for America, everybody, but it is a bad day for Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, whose impeachment began today. It turns out that Blagojevich said...he had considered Oprah Winfrey for the Senate. Thats ridiculous! Oprahs way too powerful to waste her time in the Senate, although she has enough money to buy the seat.Its a great day for Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is continuing on that media tour hes doing. Yesterday, he was on The View, The Today Show, and Good Morning America. Today, his hair was on...Animal Planet and Unsolved Mysteries.Its a great day for...Al Gore, who went to Washington today to make a speech about the dangers of global warming, which is a bit...embarrassing because Washington is in the middle of a huge ice storm right now.But Al Gore will convince these lawmakers that global warmings something to be concerned about. Because Al Gore has done everything. He won a Nobel Prize, won an Oscar, and was elected president.Its a bad day for Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. The state senate kicked him out. So today, Blagojevich did what any smart criminal in Illinois would do. He asked Oprah for a pardon.In Washington, in response to President Obamas stimulus package, Rush Limbaugh...proposed in his own stimulus package. Thats true. You see, thats what this country needs. What we need is a stimulus package proposed by a fat DJ. Thats whats going to set the country back on track.Actually, Rush Limbaughs stimulus package is just a package containing a big bottle of stimulants.Happy Groundhog Day, everybody! ... Earlier today, the groundhog came out of his hole, and Sarah Palin shot it. Six more weeks of winter. You betcha!President Obama is going to put a salary cap on execs working for companies that take...government bailout money. ... Finally, some accountability in Washington. But Im thinking if they are going introduce accountability, shouldnt Obama start by making his own people pay their taxes?Obamas cabinet picks mustve gone to the Willie Nelson School of Taxpaying.Another one of President Barack Obamas nominees is having tax issues, which proves one thing: The Democrats like raising the taxes, but they hate paying them.Sarah Palin is back in the news as well. Shes been criticizing anonymous bloggers. She calls them pathetic. Apparently she feels that unknown people should not be criticizing politicians, unless the unknown person is running for vice president. Then its all right.Its a great day for America, everybody, but a very tough day for the President. Another Obama Cabinet pick has withdrawn his name from contention. Obamas nominees are dropping faster than babies out of that octuplet mother.Its Abraham Lincolns 200th birthday, and to honor the occasion, the US Mint is releasing a new penny that shows Lincolns house. Thats appropriate because thats about how much a house is worth these days.Today, of course, a very solemn day in America. We celebrate presidents past by getting a good deal on mattresses and big-screen TVs.A new study says that the bad economy can lower testosterone levels in men. Scientists say at this rate, by the end of the decade, Anne Coulter could be a woman!According to the Financial Times, Barack Obama, theyre saying, is moving towards Swedish models of banking. A president moving towards Swedish models? That hasnt happened since the Clinton Administration.Im very worried about the economy. Hopefully, our problems will be over soon. And I think they will be because today, President Obama finally signed the stimulus bill, which is supposed to create 3.5 million jobs. Itll fund new roads and new bridges. Theyve even put aside $8 billion for new trains. I smell Vice President Joe Biden. He loves trains.Only three Republicans voted for the stimulus bill. The rest are withholding their votes so that they can blame Obama if it doesnt work, which is perfectly acceptable. This is what politicians do. But I saw an article last week that said, Is Obamas Presidency already a failure? What I think has happened to Obama is this. It is kind of like George W. Bush was in the restroom before him and then came out and went away. And Obamas gone in and hes found something awful there.I think everybody should just calm down. Give Obama four years. See what he can do. Then if hes a miserable failure, well do what we did with George W. Bush and elect him to a second term.Good news and bad news for Sarah Palin. The bad news is that the IRS says she owes thousands of dollars in back taxes. The good news is that she now qualifies to be in Obamas Cabinet.Theres a new study that says that in America, rich people are ruder than poor people. This is shocking because I didnt know America had any rich people left.One of the largest Swiss banks is revealing its secret client list to the IRS. Look at the headline: Swiss Bank to Reveal Secrets. The story is in the New York Times so you know its partially true!Arnold Schwarzenegger is taking time off as the Governor of California to shoot a part in an upcoming movie. The movies about a terrible disaster. And its called Arnold Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.But you know, this whole...not teaching -- giving the schools any money -- I think it may be a bad idea. Thats what I think, but who am I? Im not the Terminator. I dont know anything about running government. Im not ? Ill be back. Ill be back to not educate your children unless they have money.A huge blizzard covered the East Coast with 10 inches snow. Police said there wouldve been traffic jams if people still had jobs to go to.Hey, theres two big pieces of news from Iran. ... The first is that the CIA believes that the Iranians will turn on their secret nuclear reactor any day now. And second, the Iranians ? and this is the interesting part -- are demanding an apology from Hollywood. Are these things related? I hope not, actually.What happened is that yesterday, the arts and cinema advisor to the Iranian president, whose name is Mockmood Ahma-Dinner-Jacket, demanded an apology from Hollywood. ... He says that Hollywood makes movies that are offensive to Iranians. The story is in the New York Times so you know there may be some truth to it. Maybe.Anyway, the advisor pointed out that the movies he didnt like were 300 and The Wrestler, which he said...were offensive because they portray Iranians in a negative light. But whats offensive about 300? In that movie, the Persians ? the Iranians -- are sexually ambiguous, oiled-up party boys with abs of steel. Id pay money to be portrayed like that!Remember last year, the Iranian president, Ahma-Dinner-Jacket, said...there were no gays in Iran? Uh-huh. Let me see. There are no gays in Iran but the president has a arts and cinema advisor. Kind of undercuts your case, you know what I mean?Oh, there are no gays in Iran but you watch The Wrestler and 300 back-to-back? The film 300 could be the gayest movie ever made. Theres gay porn thats less gay than...300.But Hollywood never apologizes for anything, ever. Like, Ive seen dozens of bad movies in my life. ... Nobodys apologizing to me, Iran. But then again, I dont have nuclear weapons. Oh, wait, neither do you, right?According to a new study, people are sleeping less because theyre worried about the economy. I think also it might have something to do with the fact theyre sleeping under bridges.One in 10 Californians are now unemployed. ... Unfortunately, Arnold Schwarzenegger isnt one of them.General Motors says they wont need the $2 billion bailout money after all. Apparently theyre getting great returns with some guy named Madoff.The judge sent Madoff straight to jail. He said do not pass go, do not collect $200. Although Madoff said I could turn that $200 into $400.They may have to put him in a cell that separates him from the general population because this guy is really hated. Hes like Osama bin Laden, OJ Simpson and Rush Limbaugh rolled into one person.Madoffs victims thought they were making nice, safe investments. Now Im certainly not blaming them, but maybe they shouldve been tipped off by the guys name. Made-off. Thats like giving your money to a guy called Steve Criminal.President Obama held a big press conference earlier tonight. ... Hes on TV a lot these days. The only way Obama could get more TV time is if he had eight babies.Lets not forget the AIG company. The AIG stands for aint I greedy? No, they changed the name of the company today to AIU. Oh! Okay then. Everythings forgiven.AIU for aint I unethical? There you are.Shouldnt they change their name to something that will throw people off because they love it? Like, they could change their name to Puppies and Moonbeams Inc. or something.AIG changing their name is like Hitler changing his name and hoping people wont notice.HBO is making a movie about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Julianne Moore and Dennis Quaid are the actors. Theyre great actors, so you know theyll be believable in the roles, especially Dennis Quaid as Hillary. That will be awesome.Were down to the Final Four now. And by that I mean were down to the last four working banks in America.Today, President Obama announced he is using his own money to redecorate the White House. Meanwhile, he is using...taxpayers money to redecorate the houses of AIG executives.MTV, Music Television, is putting actual music videos back on their network. ... If it works, Fox News said theyll start doing actual news again.Happy birthday, Al Gore. He turns 61 today. And he ate a giant cake. Then, he remembered it was his birthday, so he ate another giant cake.Its a great day for President Obama. Hes making his first overseas trip. That first trip to Europe is a rite of passage. I wonder if Obama will be staying at hostels, getting a Eurorail pass, and finding passionate love in Paris. Well, I think...Obamas trip will be hilarious, like the movie European Vacation with Chevy Chase.Im kidding. Actually, President Obama will get to meet Prince Charles, who is excited, because Obama has ears the same size as his.I think Obama will have a great time in London. Its a lovely place. I used to live there. There are 12 million people in London and about 500 teeth.Its a great day for our president, Barack Obama, who got to meet the Queen of England today. She very regally gave him a photograph of her, and he gave her an iPod! ... Thats quite an unusual gift from the President. Usually he gives out...about $150 million.Its a great day for Americas first family. The Obamas finally got their puppy. ... Apparently, it took a long time because Obama had to find a dog thats paid all its back taxes.Now the new puppy is a Portuguese water dog named Bo. ... Apparently, they call the dog Bo because Michelles fathers nickname is Diddly. So Bo Diddly. Its very complicated. Settling on a name for the Presidents dog is like having to name one of the octomoms kids.Anyway, reports are saying that the White House staff loved the dog. But the chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, is jealous, because until the puppy arrived, he was the cutest little guy in the White House.President Obama says his daughters will take care of the dog, but who picks up the dogs poop after the kids go to sleep? Well, that duty will fall on a low-level employee with nothing else to do. Joe Bidens going to be cleaning up.There was some very bad news today for General Motors. Theyve had to recall more than one million cars due to safety reasons. The one million cars were very easy to locate. No one had bought them. Theyre still in the show rooms.Now, apparently, whats happened is that experts are saying car sales are down this year, but marijuana sales are up. ... So today, General Motors...introduced a new car made of weed, the Plymouth Doobie.President Obama said today he wants to make the tax code so simple that even Joe Biden can understand it.Ive got no problem paying taxes. Thats why I wasnt qualified to be in Obamas Cabinet.Yesterday, the governor of Texas, Rick Perry, said Texans are fed up with Washington. He said they might secede from the rest of America. ... If Texas forms their own country, they could be invaded by Mexico. Theyll have to change their name to Texico.Its hot here today in LA. In fact, it was so hot, I called up the CIA and...begged to be waterboarded.Scientists are blaming fat people for global warming. ... Well, thats quite an inconvenient truth for Al Gore.And a journalist from Playboy magazine attempted to withstand 15 seconds of waterboarding. And hes going to write all about it in an article that no one will ever read.In a new interview, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad complained that President Obama hasnt been returning his messages. No offense Mahmoud, but maybe hes just not that into you.Hey, did you hear about Arlen Specter, the senator? He left the Republican Party and became a Democrat. What?! Its very odd, to switch teams like this. Who does he think he is, Lindsay Lohan?Specter announced hed become a Democrat and the Republicans are like, Yeah, hes been a Democrat for about 15 years.Scientists have cloned dogs that glow in the dark. Why?! Well done, scientists! Youve made it easier for Michael Vick to find dogs now!Its a very bad day in America for people...who swear, because, today, the Supreme Court said that the government can continue its crackdown on TV swearing. In fact, I cant even say crackdown.Very big news today. President Obama just met with the surgeon general. He has declared that Chrysler has the swine flu.Chrysler is going to have to declare bankruptcy! What? Theres still hope that they can merge with Italian carmaker Fiat. Chrysler and Fiat? That will be awesome. Crappy cars in two languages.Joe Biden caused panic today when he said that because of the swine flu, people should stay off subways and planes. I think the next time Biden puts his foot in his mouth, President Obama will put his foot in Bidens a@ $.President Obama may choose a Supreme Court nominee by the end of the week. Thats fast. ... Nothing against the President, but doesnt it worry you that it took him 10 times longer to decide on a dog?Last night, President Obama hosted a poetry slam at the White House. ... A poetry slam is when...poets stand up and read poems. They try and outdo each other. And things can get out of control. Apparently, last night, one person got up on stage and rambled on and on and didnt make any sense. And then, when Joe Biden was done, they started the poetry.Its groundbreaking to have a poetry slam. Its never happened before. I think Dick Cheney once held a torture slam. ... There was a young man from Nantucket. I put his head in a bucket.To raise money for California, Governor Schwarzenegger says hes willing to sell some of the states aging landmarks, like San Quentin Prison. ... So far, the only bid has come from Dick Cheney. Apparently, he wants to use it as a vacation home in the summer. I can just relax in the atmosphere.John McCains mother was on TV last night saying she doesnt like Rush Limbaugh. I think I speak for all: John McCains mother is still alive?Did you hear about Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California? ... Arnold Schwarzenegger wants to put the Los Angeles Coliseum up for sale. Selling the Coliseum is part of Arnolds new plan to sell anything he cant pronounce.Dick Cheney said today, he supports gay marriage. ... I think he only supports gay marriage because he sees marriage as a form of torture, but anyway, he supports it.Theres also the good news that today, Dick Cheney received a marriage proposal from Sen. Larry Craig.There is a big announcement in North Korea. Kim Jong Il...has named his son as his future successor. A presidents son becoming president? That would never happen here.Hey, theres a big story out of Washington. ... The President went on a date. ... We havent seen this since the Clinton Administration. But this was different. The President went on a date with his wife.Over the weekend, Barack Obama took Michelle on a date. ... He and the First Lady flew to New York City, they had a fancy dinner and...they went to see a Broadway show. ... Mr. President, I respect you, but knock it off! Youre making the rest of us look bad. .... Really, this is not the kind of change that I can believe in.Apparently, the Obamas date was fulfilling a promise Barack made to Michelle. ... He told her once the campaign was over, hed take her to New York for dinner and a Broadway show. I like that, because it makes Obama seem like any other married guy, doing stuff he doesnt want to do because he promised the wife.Most Republicans arent unhappy with the date itself...theyre just mad because it cost $100,000. ... They did their best to keep costs down, the Obamas. Well, they didnt have to pay for a babysitter, because their older daughter watches the younger daughter and then the younger daughter watches Joe Biden.Im kidding! They have their dog watch Biden.Anyway, what Im saying is some Republicans have suggested that in tough economic time the President should have chosen a cheaper date. These Republicans have to remember not everyone can just go to the airport bathroom and have a date.The Dategate scandal, its all over the 24-hour news channels. You know, you can watch the two sides go at each other. The Presidents a bastard. No, youre a bastard. ... And Im watching the news channels going on about it and Im thinking when will people learn that shouting on TV is meaningless? I prove that here every night.Rush Limbaugh said today he might change his mind about something. Im like, what?! He said he might support President Obamas nominee for the Supreme Court. Wow! Sounds like someone got a new prescription.Osama bin Laden put out a new audiotape today. Im like, youre a bit behind the times, you know. We dont use the audiotape. Everyone is on Twitter now.Experts say the tape was recorded recently, because its mostly just ranting about how Susan Boyle got robbed. She has the voice of an angel, dammit. You will pay for this!Its another busy day for President Obama. Hes over in the Middle East. ... You can say what you like about President Obama, but hes not afraid of tough challenges. Last week, the President rescued GM. This week, hes off to the middle east. Next week, the toughest challenge yet -- trying to save Jon & Kate Plus 8.Sooner or later, every president has to go to the Middle East. President Bush went to negotiate agreements on oil prices. President Clinton went to negotiate agreements on oil wrestling.Al Gore is back in the news today because President Obama is saying he might send him to North Korea to negotiate with Kim Jong-Il. ... Im thinking if youre going to send a vice president to negotiate with a madman, why dont you send Joe Biden? At least...Biden speaks the language of crazy. He understands the ways of the bonkers.I cant remember if Al Gore has a beard right now or not, because if so, thats good. Its like Robin Williams ? its the same rule. Robin Williams, beard in the movie, its a good movie. No beard, bad movie.Hes been acting up a lot lately, Kim Jong-Il. Yesterday he sentenced two American journalists to a labor camp. And a couple of weeks ago, he tested another nuclear weapon. I think he thinks hes a Bond villain. ... The next thing you know, hell be living in a hollowed-out volcano with an army of robot skeletons and hell be stroking a large cat.Sarah Palin called David Letterman pathetic. Did you hear? She did. ... She called David Letterman pathetic because of a joke he told. Im like, David Letterman is my boss. I have got his back, Mrs. Palin, unless youd won the election. Then Dave would be on his own. But thats show business. Thats the way things are.Iran is bracing itself for their upcoming presidential election. ... President Ahmadinejad is behind in the polls. I think its because of his campaign slogan, Vote for me, and I wont cut off your hand.Politics is very similar over there as here. Ahmadinejad says if hes elected, hell bail out the camel industry.Iran had its presidential election. President Ahma-Dinna-Jacket was way behind in the polls. ... And then, lo and behold, he won big, everywhere -- in big cities, rural areas, even in Florida.Election returns...are kind of hard to believe. According to the numbers, both opposition candidates lost to Ahma-Dinna-Jacket in their hometowns. Thats like Barack Obama losing in the city of Chicago. Im not, in any way, suggesting Iranian politics are as corrupt as Chicago, but even...Blagojevich is like, Oh, theyre good.Not such a great day for Hillary Clinton. She fell down, broke her elbow. ... You know, Fox News is going to be all over this story. This proves the Democrats are weak. Reagan fell over 10 times, didnt even break his hair.Now the official report said that Hillary fell while she was walking to her car in the parking lot of the State Department. But Hillary likes to exaggerate, so shes telling everybody it was sniper fire.The Secret Service performed beautifully but they had to use the Jaws of Life to cut Hillary out of her pantsuit.Did you hear about Mark Sanford, the governor of South Carolina? ... He mysteriously disappeared last week and nobody knew where he was. Today, Sanford admitted to having an affair in Argentina. Im like, great, now were outsourcing mistresses.This whole affair is really a sad story. That has to be the worst thing ever done by a guy named Sanford, except for that episode of Sanford & Son where Fred broke Lamonts glass figurine collection.The past couple of years there have been a whole bunch of scandals involving governors. ... You know things are bad when the most normal governor of the last decade was Jesse The Body Ventura.Dick Cheney is writing a memoir. ... The book will be called To Kill a Mockingbird While Aiming at Your Lawyer.Its being published by Satan & Schuster. Schuster is not really involved.Do you know that environmentalists say living naked a few hours a day can help the Earth? ... Somebody please keep this information away from Al Gore.Of course, the very big news, you cant avoid it, Sarah Palins quitting as governor of Alaska. Everybody is shocked. ... Palin hasnt made a decision this controversial since deciding whether to wear her hair up or down.Dont worry about the state of Alaska. Theyll be fine. According to the state constitution, the job automatically goes to the lieutenant governor, Chilly Willy.This weekend is the 10th anniversary of SpongeBob SquarePants. ... President Obama recently said SpongeBob is his favorite cartoon. He loves to watch that silly little guy run around and say crazy stuff, annoying everyone. Reminds him of Joe Biden.It hasnt been a good week for Hillary Clinton. The North Korean government lashed out at her, saying she looks like a schoolgirl. ... Bill Clinton responded with, I wish.The US Senate is considering a bill that would tax Botox. ... When Botox users heard this, they were horrified. Well, I think they were horrified. Its difficult to tell.Over the weekend, the President of France fainted while jogging. First of all, what kind of president of France is jogging? He should be smoking!Hes all right now. But for a couple of minutes, he was so woozy he mistook his wife for his mistress.Its a great day for our former President Bill Clinton. He went to North Korea and negotiated the release of two female journalists. He did it! Clinton agreed to go as soon as he found out the mission was picking up chicks.The two journalists are flying back with Bill Clinton on his jet. They told reporters they endured round-the-clock surveillance and repeated strip searches. And the prison was even worse.Bill Clinton is back in America after going to North Korea and freeing two journalists. To be fair, it wasnt difficult for Bill. Hes used to sneaking women out of government buildings.When Bill Clintons plane left North Korea with the women on board, there were jubilant celebrations, until Bill found out they were both married.They landed in L.A. this morning. And it is quite a contrast between North Korea and L.A. Ones a cruel place, filled with soulless people who are despised by most Americans. And of course, the other one is North Korea.Now that hes freed the journalists, Bill Clintons next mission is get Paula Abdul back on American Idol.The White House made it clear that, although Bill Clinton met with a world leader, he in no way speaks for the President of the United States. ... Its the same disclaimer they use when Joe Biden travels.One of the imprisoned journalists said when she saw Bill Clinton, she knew her nightmare was over. Im thinking, well, this is how times change. Ten years ago, when a woman saw Bill Clinton, she knew her troubles were about to begin.Jenna Bush was hired as a correspondent for the Today show. People wonder if her dad was a factor in her getting the job. If he was, it looks like she overcame it and got the job anyway.Its great day for America, everybody. ... Ill tell you why. Because, as of today in the state of Vermont, as of today, no going back now, same-sex marriage is legal in Vermont. ... It is only a matter of time before Ben marries Jerry.Do you know that some politicians are seriously suggesting...Dick Cheney should run for president. These politicians are called Democrats.Its a great day for...President Barack Obama. ... Hes getting ready for a speech hes giving to schoolchildren tomorrow. And he...said he wants the speech to be at third grade level, so he tested it on Joe Biden.Theres a big brouhaha going on at the Venice Film Festival, because the guests...this year include Michael Moore and the Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. That was the guy that called George Bush El Diablo. Now, people are saying that the festival shouldnt have invited that crazy America-hating lunatic, or Hugo Chavez.Some Republicans were so mad about Obamas speech to schoolchildren, they had Dick Cheney give a rebuttal. He showed kids the proper way to stuff a geek into a locker.Did you see president Obamas address to Congress? It was on earlier tonight. ... It must have gone well because NBC is going to run it five nights a week. You know thats a sign of success.Did you see President Obamas healthcare speech to Congress last night? ... Congressman Joe Wilson of South Carolina yelled during the speech. ... Back when George Bush was President, Democrats in Congress, to be fair, they would occasionally go booo. President Bush never took it personally. He just thought Congress was haunted.After Joe Wilsons outburst last night, everyone was shocked. Usually when a politician shoots his mouth off and makes a fool of himself, his name is Joe Biden.But even Vice President Biden said he was embarrassed by Wilsons behavior. This is Joe Biden were talking about! If Joe Biden says its embarrassing, then its really embarrassing, like an Australian bartender saying youve had too much to drink.Even John McCain chastised Wilson for shouting. When youre McCains age, youre opposed to anything loud.It doesnt matter what the Congressman thinks about the Presidents policies, but he acts like he learned manners in the same place Michael Vick learned about pet care.Did you see President Obama on Letterman last night? ... It was very funny. I especially liked the segment, Stupid Biden Tricks.It was a bit awkward, though, when Paul Schaefer...shouted, You lie!Today in New York City, its the fifth annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative. Its a very big political event where Bill Clinton gets to spend time with government officials he rarely sees, like Hillary, for example.But Im thinking, is New York City...the right place for this event? I mean, youre surrounded by hookers, and fast food wrappers, and the smell of pee pee. And thats just Clintons hotel room.The publishers of Sarah Palins upcoming memoir have given it a title. Its going to be called Going Rogue. John McCains memoir is coming out as well. It will be called Going Pee.Its a great day for America...because three Americans were awarded the Nobel prize for medicine today. Take that, Brazil! Brazil got the 2016 Olympics.And starting today, we get the swine flu vaccination. ... Doctors are set to receive the vaccination first, because theyre the only ones who can still afford to go see the doctor.At the box office this weekend, the movie Zombieland was number one. It beat Michael Moores new documentary. Zombieland and the Michael Moore movie are very different, of course. One has a disgusting, lumbering monster that eats everything in its path, and the other one has zombies.Here is some very good news. At NASA, the countdown is on. After years of wasting taxpayer money on research to increase the quality of life here on Earth and all that rubbish, NASA is finally doing something cool. Theyre blowing up the moon!No, it is not a joke. Im not kidding! Right now, a Centaur missile is hurtling through space, headed for the moons south pole. And I for one would just like to say how awesome that is!We could make a ton of money if they find water on the moon. Can you imagine how much showbiz weasels in LA would pay for moon water?Rush Limbaugh has been named one of the official judges of the Miss America Pageant. ... Im like, what? ... A loudmouth judge who loves prescription painkillers? Wait, wait, it worked for American Idol.Do you know in Washington today, a Republican senator from Maine voted with the Democrats on healthcare? ... Thats the first time a Republican switched sides and was not arrested in an airport bathroom.It not a great day for old folks. Today, the Social Security Administration announced there will be no cost of living increase for senior citizens. .... Social Security is the governments most popular program. A couple of years ago, President Bush wanted to privatize Social Security and put all the money in the stock market. That would have worked out. That would be like hiring Michael Vick to look after your dog!Im getting up there. I am 47 years old. Three years from now, I can be in the AARP! Me! Me! Eight years from today, Im eligible for a senior discount at IHOP.There is a new poll out that says that Hillary Clinton is more popular than Barack Obama. ... But you have to consider how these polls are phrased. This poll was worded, Which dude would you rather have a beer with?Its a great day for America, everybody. Yes, it is. It is our secretary of states birthday. It is Hillary Clintons birthday. Happy birthday, Hillary. President Obama asked her what she wanted, she said Your job.Bill Clinton is planning a romantic candlelight dinner tonight. Then hell go home and see Hillary.A debate between former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton has been canceled. Thats too bad. The debate was going to be called Dumb and Hummer.Lou Dobbs quit his show at CNN. I know! Everyone at the network was shocked. Larry King said, Whos Lou Dobbs? What the hell is CNN?I was watching Oprah on the TV. ... She had Sarah Palin on the show. Sarah was promoting her book, where she talks about her plans for the future. I think she wants to be the next leader of the free world, which is ridiculous, because no one can replace Oprah.Over the weekend, Liz Cheney hinted that her father Dick might run president in 2012. ... This news was greeted with cheers, hope, and great relief, and that just from the Democrats.Its a great day for America...and a great day for one of our loveliest Americans, Sarah Palin. Her long-awaited book, Going Rogue, hit bookstores today. ... Last night, Sarah did a tell-all interview with Barbara Walters. I watched, but I couldnt understand what either one was saying. ...Did you cwy when you wost the election? You betcha.Sarah Palins book is supposedly full of shocking revelations. Some of it even surprised John McCain. I ran for president?President Obamas nine-day trip to Asia is in full swing. ... Presidential trips like this require a ton of planning. The State Department briefs the President, the Air Force clears the airspace, and the Secret Service leaves dog food out for Joe Biden. Then everybody heads out.Right now President Obama is meeting with top Chinese officials. The American-Chinese relationship has changed in the past couple of years, because we used to be the worlds only superpower, standing head and shoulders above other nations. We were like Alec Baldwin towering over all the other Baldwins.Now things are different. The financial crisis has knocked us down a few pegs. ... Theyve got more than a billion people. If were going to battle the Chinese for global supremacy, were going to need a lot more octomoms.Anyway, President Obama today met with Chinese leader Hu Jintao. But in China, the first name is actually the surname, so hes known as President Hu. So of course, every time he meets an English-speaking leader, its like the Abbott and Costello routine. Sir, Hus here. Whos here to see me? Thats what Im telling you. Hu. What are you talking about?Happy birthday to Vice President Joe Biden. And to my friend, actor Joel McHale. Joel McHale and Joe Biden are very different, of course. Ones an adorable crazy fun-bucket who keeps the nation amused with his wacky antics. The others Joel McHale.The official White House Christmas tree was unveiled today on the South Lawn. Actually, it turned out to be a regular tree, but it snuck in through the White House security.The Secret Service is in a lot of hot water after what happened. ... But I think give the Secret Service a break. ..... When the Secret Service heard there was a crazy couple in White House, they just assumed it was the Bidens.Hey, are you going to Copenhagen for the climate summit? Neither am I, but at the upcoming climate summit in Copenhagen ? this is true -- you can shake Al Gores hand for 1,200 bucks. For an extra 50, hell wipe the gravy off first.Its a shame, though, because I was looking forward to...that sitcom, The New Adventures of Old Jihad.President Obamas speech to the nation was earlier tonight. ... All the networks showed it. NBC preempted Jay Lenos show. It was his Christmas special as well, I think: The Chin That Stole Christmas.ABC had to postpone The Charlie Brown Christmas Special tonight. And their switchboard was lit up with complaints. At least I think they were complaints. All the calls were like, Wah-wah wah-wah.Everybodys talking about President Obamas speech last night. ... Hes sending 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan. Right now, in Scandinavia, the Nobel Committee is really rethinking the whole peace prize.Anyway, the good news is the first people Obama sends to Afghanistan is those White House party crashers, so its not all bad.Police in Texas seized thousands of ecstasy tablets with pictures of Obamas face on them. ... Drug dealers chose Obama because the pills make you feel hope and change and then send you off to a far away place.Its a good week...because Chelsea Clinton announced she got engaged. ... Bill Clintons very happy about it, because hes not losing a daughter, hes gaining a bachelor party.Earlier tonight, ABC aired A Charlie Brown Christmas. Finally aired it. It was, you know, that warm, entertaining Christmas special. It was supposed to be on last week, but it was postponed for the Presidents speech, which turned out not so warm or entertaining.A lot of people were upset when the President postponed the Charlie Brown special. Obama himself had to deal with some tantrums when he got home. He had to give Joe Biden a time-out.I have to say, not a great day for...President Obama. ... A new poll shows that President Obama has the lowest approval rating of any first-year president in the history of presidents. Things are so bad today the President said the surge in Afghanistan was all Tiger Woods idea.Not such a great day for the healthcare reform. The so-called public option died on the Senate floor today. It could have survived, but apparently it had a pre-existing condition.Its a great day for...President Barack Obama. He accepted a Noble Peace Prize in Norway. I dont want to say this Obama love is out of control, but his acceptance speech for the Nobel Prize just won a Pulitzer Prize, and his overall performance has just won an Oscar.There was a lot of controversy for President Obama in Norway, because apparently, he snubbed the Norwegian royal family. ... He snubbed them by canceling lunch with them. ... And Im like, well dont be silly, Norwegian royal family. Even if the President doesnt invite you, just show up and crash the party. Thats how we do it in America.The peace prize was handed out in Oslo, Norway, but Oslos been in news this week because of that big swirly thing in the sky over Oslo. .... Wait! Wait! Strange star-like object over Oslo, right before Obama arrives, a gift of a gold medal given by a group of wise men. Nah. No. .... Even MSNBC are going, Nah, you took it too far.Anyway, some people say that the light was a UFO coming to welcome Obama, which is of course ridiculous. Because if it was really a UFO, they would take Joe Biden back to his home planet. Come on, Joe, youve bothered these people long enough. Lets go and embarrass the people of Pluto.Did you see President Obamas Christmas card? Neither did I, he never sent me one. But some people are angry that it doesnt contain the word Christmas. But I think the message is there. The card shows three wise men asking for bailout money. Its right there. You can see it.President Obama -- this is an odd bit of news -- he is going to appear on a WWE wrestling special. ... Clearly he wants another one of them peace prizes.But Obamas...taking this appearance seriously. Hes been practicing by repeatedly hitting Joe Biden over the head with a folding chair.This, by the way, is the first time a president has participated in a wrestling event, if you dont count Bill Clintons mud wrestling fiasco towards the end of his...Everyones back from vacation today. In Washington, President Obama returned to the Oval Office after spending the holidays in Hawaii. And Joe Biden returned after spending the holidays on his home planet.Did you go and see the Avatar movie? ... The 3-D blockbuster has now made one billion dollars. Today, the auto industry issued a statement. Theyd like to remind people that all their cars are in 3-D.Its a great day for Sarah Palin. She was hired as a commentator for Fox News. She signed a multi-year contract, which means shell probably quit after a year.Some critics are saying that Palin wont last on Fox because shes an over-emotional woman who...gets the facts wrong. But I disagree. Its working great for Glenn Beck, so shell be fine. What?! You heard me! Hey, wait a minute!Of course, the really big news is...Conan OBrien said in a written statement that he will not do The Tonight Show after Jay Leno. I think. But then he also said he wants to make The Tonight Show the best it can be, which means he didnt quit. I think. I dont know. I have no idea. Im sure the lawyers will figure that out. ... Actually, I can think of a much better solution than the lawyers. Heres what I think we should do here -- government bailout money. It worked with Wall Street. Why doesnt Congress give NBC money to make more late night shows? That would solve everything.But for now, it looks like Jays back on at 11:30. Now people are getting their old jobs back. How long before Dick Cheney shows up at the White House? Hey Biden, heard you turned my dungeon into breakfast nook. You bastard!The White House issued a statement today. Theyre blaming government inefficiencies ? this is true ? theyre blaming it on old computers. ... Apparently, all the computers keep crashing. And everyone knows the only crashing tolerated at the White House is during state dinners.The White House said theyre replacing any technology thats obsolete, broken down and causes problems. Desktops, laptops, Joe Biden: Its all going out.It was a year ago today that the President moved into the White House. An since that time, his hairs gone gray, hes made some people mad at him, hes let down...quite a lot of his supporters, which makes him perfect for his new job, host of The Tonight Show.Hillary Clinton...said today shes having a tough time planning Chelsea Clintons upcoming wedding. In fact, theyre still looking for dresses. That should be easy. If they want to find some dresses, just look on the floor of Bills office.Happy Presidents Day, everybody. On Presidents Day, we celebrate Americas presidential history by enjoying a great deal on mattresses.I think it was President Kennedy who said, Ask not what you can do for your country, ask what you can do to get quality goods at discount prices.Do you know there is a congressional candidate from Missouri who is saying that allowing gays into the military could strengthen al Qaeda? Im thinking, how exactly would that work? They dance better than me and they know how to accessorize. Im very, very angry. Its time for jihad.A park is opening in London with a playground for old people. It sounds great until the merry-go-round goes so fast, grandpas dentures fly off.Do you know why it is a good day today? Ill tell you why. Because the new credit card regulations start today. Thats good news if you have credit card debt, like me. I racked up 50 grand on bedazzlers.But starting today, the credit card companies have to scale back their evil ways. They cant raise or increase rates whenever they want. Thats great news, because Americans owe $874 billion to credit card companies. To be fair, most of that is Mel Gibsons bar tab.I dont keep many credit cards because Im worried someone might steal my identity. Yeah, right. Like anyone would want my identity. After two days, theyd beg me to take it back.Credit card companies make most of their profits from loaning money to people who they know cant pay it back. Thats why credit card companies are evil. ... Theyre like a cross between Satan and divorce lawyers.Credit card companies have been good for one group, of course. The mafia. When you need to borrow money, the mob seems like a better deal. You dont pay me back, I break both your legs. Is that all? Fine.Its a great day for...former Vice President Dick Cheney, who was released from the hospital today. Hes doing well. Doctors say hell be up and shooting lawyers in no time.The US Mint has announced theyre re-designing the penny. ... The pennys going to have...Abraham Lincoln on the front and a shield on the back. And Im thinking, Lincolns probably thinking, Oh, sure, now you give me a shield. ... Its probably too soon to say that.Bernie Madoffs daughter-in-law, Stephanie Madoff, is changing her name. She thinks the Madoff name is tainted with scandal. She wants a name with a less negative connotation. Shell now be known as Stephanie bin Laden.Not a great day for that air traffic accident controller at JFK. Did you hear about this? He let his young son talk to planes on the radio. Authorities say this is the worst abuse of bring your kid to work day since Woody Allen.Did you hear that rush Limbaughs Manhattan penthouse is on the market for $14 million. Its an amazing property. Over 4,000 square feet. And thats just the medicine cabinet.Sarah Palin is getting her own reality show. Its going to be called So You Think You Can See Russia?Some websites are saying the Obama Administration may ban fishing in rivers and lakes. ... The new fishing rules havent been announced yet, so Im not sure whats really going on. On Fox News, theyre saying, Obama wages jihad on fishing. On NPR, theyre saying, Obama protects aquatic unicorns.What kind of a day is it for you? Because I think it is a great day for America! It is. And Ill tell you why. ... Because all day today...Ben and Jerrys was giving out free ice cream. ... And Starbucks was giving out free pastries. Everybodys getting cocky now that theres free health insurance. ... Eat what you like. Diabetes? Who cares?Do you know in Switzerland, in Geneva, scientists are celebrating? They have a multimillion dollar atom-smasher that has given us new information on how the universe began. Couldnt these scientists save some money and just ask Larry King?President Obama signed a historic treaty with the Russian president today. ... Not everyones happy about it. Fox News said it was a summit between a powerful communist leader and the president of Russia.Its a great day for old people. ... A 96-year-old man in South Africa became the worlds oldest bungee jumper. ... It is a great day to be old, one because of the bungee jump guy and the new trend sweeping the fashion world is gray hair. ... It was in the New York Times. ... Actually the only people who still read the New York Times have got gray hair.Its a great day for America, everybody. Yes, it is! But not a great day for our former Vice President Al Gore. He was ambushed for interview by Fox News. ... Whats wrong with you Fox News? You dont ambush him. If you want to get Al Gore for interview, you dont have to ambush him. Just leave trail of ham into studio.President Obama went to NASA headquarters, where he said he wants to send someone to Mars. Theyre still deciding who to send. It was an awkward moment when Bill Clinton went, We could send Hillary.Airports from London to Warsaw are on their sixth day of shutdown. ... The airports are closed because a volcano is erupting. Smoke and ash are spreading over Europe. The smoke cloud is big and thick. Meteorologists originally thought it was coming from Willie Nelsons tour bus.Great day for America but another bad day for...air travel. A second giant smoke cloud shooting into the sky. Air traffic controllers say its no longer safe to fly anywhere near Woody Harrelsons house.That...volcano in Iceland is still causing problems! ... Planes are flying again, but thousands of people are stranded. I didnt think it would affect me, but now it has. ... Last night, I was supposed to go to a concert by my musical hero, Gary Numan, who couldnt get a flight here because of that...volcano. Numan is well known in Britain, but only has one hit here. It was Cars. It was a hit in America. Here in my car, I feel safest of all. This was before Toyotas.Over the weekend, there were huge marches to protest Arizonas new immigration law. ... If you dont know, Arizonas new law says police have to ask anyone for immigration papers if reasonable suspicion can be found that theyre in the country illegally. ... But whats reasonable suspicion? One Arizona lawmaker said, Illegal immigrants are easy to spot because of their clothes. Really? I know it was obvious with me when I got off the plane because I was wearing Speedos, of course.Last weekend, President Obama...gave an impassioned speech against technology. And then he had to stop when the teleprompter broke.Sir Paul McCartney played at the White House last night. He dedicated the Beatles song Michelle to the First Lady. Isnt that lovely? And then for Joe Biden, he played Fool on the Hill.Rush Limbaugh got married over the weekend. ... This is actually his fourth marriage; he blames the first three breakups on Obama.You know who sang at Rushs wedding? Elton John! ... According to rush, gay people can sing at weddings. Just not their own.With e-mails and texting and twitter, we dont use paper anymore. ... Were become a paperless society, except perhaps in Arizona.A great day for President Obama. He addressed a group of senior citizens in Maryland today. Hes pitching his healthcare bill. According to a poll, half the seniors thought the President was convincing. 30% thought he was unconvincing. And the rest thought he was Will Smith.It was on this day in 1934 the first Donald Duck cartoon premiered. ... Hes 76 years old. ... Youd think if America loved a 76-year-old...guy with a hot temper so much, we wouldve elected John McCain.Im sorry the show is on later than usual. It was delayed by the Presidents speech about the Gulf oil spill. Obama has been criticized for not doing enough. To be fair, hes been using every strategy in the book. Unfortunately, its the same book President Bush used for Katrina.This spill... makes the Exxon Valdez look like a leaky juice box.You know its a real catastrophe when our biggest hope is Kevin Costner. Im not kidding. Costner spent millions of his own money to develop a water-cleaning system that soaks up...oil-tainted water and spins it around and pumps out pure water at the other end. ... Director James Cameron is also helping out. He offered up his fleet of private submarines. ... If hes serious about cleaning up the spill, why doesnt he soak it up with his Avatar money?Obama said we need a new energy strategy, one with more alternatives, like solar power. I agree. But lets not forget about lunar power. Remember, the moon is what gives power to werewolves.Now, I know Obama was trying to take the long view, but talking about solar energy in the middle of the oil spill is like watching your house engulfed in flames and saying, We really should change the curtains.By this point, its not even an oil spill anymore. Spill is a little accident that can easily be cleaned up. Calling this a spill is like calling World War II a tiff.Obamas not the only one on the hot seat right now. The CEO of BP is taking a lot of flak. His name is Tony Hayward. ... Today, President Obama had a meeting with Hayward at the White House. It got off to the wrong start. Hayward arrived in a Hummer limo powered by baby seals.I wonder how Obama began that meeting. Thanks for wrecking my Presidency, Tony. Want a water or something?Hayward... didnt take any questions after his White House meeting today. Probably a good thing. Hes great at destroying ecosystems, but not so great at talking. Hayward has said...No one wants this thing over more than I do. Id like my life back. ... Tony, Im so sorry you had your summer disrupted. Id buy you a drink, but youd probably spill that too. And make me clean it up.Now, listen. Im not naive about large faceless corporations who destroy everything thats beautiful. I work here at CBS.There is a new bill in the Senate that is upsetting a lot of people. This bill would give the President the power to shut off the Internet. ... Al Gore is strongly opposed to it. Not because he invented the Internet. Because he did. But because he just signed up for Match.com.Did you know that NASA says theres 100 times more water on the moon than they first thought? In fact, there is so much water on the moon that BP is planning to go up there...and ruin it.Starting today, there is a huge rock festival in England. It is called Glastonbury. ... These days, every country has its own music festival. England has Glastonbury. Here, we have Lollapalooza and Coachella. In North Korea, they have the Kim Jong Ill-ith Fair.In Afghanistan, they have the al Qaeda Palooza. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for -- Kenny Gee-had!Vice President Joe Biden arrived in the Gulf today to survey the oil spill. Im like, havent these poor people suffered enough?BP execs are saying today that Hurricane Alex has rendered their oil containment plans useless. In other words, nothing has changed.Last night, Larry King announced hes calling it quits. ... Larrys not only a broadcasting legend, hes also a good guy. ... Hes given millions of dollars to charity. Charitys the name of an 80-year-old stripper from Brooklyn.I am in quite in a good mood. ... Because its a great day for America, everybody. Yes, it is. Because its the 4th of July weekend, everybody! Hooray! Well done America! Birthday weekend. Im very excited. Take that, Britain.July the 4th is when we celebrate the Declaration of Independence. America actually declared independence from Britain on July 2nd, but the wording wasnt agreed upon until July 4th. If you skipped work July 2nd, got drunk, and shot fireworks at innocent bystanders, youve actually done nothing wrong. Try that with the judge.Its been a very nice week for Bristol Palin and Levi Johnston. ... Earlier this week, they announced their engagement. Now the rumors are theyre going to be filming a reality show. ... Sarah Palin says she cant wait to start shooting. But thats a completely unrelated thing.The movie opening today that Im excited about is The Expendables. ... There are cameos by Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger. In the movie, Bruce and Arnold beat the crap out of Sylvester Stallone for convincing them to invest in Planet Hollywood in the 1980s.Supposedly in the movie, Arnold Schwarzenegger ? hes only in it for about five minutes -- but he accomplishes more in those five minutes than he did in his entire time as the governor of California.Stallone said it was easy getting Arnold to do the film because...when Arnold saw the script, The Expendables, he thought it was about California teachers.Do you know theres a school, a middle school in LA, that has been named after Al Gore. Its very impressive. It has a gym, an auditorium, and 27 cafeterias.Apparently the school was built on an environmentally contaminated ground. Im like ah. The Al Gore school on toxic soil. ... Its right next to the Lindsay Lohan rehab center and Mel Gibsons synagogue.You know the Department of Labor has launched a new website to help unemployed Americans. President Obama said the website is amazing. And he cant wait to test it out in a couple of years.Do you know school kids are on a holiday today? They just had the summer off and now a three-day weekend. They get as much vacation as the...President.The President is trying to back Republicans into a corner by paying for tax cuts on small businesses with tax hikes on big businesses. Its like that old trick when you take two balls, and throw one high in the air to distract your opponent. Then throw the other one right at his chest.If youre for or against it, you have to agree choosing Cleveland to announce new taxes on the rich was a great move. Clevelands a blue collar town. Theyre always up for pinching the nipples of rich dudes.Obama also said in the speech he wants to close major tax loopholes for big oil companies. Which Im like Oh, really taking a stand there, Mr. President. Going after the oil companies, that is risky, isnt it? These days, oil companies are about as popular as Michael Vick at a dog show, I would say.Its a great day for members of the Tea Party. ... In Delaware, in the Senate race, Tea Party candidate Christine ODonnell defeated a Republican. ... Democrats are already attacking ODonnell. Theyre calling her the Sarah Palin of the East. Really? Shes a loud, emotionally unstable woman from Delaware. Thats not Sarah Palin. Thats Joe Biden.Its a great day for members of the Tea Party. ... In Delaware, in the Senate race, Tea Party candidate Christine ODonnell defeated a Republican. ... Democrats are already attacking ODonnell. Theyre calling her the Sarah Palin of the East. Really? Shes a loud, emotionally unstable woman from Delaware. Thats not Sarah Palin. Thats Joe Biden.It is a great day for America but not such a great day for Christine ODonnell. She is running for Senate in Delaware, but now, Republicans are turning on her. Some are withdrawing their support after ODonnell admitted she dabbled in witchcraft. ... Sarah Palin tweeted a warning to...ODonnell. She said, The national media is seeking your destruction. Thats ridiculous. If the media wanted to destroy her, theyd just douse her with water. Im melting! Im melting!She doesnt just do the witchy stuff. She also said this weekend that Hollywood needs to re-evaluate what theyre doing, because movies these days are filled with gay sex and extra-marital affairs. And Im like, well, have fun in Congress then.Did you see the debate with Christine ODonnell? ... Shes trailing in the polls by 20%, so shell need a miracle to win. Or a really good spell.The debate was moderated by Wolf Blitzer. It got pretty intense. At one point, ODonnell turned Blitzer into a real wolf.Its a big night for President Obama. He appeared earlier tonight on the MTV town hall show, which was on just before the new episode of...Jersey Shore. Yes, nothing says low approval ratings like agreeing to open for Snooki.But appealing to the young voters is a good idea, because Obama has to find people so young that theyre not already disappointed in his performance.When the power went out, the food on the Carnival cruise ship spoiled. And the Navy had to send food. It was flown in by the crew of the USS Ronald Reagan. And then later the crew of the USS Bill Clinton flew in Jell-o shots and cigars.President Obama is still trying to quit cigarettes two years into his Administration. President Clinton kept cigars in his office. But I dont smoke. During the Bush Administration, visitors to the Oval Office said it smelled like smoke. Thats because Dick Cheney installed a dimensional portal to hell. Its a quick way to get home!Today, Verizon announced they are going to start selling their version of the iPhone. They say it will actually make phone calls.It was a great day for China, whose president...attended a state dinner at the White House. ... Fox News said it was a gathering of the worlds most powerful communists, and the president of China.Meeting President Hu must have been confusing for Joe Biden. Vice President Biden, Hu is here to see you. I dont know. We did it. We got it out of the way. Youre welcome, Abbott and Costello.Another rough day in Egypt. ... Those protests have gotten so huge that today, the Egyptian government shut down the Internet. Wow. I thought the only person that was able to do that was Al Gore.Happy Presidents Day, everyone. ... Presidents Day, of course, is when we celebrate American history by enjoying a great deal on mattresses.Im glad we have a day for the presidents. But shouldnt we also have a day that honors Congress? You know, when the Senate and House can kick back and not worry about getting anything done?Do you know Lindsay Lohans brother is dropping Lohan as his last name? He feels the name has become an albatross around his neck, so hes changing his name to something more respectable: Kaddafi.In Washington, President Obama and the First Lady attended a parent-teacher conference. And the President didnt look happy when he left. Apparently, Joe Biden is being held back a grade.Over the weekend, the Department of Justice shut down the biggest online poker sites for violating US Laws. ... Anyway, the 2012 election season has started and President Obamas critics have lashed out over shutting down poker sites. Sarah Palin called the shutdown an overreaction, Tim Pawlenty...said it was irrational, and Donald Trump said, Be sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice nights on NBC.According to a new poll, the people of Denmark are the happiest in the world. ... For those of you who dont know much about Denmark, it is President Obamas birthplace.Well be getting an angry call from Donald Trump about that joke.The presidential race is getting very exciting now. One more Republican has entered the race. Its Gary Johnson. Yes, the Gary Johnson. And I think I speak for us all when I say, Who the hell is Gary Johnson?Today is...Earth Day. ... It is also Al Gores birthday. He hasnt been this happy since his last massage.The Industrial Revolution, thats what really messed up this planet. But were actually destroying the planet less than we used to, I think because were focused on destroying the economy.Two billion people around the world watched the royal wedding today, even the guys in al Qaeda. She looks so beautiful. Death to America.Osama bin Laden was killed by US forces. Everyone on TV has been happy all day. Glenn Beck was even crying. Then he found out we got Osama.The media has been going crazy with this. On the left, MSNBC said, President Obama saves world. On the right, Fox News said, President Obama kills fellow Muslim.President Obama must be very happy. He finally took down his archenemy, when he interrupted Donald Trumps Celebrity Apprentice.I think the next election just got a lot easier for President Obama, because his response to every question during debates will be , Wait, I forget. Did you kill Osama bin Laden? Oh, no, it was me, wasnt it?Its another bad day for Osama bin Laden. Not only is he dead, now his computer has been confiscated. Apparently, his computer was removed and taken away and it snow being examined by the CIA. But they have had a difficult time figuring out his password. Five letters, blank to America.There is a lot of brouhaha going on at the Secret Service now. Officials had to delete a tweet from the official Secret Service twitter account. It made fun of Fox News. Knock it off, Secret Service. Thats my job. I dont go around talking into my hand doing courageous stuff. I just realized yelling at the Secret Service is probably not that smart.Former Vice President Dick Cheney has a book coming out. The release date was just announced. August 30. It doesnt have title yet, might I suggest a few? How to Shoot Friends and Waterboard People. Or maybe A Dick for All Seasons. or Torture in the Rye. Or just simply Beloved.President Obama just kicked off a six-day European tour. Which actually is terrifying. This means Joe Bidens in charge!Whitey Bulger. He was on the FBIs most wanted list for 15 years. Hes 81 years old. Eh. Its captured peoples imaginations because its an amazing story. His younger brother Billy was a politician. He was president of the Massachusetts state senate. One brother was operating in a world with no morals, dealing with the lowest of the lows, and the other one was a mobster.Not such a great day for Moammar Gadhafi. Moammar Gadhafi. Im going to call him Margaret Gadhafi. He has had a few not-so-good days in a row recently. It looks like he might be cornered by the Libyan rebels. He put out a statement today. Im going to put out a statement. Are you sure, Margaret? Im not kidding. I quote him. This is what he said. We will keep fighting. We are not women. Im like, are you saying that women dont fight? Because obviously, Margaret, you have never met a woman! Craig, are you implying that Margaret Gadhafi is nuts? I t is a controversial stance but yes, Im saying it.It is a great day for the state of Florida. They announced today that they are moving their presidential primary to January. It will be the first primary in the nation. Because if theres one state that can be counted on for organized, reliable voting ? Im voting Truman!Also a great day because happy anniversary to President Obama and the lovely Michelle. They got married in 1992. They had a celebration of the last time someone said yes to an Obama proposal.Did you watch the Republican debate tonight? ... It was in the Venetian Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. Vegas is a weird place for politics. Why would something known for sleazebags, prostitutes and gambling want to be associated with Las Vegas?You can say what you want about Gadhafi. Really, say what you want, because he cant hear you. For a dictator, he was fashionably dressed. Irans Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wears a Members Only jacket.This week President Obama is going to be a guest on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Im surprised. Because his popularity is at an all-time low. And there are people in the streets marching against him. So its nice of President Obama to help him out.The movie Paranormal Activity 3 is out today. Theyre pumping these movies out really fast. In the new one, the kids are haunted by the ghost of Muammar Gadhafi. Thats fast.Not a good day for Herman Cain. You know, the pizza man turned presidential candidate? Today, a third woman accused him of sexual harassment. Then he was immediately endorsed by Bill Clinton.Its a great day for President Obama. Forbes magazine put out a list of the most powerful people in the world. And our President is number one. I guess nobody told Congress.It was not a great day for Herman Cain, the front runner for the Republican presidential nomination ... Unfortunately, Cain is also the frontrunner in sexual harassment claims. I believe very firmly that hes innocent until proven guilty. But today another woman accused him of harassment. How many women does that make? Do we have the tally thing? Four, four. Ok. Now the first time you hear a nasty accusation like this you think, it may or may not be true. When it happens twice, you think you go Hmmm? The third time you go, Ok, its probably true. But the fourth time you go, Who does that man think he is, Schwarzenegger? Four women have accused Herman Cain of being inappropriate. Thats got to remind him of the deal he offered back when he ran pizza joints. Harass four you get the fifth free.Its a great day for the Republicans. I was watching the debate earlier tonight because were live. It got pretty rowdy. All the candidates were really piling on Herman Cain. He loved it.The Italian prime minister announced he is stepping down. Hes looking forward to spending more time with his wife and five hookers. Where are Italians going to find another sex-crazed politician? Herman Cain perhaps? You know people are saying Herman Cain is in trouble, he will never be elected. [ As Bill Clinton] Does no one remember? You can have a sex-crazed President. Oh, yeah.Mitt Romney said this week if hes elected, he wont let Iran get nuclear weapons. Other Republicans were quick to respond. Newt Gingrich said it would be impossible to enforce. Ron Paul said its none of our business. And Rick Perry said ? [blank stare]Herman Cains wife spoke to the press today about charges against her husband. She said if its true, then her husband Must have a split personality. Herman Cain responded by saying Shes right. Then said No she isnt.Over the weekend, President Obama was in Hawaii, his birthplace. He attended the big APEC Summit meeting. APEC is the Asia-Pacific Economic Conference. Once a year its leaders get together to discuss free trade, economic growth and blah-blah-blah. Im bored already. Heres a recap of the conference. President Obama said Nuh-uh, China. China was like Wha--? And Obama went No. Take that, Nightline! But Im sure the conference was a barrel of laughs. Everybody loves being in Hawaii. The Republican candidate Rick Perry said Hawaii is one of his favorite states. His favorite states are Texas, Hawaii and there was another one ?Its nice they held the APEC conference in Hawaii. But I wonder if things got awkward with the leaders from Japan. And over here is Pearl Harbor. I think youve seen that before.Last weekend the President was in Hawaii. Today hes in Australia. Friday he goes to Indonesia. I think he saw the Republican debates and said Re-elections a piece of cake. Im going vacation.Not such a great day on the New York City subway. Occupy Wall Street people blocked three stations earlier today. Take that, all you fat cats who ride the subway! And youre next, people who use the internet at the public library.President Obama quit smoking this year. It wasnt easy. He had to ask the Republicans for permission first.In Los Angeles on Black Friday, a woman pepper sprayed Wal-Mart shoppers who tried to cut in line. The police acted fast by immediately hiring her to get rid of peaceful protesters outside the banking institutions all across the United States.Its a great day for America, but not a great day for Herman Cain. A day after being accused of having a 13-year affair, Herman Cain says hes now reassessing his campaign. Well, to put it more accurately, his wife is reassessing his campaign.Its not a great day for the British Embassy in Iran. The embassy was stormed by protesters. Not the peaceful kind with cute little masks. Iranian protesters broke in the embassy, ransacked the place, and set fires. It looked like a Wal-Mart after Black Friday in there.Hey, Herman Cain is scheduled to make a big announcement tomorrow. He says if his wife wants him to quit the race, he will quit the race. However, his wifes vote can be overruled by a simple majority of his mistresses.Its a sad day for Herman Cain. Over the weekend, he dropped out of the Republican presidential race. Some people are very upset about this. Those people are Democrats.Ill tell you whos not having great day. Rod Blagojevich. The former Governor of Illinois. Fourteen years he got in prison. He will probably get time off for good hair. ... He was convicted of trying to sell Barack Obamas vacant Senate seat. If he had waited a few years, he could probably sell it back to Barack Obama.Its been a crazy week. What happened this week? Mitt Romney went on the attack. He said, and this is true, he said Newt Gingrich was too zany to be President. Too zany? Gingrich has been here. Hes many things. He aint zany! Thems fightin words. Newt Gingrich responded by tossing confetti in the air, squeezing a car horn and then spraying seltzer at Mitt Romneys crotch.2012, is of course, a big year. Its a presidential election year. But the elections not until November. So we shouldnt see those annoying campaign commercials until this week.The presidential election means all of us late night guys are going to have to go after the candidates when they screw up. Ill do my bit. But Ive got to say, my heart is not really in it. Its just no fun without Herman Cain. He always put a little extra sausage on the pizza.While I was in Scotland, the world said goodbye to one of the last old-school dictators. Kim Jong Il. ... The new ruler of North Korea is Kim Jong Ils son. Thats an amazing coincidence. The elections must have gone very quickly.Today of course in Iowa, it is the first big Republican caucus. ... But I dont know how a caucus works. ... I think what happens is someone gets voted off the island and the rest of the candidates get a rose.It is a great day for America, everybody. Yes, indeed, it is. It is not a great day for Texas Governor Rick Perry. In the Iowa caucus he came in fifth place. Last night he said was quitting the race. But then this morning, he said hes staying in. Hmm. Going back on his word? Maybe hed make a good President after all.Listen I grew up in Britain, had my fill of the whole division between social classes thing. I didnt watch Downton Abbey over the weekend. But I did watch the Republican debate. At one point the candidates said there are no classes in America, a point then hotly debated by all six rich white guys that were there.Mitt Romney had a huge lead going into the primary. It wouldve taken a miraculous, divinely-inspired comeback for anyone to defeat him. So let me be the first to say congratulations, President Tim Tebow.It is a great day for Mitt Romney; last night he won the New Hampshire primary. Congratulations, establishment cyborg. People are being inspired by his bland diction and gorgeous hair. Now Romneys win in New Hampshire means that he received seven delegates and a wagon full of maple syrup. Then he goes to South Carolina where the winner gets a hog and a gamecock. ... He looks like a decent guy. Of course hes a corporate vampire who bought companies to suck profits out of them but he made an ass-load of money doing it and now owns four houses so it worked out in the end. All of his opponents are going after him for being the head of a venture capital firm. Republicans attacking a guy for making money in the free market? Thats like Clinton criticizing an internship program. Thats crazy.The thing I dont like about Romney, hes not funny. For a while, the field was looking promising for late night comedians. Herman Cain, the pizza guy who likes to give women extra sausage. Then Michele Bachmann, with the crazy eyes and the gay husband who knows how to cure gay people.The problem with Mitt Romney, everybody thinks hes a flip-flopper. What they mean is hes not someone who brings a fixed ideology into a situation. Theyre accusing him of weighing the facts before making a decision and being willing to change his mind if the facts warrant it. Do we want this country run by an informed decision maker? No, we want someone who hears everything and says, I dont care. Im right.But theres the dark horse. Rick Santorum. Former senator of Pennsylvania. Very, very anti-gay. Do we have a picture of him? There you are. Let me see that again? Nothing says straight dude like flexing in a sweater vest.Politicians have to reach a lot of different people in Florida. Its a very diverse population. You have old people there and then really old people there. Thats why third place in todays primary went to bunion cream.The Republican nomination process still has a long way to go. The winner today gets 50 delegates, but you need 1,100 delegates to win the nomination. And if you get 10,000 points, you get three stars on level eight.The Republican convention is in August. A lot of people want Gingrich and Romney to continue their attacks on each another all the way to the convention. These people are called Democrats.It is a great day but not a great day for Mitt Romney. He won in Florida yesterday, but today went and put his foot in his mouth. He said in interview today, quote Im not concerned about the very poor. Is anybody even trying to win this? To be fair, to Mitt Romney, the very poor means anyone who doesnt use a solid gold toilet.Newt Gingrich came in second yesterday, but has vowed to stay in the race. He said hes staying all the way to the end, no matter what. People are comparing him to Hillary Clinton in 2008. Look, Hillary Clinton and Newt Gingrich are very similar. Both spent the 1990s trying to find out who Bill Clinton was sleeping with.It was another great day for the New York Giants. In Manhattan, they had their own ticker-tape parade. To be fair, they dont use much tickertape on Wall Street anymore. Stockbrokers just tossed government bailout money from the windows.I wish people would stop believing the bizarre stories about US Presidents. George Washington did not have wooden teeth. No! Abraham Lincoln did not write the Gettysburg Address on the back of an envelope. And President Obama wasnt born in Kenya. It was Tanzania. He was going to be born in Kenya but it wasnt socialist enough.The Obama Administration is blaming high gas prices on unrest in the Middle East. I think thats good news. Because how long can violent chaos last in the Middle East?President Obama is trying to come up with a new campaign slogan that would replace Hope and Change. Hes thinking of going with I Am Not Mitt Romney.Today was the Michigan Republican primary it went right down to the wire. Were live, of course, so if results are in. Do we have a graph? What? Wait. Ron Paul finished first? Wait a minute. Let me see that. Thats a poll of which candidate looks most like Dame Judi Dench. They do have a point.The real story from the Michigan primary is Mitt Romney had some trouble winning his home state. For a politician, losing their home state is unthinkable. Could you imagine being rejected from the place you call home? Thats like Bill Clinton getting thrown out of a strip club.The Romney campaign says they cant figure out why the people of Michigan arent embracing their native son. Hmmm, lets see. Could it be this editorial he wrote four years ago? Let Detroit Go Bankrupt Thats got to work against you. Whether or not you agree with him, that shows Romney had the vision to put his foot in his mouth years before his competitors. But its nothing compared to this piece he wrote last week for the Arizona Republic. Look at this. Accept Your New Mexican Overlords.There is a new HBO movie coming out next month about the 2008 presidential election. Apparently John McCain is very unhappy with the way he was portrayed. He said he came across as a clueless and angry man. No one had the heart to tell him he was watching the toaster.Ten states had their big primaries. Everyone says the big moneys on Mitt Romney. I mean literally. Hes so rich that money oozes from his pores.Romney spent 5.5 million bucks on TV advertising in the Super Tuesday states. Meanwhile, Ron Paul put a sticker on a light pole.But my hats off to Mitt Romney. Hes been out on the campaign trail even though hes suffering from a terrible cold. Im not surprised hes sick. Its very unsanitary to keep putting your foot in your mouth like that. It didnt help matters that he kept blowing his nose into $100 bills.Did you know that Mitt Romneys wife said she doesnt even consider herself wealthy? Ive never considered myself wealthy. Thats how she talks. She then said If you dont believe me, just ask my chauffeur.In Los Angeles, gas prices, it is $6 a gallon here. People in LA are furious. You cant tell, of course, because of the Botox. But they are furious.In an interview yesterday, conservative broadcaster Pat Robertson said its time to Treat marijuana like alcohol. You know, legalize it, tax it and keep it the hell away from Mel Gibson.Some conservatives were shocked to hear Robertson wants to legalize marijuana. Mitt Romney was like, Bitch said what? Daaaaaammmnnnn. Yeah, thats how Romney talks. You never see that.Today was the Illinois primary. ... When I heard Republicans were in President Obamas home state, I went Theyre holding a primary in Kenya?It is a tough day for Americas sweetheart Rick Santorum who suspended his presidential campaign today. He didnt give a reason. I know why. Tonight is the season premiere of Glee.Over the weekend, 11 Secret Service agents were busted with prostitutes. ... Honestly, I dont want to judge these people. Theyre role models who sacrifice so much for others and so are the Secret Service. Heres what scares me though. If a Secret Service guy cant even go to a hooker and keep it secret, what hope -- ?You know who I blame for this Secret Service brouhaha? The politicians. These agents spend a lot of time in Washington. You hang out in Washington long enough and the habits of politicians will rub off on you.President Obama talked about the scandal today. He said hes reserving judgment until all the facts are in or at least until he figures out a way to blame this on Mitt Romney.The agents got busted in Colombia. They werent the only ones going nuts there. Hillary Clinton spent the night out cutting a rug. Thats not code. The pictures of Hillary were all over the internet from the weekend. No, look. Thats the real picture. ... Its nice to see Hillary having a good time. The last time she danced like that was when TJ Maxx had a sale on pantsuits. Another picture shows Hillary drinking a beer. ... Its funny to see how the news media is reporting this. Fox News says shes guzzling a beer. While MSNBC says shes sipping a beer. Hillary herself said -- what did she say? She said, I do not always drink beer, but when I do, I drink Dos Equis.Its a great day if you like paying your taxes. Hey, hey! It is your patriotic duty. A painful, annoying patriotic duty. Something every good American should do. Who doesnt pay taxes? Al Qaeda. Thats who.If nobody paid taxes, imagine what the country would be like. America would be flat broke. All right. Wed be more flat broke. I saw today that this year, the US will spend a trillion dollars more than it will take in. ... Look. Im not an economist, but that doesnt seem to make sense. Experts say 32% of our taxes go to defense. And the rest buys hookers for the Secret Service.According to his tax return, President Obama made $800,000 last year. In fact, the President made so much money last year that today he endorsed Mitt Romney for President.Rupert Murdoch got some bad news today. Remember Rupert Murdoch? Hes the media mogul who has so much money he makes Mitt Romney look like a hobo. Today British lawmakers said Murdoch was unfit to run a company. Im like, Is that news? Hes 160 years old, out of touch with everything. Of course hes unfit to run a company. But perfect to run a Hollywood studio, or Congress.Im sure The Avengers is great because it has Iron Man. Im a big fan of Robert Downey Jr., because hes honest about his past. He tells it like it really was. He doesnt make crap up just to sell a book. [cough] President Obama.Today President Obama said today he supports gay marriage. Which is great news for the gay community. It wasnt all positive though. He also said the show Glee has jumped the shark.Mitt Romney responded today by restating his own views on marriage. He said marriage should only take place between two consenting rich people. Then he said he had no problem with gay people, because one of his best friends owns San Francisco.This is big news -- this is a big step forward for gay rights. Soon we may live in a world where the only people opposed to gay marriage will be gay people who are married.Its a great day for Rick Santorum. Its his birthday. He is 54 today. If you want to get him a present, dont tell him what Obama said yesterday.Mitt Romneys in a little hot water. Turns out he bullied a classmate back in high school. Apparently he pinned a guy down and cut his hair. ... This is bad for Romney because he looks like flip-flopper. On the one hand, hes strongly against gay marriage. On the other, he used to be a hair-stylist.President Obamas in town for a fundraiser. Forty grand a plate. ... Because nothing says Man of the People like demanding 40 grand for some rubbery chicken.President Obama became the first President to come out in support of gay marriage. He said he consulted his daughters before making the big announcement. Which also explains why next year we may be looking at Attorney General Justin Bieber.It is not a great day for Bill Clinton. Hes in a bit of hot water. He was photographed with porn stars in Monaco. Take a look at this. Thats risky behavior. You could catch an STD. You should be careful, porn stars.You know, its Memorial Day. You know what that means. Summers here. A lot of Americans had today off. Not me. How long do I have to be a citizen before I can start taking holidays off? Anyone who is important in this town had plans today. They went to barbecues and pool parties. All the other late night talk shows are in repeats, but not us. Why? Because this show cares. And immigrant labor is cheap.You know who does need help spelling? Mitt Romney. His campaign put out a smart-phone app today. This is true. I didnt make this up. And, on the day of the national spelling bee, they put out an app. Some of the audience are unsure where the spelling mistake is. Look. I think it looks fine. What the hell? A Better Amer-CIA. Romney supporters say that anyone who points out the mistake is un-Amer-cian. Poor guy obviously cant afford spell check. But I think the Romney campaign can spell America any way they want to. Because the Obama campaign spells Kenya H-a-w-a-i-i.Mayor Bloomberg is cracking down on the most dangerous threat to the Big Apple. Sodas. Its true! He wants to outlaw sodas and other sugary drinks over 16 ounces. On the streets of Manhattan, people were enraged, yelling, shaking their fists. Then they found out about this soda ban.It is a great day for America, everybody. Its actually a very nice day for one of my very dear friends, Betty White, who met with the President today at the White House. Imagine that. The most powerful person on the planet meeting the President of the United States. President Obama invited Betty personally because shes great with animals. And the Presidents still having a tough time house-training Joe Biden.But Betty...she was very happy to be there. She hasnt been in the Oval Office since the time she hooked up with Clinton. Betty, thank you for being a friend with benefits.A company in Germany makes a vending machine that dispenses gold bars. They make them. I dont know what you would need them for. Mitt Romney has three in his kitchen. Roll out the gold. Thats how he talks. No, thats how he talks because I cant do his voice. It is the same with Obama. I cant talk like Obama, so I do a French accent. Im the President. Not for long. Thats exactly what the debate will sound like in my head.Its a great day for our President. Hes down in Mexico for the G-20 summit. Today, he met with Russias adorable Vladimir Putin. He said, I think your communist policies are a danger to the world. Theres no word on how Obama responded, but thats what he said.Its a great day for President Obama. His healthcare law was upheld by the Supreme Court. The President apparently had three speeches ready to go this morning. One if the law was overturned. One if the law was upheld. And one if Joe Biden chewed up the other two.But the President is very cocky now, the President. He released a statement today. You know who this healthcare doesnt help? Osama bin Laden. And then he added, Yeah, I was born in Kenya, so what?Yesterday in Cincinnati, President Obama had a meeting with Jerry Springer. He is trying to win the vote of husbands who cheat on their wives with men. Thats a big demographic.Mitt Romney is close to announcing his running mate. It could be a woman. Apparently Romney wants a female with a strong stage presence and the free time to campaign. So Im guessing Steven Tyler.Do you know that yesterday, the great Rush Limbaugh said that the new Batman movie is part of a liberal conspiracy. Im like what are you talking about? Rush, Im trying to work with you here. But Batman is a billionaire who doesnt trust the system to get the job done. He has a butler and an awesome car that gets like two miles to the gallon. He is the most Republican superhero of all time! Batman is a Republican. Well, that is until we find out that Bruce Wayne was actually born in Kenya.Some American lawmakers are angry because our Olympic uniforms were made in China. And they found out about these uniforms on their iPads, iPhones and MacBooks.Its a great day if you love conventions. And who doesnt? The Democratic National Convention is underway. For three days in Charlotte, North Carolina, everything the Democrats do is good. And everything Republicans do is evil. It doesnt bother me. I live in Hollywood. It is like that here every day. Ive been to Charlotte. It has a great NASCAR track. I think thats why the Democrats picked it. They love anything that forces you to turn left.Later in the week, former Democratic nominee John Kerry is going to give a speech about foreign policy. It will be like Clint Eastwoods speech. Except this time the empty chairs will be in the audience.I hope they go easy on Clint Eastwood. I watched that thing. I admit, it wasnt his best performance last week at the Republican convention, but hes given us decades of great films. So Democrats, if youre looking to mock Mitt Romney by dragging an inanimate object out onto the stage, why not just use Mitt Romney?Apparently Bill Clinton wants to improvise, just like Clint Eastwood. It will not be the same. If Bill brings a chair on stage, its only because hes going to get a lap dance.Bill Clinton asked the age-old question: Are we better off now than we were four years ago? He said -- [as Bill Clinton] Yes, I am. Cause Hillarys always out of the country.Its a great day for Bill Clinton. Everyone is still talking about his speech last night in Charlotte. It was a remarkable speech. 45 minutes long. 6,000 words. Like the political version of the guitar solo from Freebird. He really threw it down.Even Republicans admit today that Clinton was great. He really nailed them. Just pounded away. Really stuck it. Peoples minds were blown. I ran out of double entendres.Its a great day for America, everybody! It is! Its a great day for Barack Obama. Today Colin Powell endorsed Barack Obama for president. This news surprised many elderly Americans who thought they were the same person.Its a tricky day for general David Petraeus. The CIA Director resigned. The FBI caught him having an affair with his biographer. Groping civilians on the government dime, General Petraeus? You work for the CIA, not the TSA.The US pays almost a billion to support the first family. Granted, most of that money just goes to making fake birth certificates or hair gel. Depending on who the President is. David Letterman:President Obama welcomed Mexicos new president to the White House. The newly elected foreigner needed advice on his countrys crumbling infrastructure. I dont know what the Mexican president wanted.Tomorrow, President Obama is having lunch with Mitt Romney. Im like thats good. Its nice to see the President reaching out to the unemployed.Also this week the state of Washington legalized marijuana on the same day they legalized gay marriage. So careful, stoners.The DEA says drug smugglers in Mexico are using cannons to shoot marijuana over into the US. They are! They have three distances, the cannons. Far, really far and Willie Nelsons house.One of the big upsets [in the nominations for the Academy Awards] was in the Best Director category. Everyone assumed Kathryn Bigelow would be nominated. She directed Zero Dark Thirty, a very intense and amazing movie. But no women were nominated. The directing category looks like Obamas cabinet.Not such a great day for Lance Armstrong. He admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs throughout his career. He confessed in front of the most respected judge in the land, Oprah Winfrey. Apparently, the interview went pretty well when Oprah told the studio audience, You get steroids, you get steroids, you all get steroids!Some people think a fashion line is a bad idea, but I think if the post office gets behind something, itll eventually turn out to be a good idea. Just look at sponsoring Lance Armstrong, for example.Anyway, the postal service clothing line is going to be called Rain, Heat and Snow. Thats also the name of my Earth, Wind and Fire cover band.In todays vote in Italy, not a single party won the majority. So, Italys next prime minister will either be Silvio Berlusconi, whos the Italian Bill Clinton, and then theres a communist and then theres a stand-up comedian. It sounds like a set-up to a joke. Italian Bill Clinton and a comedian and a communist walk into a bar. And the bartender says Hey, its Mr. Clinton, Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama!You know who I think would be a great prime minister of the US? Yakov Smirnoff. But Craig, you say, Yakov Smirnoff wasnt born in America. Didnt stop Obama.Its not a great day for the White House. All tours of the White House have been canceled due to budget concerns. ... Dont worry, theres another way get into the White House if you dont belong. Fake your birth certificate.Tonight, theres a comet. Look at this headline: A Comet Making the Closest Approach Ever to Earth. Now, is it really a comet? Or is it one of President Obamas drones? Youre welcome, Fox News.The new Pope is from Argentina. Or as Fox News reported, its another job taken by Latin American labor.Over the weekend, the premier of China told Kim Jong-Un to chill out. Now, when the premier of China tells you to chill out, thats like Mel Gibson saying, Whoa, easy on the tequila.Congress passed a spending bill thatll allow the post office to keep working on Saturdays. And if anyones identified with hard work and putting in overtime, its Congress. Jimmy Fallon:Finally. the IRS are in trouble! ...They have a new boss after it came out they unfairly targeted tea party groups. ... The President says the new IRS chief is not only good with numbers, but he has more integrity than the last guy. Thats right, its Bernie Madoff.Today is the 60th anniversary of the first two men climbing Mount Everest, Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay. ... Sir Edmund Hillary was a Kiwi, a Kiwi. They are from New Zealand. Kiwis are kind of like Australians, except they have a fuzzy outer skin and no pouch. ... Historians say Edmund Hillary was the toughest dude ever named Hillary, unless you count Hillary Clinton.A man in California received 11 pounds of marijuana in the mail by mistake. At least he did the right thing. He called the police and told them someone accidentally mailed him five pounds of marijuana.(Referring to the Verizon phone records news) It has been a tough week for Obama. This comes on the heels of the IRS scandal. Before that was Benghazi. Even the crack-head mayor of Torontos like, Rough week, eh? ? Next well find out Obama was somehow behind last weeks Game of Thrones wedding.The reality is that the Republicans and Democrats in Congress have both come out in defense of collecting this data. And as every good American knows, when Democrats and Republicans agree on something in Congress it is time to be very, very worried, indeed.Congress actually gave the White House authority to spy on phones under President Bush. But experts say cell phone snooping actually goes as far back as the Clinton Administration. But it wasnt organized back then. It was just Bill Clinton calling up women, What are you wearing.There is some sad news. Scarlett Johansson is denying reports that shell play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie. ? Nobody is more disappointed than Bill Clinton. He was hoping to play himself.Its a great day for President Obama. He is in Berlin, Germany. He gave a speech at the Brandenburg Gate, the former site of the Berlin Wall. It was 97 degrees in Berlin today. Thats hot enough to fry your schnitzel. ... I havent seen Obama sweat like that since - yesterday, and the day before that, all this week. Its been a rough month.President Obamas trying to get Vladimir Putin to scale back Russias nuclear arsenal. But its not a good time. Putin just got a divorce. He just lost half his stuff.Im conflicted about Anthony Weiner. On one hand, after the pain he caused his family, I think he should drop out of the race. On the other hand, his staying makes my job even easier.In a new interview, Republican Senator John McCain implied that he might vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Im like, what? Republicans arent worried. McCains getting old. He also said hed consider voting for oatmeal.Today, during the hearing on Syria, John McCain was caught playing poker on his smart phone. I know. I was like, What? John McCain knows how to use a smart phone?Bill Clinton admitted hes been cheating on his vegan diet. What? Bill Clinton cheating? ... People became suspicious when Bill said, I did not have relations with that pork chop.It was a big day in St. Petersburg, Russia. The G-20 summit is going on, and Im stuck here. But the G-20 is where the heads of government from the wealthiest nations get together. They talk about the global economy, the European recession and Miley Cyrus at the VMAs.But all eyes are on Obama, because of Syria. He wants to use military strikes. Even his allies dont agree with him. Britain wants to use economic embargoes. France wants to use sarcasm. Its a bad sign for the President when he can split the summit into two groups: those who hate him for Syria and those who hate him for eavesdropping.Its a great day for old people. Old people are in the news today because apparently old people are on drugs. And not sad street drugs. Marijuana. According to a new study, people over 60 are the fastest growing group of pot smokers. Experts say old people have been spotted syncing up Dark Side of the Moon with Matlock.Its not a great day for American politicians. They are all a bit embarrassed. Im like, what? What could they possibly be embarrassed about? Well, they are embarrassed because Russian President Vladimir Putin wrote a scolding op-ed piece in the New York Times. I think he is adorable. He thinks people still read the New York Times. He should have tweeted.If you havent seen the New York Times piece, Putin said America should stay out of Syria. And then he said Khloe should dump Lamar.People are outraged that Vladimir Putin wrote for one of our newspapers. But Putin is no stranger to American journalism. A couple of years ago, he wrote a letter to Penthouse.It is also a great day for Russia. Or is it? Vladimir Putin says hes going to run for a fourth term as president in 2018. He has already decided. He has come up with a great campaign slogan: Vote for me or be executed.Crucial agencies like the US Border Patrol are still on the job. Thats a good thing. The last thing we need is an influx of Canadians, with their politeness and a government thats open every day.But?its another bad day for the American government. Its still shut down tighter than Bruce Jenners forehead.The Statue of Liberty is closed. No government means nobodys allowed near that beautiful gift from France. The French were like mehhh. Then they heard about the Statue of Liberty.Personally, I dont think people are paying enough attention to fact that the National Zoo is closed. The panda cam has been dark for 48 hours. Who knows what craziness those pandas are up to now?Anyway, there was a report today that the CIA has stopped paying some of its spies. Thats not good. What kind of democracy doesnt pay people for betraying their friends?A lot of Republicans are hoping Democrats will eventually give in. Im not so sure. If youre waiting for Nancy Pelosi to blink, it may be a while. You know what Im saying? I dont know if its technically possible.Three days. Three days. The National Zoo has been shut down for almost 90 hours. Inside the walls, adorable panda bears have risen up and formed their own society. And guess what? Even they were able to pass a budget.The only progress in Washington today is a website called DrunkDialCongress.org. Its true. It connects Americans whove been drinking - I think the technical term is drinking Americans - to the voicemail of a random congressman. I know. Im as angry as anyone, but is this a good idea? Is it? Encouraging impaired morons who think the shutdowns some kind of joke to take calls from drunk people?Congress finally got off their [expletive] and reopened the government. ? Congress says theres a deal in place, but remember - theyre Congress.You know what I think we should do? ? If any member of the legislature, a congressman or senator, has served in this particular session, I say we vote them out. ... All of them. Democrats, Republicans, you clearly dont know what youre doing. Im saying we let Leno do it. Leno is not going to have much to do.Todays deal caught everyone in Congress by surprise, except Nancy Pelosi. She always looks like that.Unfortunately, some underlying issues still remain. Republicans oppose tax increases. Democrats oppose benefit cuts. And John McCain opposes kids on his lawn, because hes old.Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said that now is not the time to point fingers. Well let me know when it is. Ive got one for him and the rest of Congress.This morning, Joe Biden personally greeted government employees whod been out of work during the shutdown. Havent those people suffered enough?The US is denying that weve been spying on our allies. But the Germans arent buying it. ? They are very angry, the Germans. Theyre threatening to return David Hasselhoff. You can tell President Obama is getting tired of talking about this scandal. Because today he said, Anyone want to talk about my birth certificate?He [Obama] is also being criticized for the Obamacare website. You know whats wrong with that website? A lot of the people trying to sign up for Obamacare are elderly. So, youve already lost them at website. Heres what I dont understand. Our government is smart enough to spy on us through phones and the Internet. But they cant put up a website? Why dont we take the people who do the spying and put them to work for Obamacare? Bam! Problem solved.Not such a great day for the ObamaCare. Today, the White House has announced that the website has been fixed. But a new poll shows only one-in-four people still think its a good idea. Even worse, because the poll was just of the Obama family.It is freezing. A huge cold front is gripping much of the country. So cold, the Ohio river is more frozen than the Obamacare website.Governor Christies office is accused of shutting down a bridge to get back at a mayor who wont endorse him. Its all very petty, but shutting down the bridge caused four-hour delays. Or as its known in Los Angeles, three blocks at rush hour.Everyones talking about Chris Christie today. Hes a Republican, so MSNBC says, Hes guilty. Fox News says, Give him a chance.The government is cracking down on companies that say they can help you lose weight. The Obama Administration accused four weight-loss companies of misleading Americans about their health benefits. And the companies said, Couldnt we say the same about you?They also made movie about Obamacare. You know what its called? Frozen.Anyway, I wonder what ex-Presidents do on Presidents Day. Probably have a big cookout at the ex-Presidents clubhouse. This is true. Clinton, Carter and the two Bushes all live together in a big house.A 101-year-old man is running for Congress. Good for him, I say. Now, where do you think that is? ? Florida, of course! Hes a member of the Tea Party. The Boston Tea Party. But hes got a great slogan: Time to change me.People from Chicago are being urged to stay off the frozen lakes. But if you want to see someone from Chicago on thin ice, just go to the White House.[Referring to President Obamas approval rating] His approval rating is at an all-time low. He has a plan to make himself look better. It is called let Joe Biden make a speech.President Obama released his tax return last week. Its not surprising. Every president since Jimmy Carter has opened their tax return to the public. But only one of those presidents, and this is true, when he was Governor of Arkansas, only one of these presidents was bold enough to take a deduction for donating used underwear.Chelsea Clinton announced yesterday that she is pregnant. Bill Clinton is so excited hes already trying out a new catchphrase, Whos your grand-daddy?Another thing Russias doing is theyve got a new blogger law. It forces people who write blogs to register with the government. Putting bloggers in jail? Maybe [Russian President Vladimir] Putin isnt so bad.[Referring to Russias law banning curse words in arts and media] For now, Putin is only banning four swear words. These four words will be banned from theater, concerts, and movies. So Russians, say dasvidaniya to the works of Quentin Tarantino and to YouTube out-takes from Jeopardy.President Obama had lunch today with Hillary Clinton. Hillary told the President, After phoning my top advisers, I think Ill run for office. And the President went, I know. I listened in.[Referring to the World Cup soccer tournament] The US is scheduled to play Germany soon. President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel already have a bet going. The loser keeps Hasselhoff.[Referring to the Russian soccer team in the World Cup.] Today, Vladimir Putin gave the Russian team a motivational speech - Remember, if you cant beat them, invade them.The White House announced today plans to begin normalizing relations with Cuba. This as were awkwardizing relations with Russia. If you told me in the 1980s that this would happen, I would have said, I dont care, have you got any cocaine?