The refund is intended to make taxes less of a burden on more Americans and give Al Gore more to spend on fancy shrinks.Newsweek is reporting that after the Vietnam War, presidential hopeful John McCain was angry with Jane Fonda for her anti-war activities. Newsweek also reports that George W. Bush was angry with Peter Fonda for bogarting his joint.George W. Bush continued his vacation by playing an early morning round of golf in Texas. . You are the weakest on the links. Good-bye.After playing golf nearly every day on vacation, Bushs handicap remains his intellect.Bush decided he needed a vacation because besides the energy crisis, the economic crisis, arms crisis, environmental crisis and crisis in the Middle East, the country seems to be running just fine.Bush shot a 98, but after a call to his brother Jeb, Katherine Harris knocked it down to 67.In a related story, Al Gore fell asleep in front of the 88 Masters on ESPN Classic.Heavy rains over the weekend have caused severe flooding in Philadelphia, and there was so much rain in Washington, DC even Gary Condits alibi is holding water.Bill Clinton turned 55 over the weekend. And Bill spent the day with his loved ones and then Hillary popped out of the cake and yelled, Got you, fat ass!Our top story, in C-minus students rule the world, President George W. Bush took time out from his busy vacation schedule to talk to a crowd in Independence, Missouri, at Truman Middle School. . Bush spent most of the day wondering how they knew Harry Truman was going be President when they named the school after him.In the guy who was in charge of the airport in Die Hard 2 news, former actor and now Sen. Fred Thompson with the pie in the face treatment from the Tennessee Titans during a visit to training camp. Gary Condit, that is a dignified politician right there.President Bush is still on vacation at his ranch. I saw him on a horse in a cowboy hat the other day and I thought what a great country where my President, if he tries hard enough, can grow up to be a little boy.Gary Condit was interviewed by Connie Chung. Finally, a Democrat who makes Clinton look classy. There we go.The first question Connie asked is, Why is your hand on my thigh?The most dramatic information came halfway through when Condit was forced to reveal he uses the same stylist Jack Lord did.After the interview, Condit drove off to have dinner at Vitellos in his white Bronco.A recent poll says 84% of viewers think Condit is lying and 16% think hes not telling the truth.In a related story, Connies husband, Maury Povich, snagged an interview with an unwed cross-dressing Elvis impersonator.Our top story in the jokes that write themselves news, President George Bush continued his month long vacation in Waco, Texas, by playing a first round of golf. A mulligan on the first round. Thats a good analogy for his presidency.President George W. Bush met with Australian Prime Minister John Howard today in an attempt to strengthen the relationship between the two nations. This is Bushs first meeting with a national leader since he saw Dick Cheney in the hall this morning.Bush later apologized to the Prime Minister for not visiting Australia during his recent trip to Europe and for momentarily ignoring Howard when he arrived because he was expecting Jeff Probst.American explorers in Mongolia believe that they may have discovered the tomb of legendary tough-guy Genghis Khan. . Historians are not sure where Genghis Khan is buried, but they would like to re-interview Congressman Gary Condit.After 34 years, Mr. Rogers has aired his final show. The good news is the President can still watch Sesame Street.Charlton Heston turned 77 yesterday. He wasnt expecting a party so he was surprised when 100 close friends jumped out and yelled, Dont shoot.The Taliban is retreating from the city of Kabul and we are starting to win the war. According to military analysts, the turning point came when we sent in Geraldo.The people in Afghanistan are watching television for the first time in years and the Afghans cannot believe what theyre seeing. The luxury, the food, the homes and get this, theyre watching Survivor.Not only are they watching TV, theyre also listening to music for the first time in 10 years and thats finally some good news for Hootie and the Blowfish.Its being reported the number two most hated man in Afghanistan has been wiped out by US forces. I hope theyre not talking about Geraldo.Finally, Osama bin Laden is doing strange things to avoid capture. Last night, bin Laden snuck into a cave, went left, then right, then left, then down a secret elevator and into a very tiny room. Heres the weird part. Kato was there.The war continues and now the UN is urging both sides to sit down at the peace table, but I dont think ABC and Regis are ready yet for that.You know, Bill Clinton right now is on a diplomatic mission to Israel where he advised Israel on how to co-exist with a neighbor that you hate. He said, smile in public and have sex with another country is what he said. Our man, Bill.This is a true story. Al Gore is writing a book, with his wife Tipper, called Joined At The Heart. Its kind of nice. Bill Clinton working on a book with Hillary called Dont Throw This At Me.And finally, as we speak, President Bush is preparing to undergo a colon exam. Wow! I guess he was serious when he said he would go to any lengths to find bin Laden.Rap music now being recorded by Arabs. Uh-huh, Arab rappers. You know, I would hate to see this lead to violence in the Middle East. That would be terrible if that would happen.Finally, there is going to be a new show, its a new dating show where one guy dates 50 girls in 50 states, or, as Bill Clinton calls it, reality TV, I think.Las Vegas has announced their new slogan -- The prudent way to invest.And finally today, prison officials did a strip search and removed James Traficants hair, and heres the weird part: They found a 10th coal miner.I was thinking about this. I work what amounts to 20 days a year. I could be president.Bill Clinton making his own talk show right here at CBS. A little morning show. It will be strange to hear people saying again, So who is on Clinton tonight?Right now, I think in my head that its 1990 again, because the economy is slipping, Bush is president, were going to war with Iraq, and Im still a virgin.Arizona Senator John McCain recently compared the situation in Iraq to Vietnam. President Bush replied, What does Iraq have in common with drinking beer in Texas?Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is going to cut the California budget in half by not taking his governors salary. I believe hell be worth every penny.That prison scandal is really hurting President Bushs poll numbers. I hear he is already working on his concession smirk.Former President Bush, the older one, parachuted with an Army Ranger holding him so he wouldnt get hurt. This is for his 80th birthday. This is the same method they use when his son rides a bike.Rush Limbaugh and his wife are divorcing, and experts say this could get ugly. It could get ugly. Im confused. Are they splitting up or having sex?Former President Clintons portrait was so lifelike that Hillary threw her drink in its face.They noted similarities to the Mona Lisa. Especially the way the eyes follow your breasts around the room.Michael Moore, I dont know if you guys know Mr. Controversy. His film got an R rating for its graphic footage. But to be fair, it does show a couple of close-ups of Michael Moore.This weekend, 1,000 people lined up at Barnes and Nobles to see Bill Clinton. Did you see that? Not to buy his book, but to give him a Fathers Day card.President Clintons new book is the first presidential memoir in history to contain the words all up in there.Experts say Bill Clintons book could earn $100 million. Hillary wants to burn it. George Bush wants to color it.Thousands of people waited in line to get an autographed copy of Clintons book. There was pushing, there was shoving and there was groping. And thats just when Bill signs your book.You know my new lady friend, Ill be honest with you. Shes very, very dirty, shes very kinky. And last night we were in bed and she demanded that I read to her from the new Clinton book.Early reviews for the new Michael Moore film are in. OK, it got two thumbs up from Ebert and Saddam.Over on Capitol Hill, Dick Cheney got in a big argument with Senator Leahy. And Leahy shoots back, At least I can do it without having a heart attack.The argument kept going, he used the F-word again and somebody else used the F-word -- Im sorry, thats Bill Clintons book.Have you heard about the controversial movie, Fahrenheit 9-11? I hope George Bush is not too angry about this film. No one wants to see Michael Moore in naked pyramid.Theres going to be another new movie that points out the flaws in the Clinton Administration. Its called White Chicks.Speaking of Bill Clinton, did you hear Bill sign a deal to write two more books? Hes going to write two more books. How many girls did this guy boff?Clinton said his affair with Monica Lewinsky brought he and Hillary closer together. In fact, last night in bed, Bill and Hillary actually shook hands.Over the weekend, my lady friend started talking dirty to me in bed. And I said, where did you learn to talk filthy? And she said, Vice President Cheney.Today, George Bush handed over power to the Iraqis. Did you hear about that? Then they asked George Bush where hes going now and he said, Im invading Disneyland!President Bush was kind of nice, wished the Iraqis Gods grace on their road to democracy. And Dick Cheney told them all to go F themselves.This weekend, Spiderman 2 opens this weekend. And Spidey goes up against a villain with six tentacles. One goes left and one goes right and one goes left and one goes down. I think weve selected John Kerrys running mate.Saddam Hussein about to face trial. And George Bush wants him executed. Not because of the war crimes, but because Saddams beating him in the polls.Rumors are Britney Spears is pregnant. Boy, you go to one Clinton book signing, I mean, wow.You guys know about John Kerrys wife. Shes very, very rich.Lets see, Bill Clintons book now has sold over 600,000 copies. All of them to women who want to see if their name is mentioned.Have you guys seen lately John Kerry and John Edwards together? They are touching and groping everywhere. Even the Queer Eye guys are saying get a room.Last night on Jeopardy, Ken Jennings won $1 million. A million dollars. That is the most money won by a man since John Kerry answered, I do.I dont know about these two. John Kerry and John Edwards have gotten so touchy-feely. They are -- they are always doing that. Now George Bush wants to ban gay campaigning.The Bush twins, I think you heard, are hitting the campaign trail for their dad. Whenever dad is asked a tough question, the Bush twins mud wrestle.She made obscene gestures. Whoopi Goldberg was fired as a Slim Fast spokesperson. Now she was hired to work for Dick Cheney.Big security preparations for the upcoming Democratic convention. Hundreds of police, Secret Service agents, snipers, barbed wire and thats just to keep out Al Gore.John Kerry was speaking to the NAACP. And talking about flip flopping, he said hes for bling, but against bling.A lot of controversy over our Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger calling Democratic opponents girly men. Did you hear about this? On Saturday, he was calling these Democrats the girly men and John Kerry and John Edwards were so stunned, they stopped kissing.The Democratic convention is next week. This is kind of interesting. The Clintons will be there, and they are arranging individual security details. Hillary surrounded by four Secret Service agents and Bill protected by Cat Woman.To mark the 35th anniversary of the Apollo mission, President Bush met with Buzz Aldrin. Then he said, Where is Captain Kirk?President Bush vowed he will not raise taxes in the next four years. He will not raise them. I believe it is hard, very difficult not to raise taxes when youre not president.This happened over at Fenway Park in Boston. John Kerry threw out the first pitch. Talk about wild pitch, it went right, then left, then left, then right, then landed on the fence.At the Democratic National Convention in Boston, Teresa Heinz Kerry told a reporter to shove it! She said shove it, and out of habit, John Kerry asked, How high?Some good news coming out of this shove it controversy, Teresa Heinz Kerry and Dick Cheney just formed a rap group.She said shove it, Teresa Heinz Kerry. Talk about coincidence, Hillary walked in on Bill and said, Stop shoving it.Bill of course spoke at the Democratic convention yesterday, and supporters really loved Bill Clintons speech. They got all pumped up and started chanting Four more whores. Four more whores.Tonight, Howard Dean spoke at the Democratic convention. They didnt give him a time limit. They just said turn the lights out when you leave.I dont know if you saw this at the Democratic National Convention, John Edwards spoke there. He described John Kerry by saying he is strong, decisive and hogs the covers.The ratings for the coverage of the Democratic convention are very, very poor. Very bad. How are Kerry and Edwards going to beat Bush and Cheney if they cant beat Method and Red?I believe that my girlfriend is watching too much convention coverage. OK, the other night in bed she said, Spank me, Wolf Blitzer.Last night, wow, John Edwards delivered a positive message to American that Hope is on the way. Hope is on the way. And today, Dick Cheney replied, That is a lie, the world is a pit of misery and despair.How many of you saw John Kerrys acceptance speech? Did you guys see that? Yeah? Its the first time hes ever said I do and didnt get any money.Apparently before his speech, John Kerry met with Bill Clinton, and Kerry told Bill about being in Vietnam. And Bill told Kerry about being married to Hillary.I dont know if youre heard the rumors, George Bush may be dropping Dick Cheney. Thats the rumor, Vice President. Hes not going to drop him, hes going to give him four more years. The bad news is, the doctors only giving him two.We had the Democratic National Convention last week, and according to the polls, John Kerry didnt get that much of a boost. Now getting desperate. He changed his slogan from Hope is on the way to My wife will buy you a Lexus.This just in, Tom Ridge is warning all Americans not to run with scissors.The latest polls say that Bush and Kerry are tied. President Bush said, Forget Kerry. How am I doing with the candidate from Manchuria?John Kerry took one of his campaign bumper stickers and put one on his bus. He put it on his bus, ok? Im saying, How about putting one over his wifes mouth if he really wants to win?1980s rock stars are launching a concert to defeat George Bush. I dont think it is working. Kerry and Edwards are running behind Hall and Oates.Bobby Brown now says we should pull our troops out of Iraq. Bobby Brown. Ok, lets not do anything until we hear from Rick James.Private Lynndie England, remember her from the Iraqi prison scandal? Shes being court martialed. She has a pretty lame defense. What happens in Fallujah stays in Fallujah.Private England said she and her boyfriend tortured Iraqi prisoners just to have a little fun. Whatever happened to miniature golf?And at a Bush rally, folks stood up and asked the President questions. It turned out they were plants. Bush knew the answers in advance and Bush said, Hey, it worked at Yale.My name is Craig Kilborn. I think everyone has heard the big news by now about me.I honestly cannot believe Im out of a job before George Bush.Apparently, tons of empty seats over there at the Olympics and heres how bad it was. At yesterdays gymnastics there were only two people in the stands and they were terrorists.Today in New Jersey, the Governor held another press conference to announce hes gay and becoming a priest.Our nations governors are rising to the occasion to send supplies to Florida with that terrible hurricane down there. Arnold Schwarzenegger is shipping water, and Jim McGreevey is sending throw pillows.More bad news for Saddam Hussein. They recorded all of his phone calls with Amber Frey.Paris Hilton lost her pet Chihuahua then found her again, thank goodness we can get back to focusing on that Iraq thing now.John Kerry is hitting back at those who say he didnt deserve his Purple Hearts.Kerry challenged the President to rehash their Vietnam service, and out of habit, Bush went bar-hopping in Alabama.In a recent campaign speech, our President, President Bush said our economy turned a corner. Then it hit a truck, rolled over three times.For John Kerry, they came up with a new campaign slogan: What happened in Vietnam stays in Vietnam.Joe Piscopo says hes running for governor of New Jersey and all of New Jersey is asking, Cant we just keep the gay guy?The Bush campaign has denied involvement in the ad, saying he has spent his entire life avoiding anything involving Vietnam.Kerry said the ads hurt him deeply and emotionally, and asked, Does that make me eligible for any kind of a medal?The Iraqi soccer team at the Olympics lost to Paraguay and the coach doesnt realize things are different now. He said Ok, when do they shoot us?Ted Kennedy was stopped from going on an airline because his name somehow wound up on the no-fly list. Is this really safe for people? Ted Kennedy driving?John Kerry says he has a plaque on his desk that reads, The buck stops here. And his wife has a plaque that says, The other $2 billion stops here.Vice President Dick Cheney in the hot seat, where he explained one of his own daughters is gay and he disagrees with Bush on banning gay marriage. ... Responding to the Vice Presidents comments, George W. Bush said, Whatever, as long as that psycho Cheney isnt coming after me.Cheney has softened his stance on gay marriage ever since Halliburton got into the gay wedding business.George Bush Jr. is President Bushs son, Texas Governor and Republican frontrunner for the year 2000. There are reportedly pictures of the Governor dancing naked on a bar during the 1960s. Now thats bad. Even worse, he only had $8 in his g-string. That is a slow night.According to the Pentagon, the around the clock NATO bombings are beginning to prove effective. Since the campaign has begun, hundreds of Serbian military sites have been destroyed, France has surrendered, and the Italian government has changed hands three times.it is April Fools day. Over at the White House, Vernon Jordan gave President Clinton an exploding cigar box -- exploding cigars as a gift.  The President has injured 10 White House interns. Today, the Chinese premiere arrived in Washington to meet with Clinton.  And you know, the thing with Chinese leaders, you meet them, an hour later you want to meet them again.Monica Lewinsky is in the news. Shes going around the world on a book tour. Last night she stopped in Norway. She read some passages from her new book, and people in the store were visibly shaken. They had no idea she could read.A new poll shows 58% of Americans approve of the way President Clinton is handling.Kosovo. The other 40% ask who is Kosovo and did the President get her pregnant? After hearing about the poll, President Clinton said he now approves of 58% of what hes doing in Kosovo.President Clinton has proposed a plan for ground troops to fight in Yugoslavia, saying he will send Americans into battle on one condition -- that hes not one of them.Clintons meeting (Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji) was interrupted several times by Al Gore, who kept coming in to brag this he invented the chopstick.The President pressed Rongji on trade issues, human rights, and most importantly on stopping his citizens from illegally entering the US by digging holes and popping out on the other side.In a secret meeting last night, Boris Yeltsin ordered a retarget of missiles to hit the United States, England, and France.  As a response, the President told the Air Force to fly him to Canada.In news, as the bombing of Yugoslavia enters its fourth week, President Slobodan Milosevic has given indications he may capitulate to NATO air strikes. A peace settlement would end the long of and nightmarish period of me having to make jokes about Kosovo.Today marks the 130th anniversary of the start of the Civil War, or as Strom Thurmond refers to it, a day that was, well, 77 degrees and partly cloudy. Southerners celebrated the anniversary by hastily changing the subject.Archaeologists discovered the remains of a 19th century brothel that operated just a few blocks from the White House.  Today in an official ceremony, President Clinton went to lay a wreath on the grave of the unknown hooker.Our top story, a group of Republican senators is urging NATO to consider sending in ground troops to Kosovo to protect ethnic Albanians.  However, the senators have imposed two veryIn a new report, congressional investigators say the security around North Korean weapons labs in the US is deplorable. Meanwhile, a new report from the Chinese government says the security around US North Korean weapons labs is perfect.Our top story, a group of Republican senators is urging NATO to consider sending in ground troops to Kosovo to protect ethnic Albanians.  However, the senators have imposed two veryIn a new report, congressional investigators say the security around North Korean weapons labs in the US is deplorable. Meanwhile, a new report from the Chinese government says the security around US North Korean weapons labs is perfect.Well, NATO is celebrating its 50th anniversary this weekend in Washington, D.C.  The leaders of 19 nations will be on hand.  And according to the board of tourism, museums will be closed, roads will be blocked, security will be heightened, and its going to be a real bitch to find any crack.Some good news out of Yugoslavia for a change.  Last night, NATO air strikes destroyed a TV station run by a family member of Slobodan Milosevic.  NATO officials say the decision to attack the tv station was made when it was discovered that the station was planning to broadcast reruns of the NBC sitcom Jesse.An angry Milosevic said, Maybe well bomb something that belongs to Hillary Clinton.  President Clinton responded by sending Milosevic a detailed itinerary of the First Ladys movements for the next six months.A CIA report on Chinese espionage was released to Congress today.  The CIA says the Chinese damaged US national security.  And while the Chinese may now have the capacity to build highly sophisticated nuclear bombs, it should be noted they can only deliver the bombs via an ox cart. Pentagon officials say this stolen technology will enable China to do what itDid you hear about the latest?  President Clinton did not appeal the contempt of court ruling against him and has agreed to pay Paula Jones $1000,000 to cover her court costs.  The President says that Paula can pick up the money Saturday afternoonThe 50th anniversary of NATO is taking place in Washington, D.C.  NATO celebrated its birthday by breaking up with its wife, sleeping with a younger woman and picking out a new Porsche.Matt Lauer conducted a rare interview of Monica Lewinsky. She said her name could be a great help to many businesses.  It was later announced she signed a long-term deal with B.J.s Food Warehouse.Did you hear the latest about Monica Lewinsky?  Shes cancelled an interview with National Public Radio because she was rattled by Matt Lauer at the Today Show.  She got upset when Matt asked if her favorite bird was the swallow. Thats not all. Monica is in New Orleans on a book tour. Things not going too well there, either.  A bunch of drunken guys on Bourbon Street were giving her Mardi Gras beads to keep her shirt on."After concluding an historic three-day summit, NATO vowed to escalate the air war over the Balkans. Over the weekend they destroyed several urban bridges.  Pentagon officials say this will really make the Serbian people late to work. David LettermanWoody Allen (is now) adopting a daughter.  I mean, my God, isnt that like President Clinton getting another intern?"Our top story, over in the troubled Balkans, a US Apache helicopter crashed last night in Albania.  Both pilot and co-pilot were unharmed.  Reached for comment, the President called the crash, a fiery, explosive success.Monica Lewinsky told reporters today if theres ever a movie made about the presidential sex scandal shed like the part of Monica Lewinsky to be played by Neve Campbell.  Upon hearing this, President Clinton said hed like the part of President Clinton to be played by President Clinton.The Reverend Jesse Jackson and a team of delegates are traveling to Kosovo in an attempt to negotiate the release of the airmen held hostage.  The mission has been held up while Jesse attempted to come up with a rhyme for free.US officials say a spy snuck into a US government laboratory and transferred computer data that compromised virtually every nuclear weapon in the US arsenal.  He is described as an Asian male, 53 tall, black hair and eyes. The authorities have narrowed it down to five billion suspects.According to a new book, during his college years, Vice President Al Gore smoked pot. .  That was probably the last time Gore had loose joints.According to two new books, Abe Lincoln, one of the most popular presidents, had a four-year homosexual relationship with his best friend..  In a related story, people are now using the expression queer as a $5 bill.A new CNN poll indicates that if the year 2000 presidential election were held today, it would have been a total surprise and no one would have voted.Shortly after her arrival in America, a young Albanian woman gave birth to a child yesterday in Fort Dix.  Its the first new baby born in the refugee camp.  The woman says she will name the child William Jefferson Clinton in honor of the babys father.Serbian President Slobodan Milosovic is reportedly seeking a meeting with President Clinton. Milosovic is said to be desperate to find a way to end the war so that Yugoslavia can go back to battling its Y1K problem.Our top story, the Chinese government is demanding a fuller apology for Americas delivery of super secret weapons technology to the embassy in Belgrade over the weekend.A NATO spokesman said weve already apologized and went on to accuse China of acting like a chick.China is very upset because they feel only the Chinese government has the right to senselessly kill people.The fur may be flying in Beverly Hills today as voters head to the polls to decide if their city should be the first to require warning labels on fur coats. The labels will read, Warning, your husband is probably having an affair.Anxious US Ambassador John Sasser took a cameraman on a tour of the US Embassy while it was being stoned.  Sasser expressed concern that if the crowds become more violent they might strike with their most destructive weapon, an unusually big rock.It was later revealed most of the embassy windows were smashed by errant NATO rocks.Ambassador Sasser was able to leave the battered building yesterday. The good news is he saw his shadow. That means only six more weeks of communism.Details still emerging about last weeks accidental bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade. The consensus is outdated CIA maps were to blame.  Military planners have been afraid to bomb anywhere near the turtles who are holding up the earth. .  To put in it perspective, how outdated these maps were, they were actually supposed to go to our inner city public schools.One described the Vice President as stark raving miffed.Clinton expressed concern that Gore will never win over voters until he starts smoking pot, shredding documents, cheating on his wife, and launching a disastrous unwinnable war.The President then added, I want people to see him the way I see him, which, of course, is dressed in a bra and panties and doing a jig in the Oval Office. After learning that Gore was angry at him, out of habit, Clinton blurted, I swear, Tipper made the first move.In other news, former Senator Bob Dole said hes considering contributing to the campaign of Senator John McCain, a rival of his wife, also running for president. Its all part of a plan to waste the last few erections of Bob Doles life.Extending his support to the new (Israeli) government, President Clinton vowed the United States would do its best not to blow up the Israeli embassy in Yugoslavia.Earlier this week, a lunatic slashed a Picasso painting on display in a Dutch museum. .  In a sad coincidence, in the same museum, a priceless Chinese Ming vase was smashed to pieces yesterday when it was struck by an errant NATO missile.Former Doobie Bothers guitar player Jeff Skunk Baxter says hes hired a campaign consultant and is thinking about running for the House of Representatives.  Asked if he ever experimented with marijuana in college, he said, Yes, but I never exhaled.Another cluster of NATO bombs went off, damaging the homes of three European ambassadors. NATO finally admits its bombs are not guided by sophisticated computers at all, but controlled entirely by the pilots body English.And over the weekend, President Clinton gave the commencement address at Grambling State University, one of the nations oldest black colleges. Later he raised eyebrows when he invited two girls back to his hotel room for a Oreo.Our other top story, much of Yugoslavia was blacked out when NATO air strikes blew up several Serbian power plants. NATO successfully blew up the power and water plants by aiming their missiles at the Chinese embassy.On the lighter side, the real Patch Adams is set to travel to Yugoslavia to perform for the refugees in full clown regalia.  When asked for comment, the refugees asked, Are clowns nutritious?According to Washington insiders, President Clinton is mulling over a plan to pay the Chinese millions of dollars as an apology for bombing their embassy in Belgrade.  And there may be some truth to the rumor because Clinton has already suggested to the premiere he just keep his illegal campaign contributions this year. Our top story, a secret House investigative committee report concludes China successfully mounted a systematic espionage campaign to steal valuable US military technology. The news did not come as a shock to the Chinese because their spies stole a copy of the secret report last week.Investigators became aware of Chinese theft of military secrets when, out of habit, Chinese spies slipped the stolen documents under everybodys door.However, the report does add the United States has no reason to fear attack by Chinese missiles because if theyre based on US designs, theyll never hit their targets.At a Manhattan fundraiser dinner last night, First Lady Hillary Clinton spoke before an enthusiastic audience.  Responding to persistent news media pressure about her future plans, Mrs. Clinton cagily announced, I am moving to New York and I am running for the US Senate. Nonetheless, reporters following this story hint the First Lady may have something up her sleeve, speculating she might move to New York and might run for the New York Senate.Asked if he supports his wifes move, Clinton said, Yes, yes, oh God, yes.As for the President, Hillary says hes welcome to live in any of the other 49 states.Mrs. Clinton says she is not looking forward to making the actual move, though. With all the stains the President left around the White House, its unlikely the Clintons will get their security deposit back.Already theres been a bit of a controversy surrounding the (Mss Universe) pageant. Earlier today Miss USA had to apologize for dropping a bomb in Miss Chinas bathroom.  And Miss Guam was sent home after it was discovered she was pregnant, which brings up the obvious question, when did President Clinton visit Guam?In the wake of allegations of spying against US nuclear facilities, local law enforcement officials are now saying US security would never have been breached had a simple, inexpensive security device been installed.  That device, known as the Club, fits quickly and easily onto the steering wheel of any nuclear facility. The White House said it would have recommended using the club on nuclear facility steering wheels had they known about it, but they dont watch television00 in the morning.Our top story, the United Nations war crimes tribunals that indicted Slobodan Milosevic.  .  990,990 strikes and youre out.In a surprise pretrial move, Milosevic said his hatred began after the ethnic Albanians revealed they had a gay crush on him on The Jenny Jones Show.Film maker Spike Lee was criticized yesterday for reportedly saying the president of the NRA should be shot.  Reached for comment, Charlton Heston issued a statement of support for Lee and said he would continue to fight for his Second Amendment right to be shot.President Jimmy Carter said that NATOs bombardments of Yugoslavia are well intentioned but counterproductive, which, co- incidentally, also describes his term as president.A federal court judge will determine this week how much President Clinton has to pay for being found in contempt of court in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case.  Paulas lawyers are asking for more than $400,000. President Clinton scoffed at the figure saying, how do you expect me to get that kind of money from the Chinese on such short notice?According to recently released documents, the copper casket of President John Kennedy was dropped into the Atlantic ocean two years after his assassination. Evidence shows his brother Ted was driving the casket home when he had an accident crossing the bridge."Speaking at a White House conference on Monday, President Clinton said we should not ignore people who suffer from mental illness, which I think is a nice thing.  To prove his point, the President picked up the phone and placed a call to Ross Perot. Craig Kilborn: Paula Jones husband Steven Jones has filed for divorce from the woman who accused President Clinton of sexual harassment.  Are you thinking what Im thinking?  You are if youre thinking its about time. . Paula says her husband can keep the couples double wide in Los Angeles. Shes going to continue living where shes lived for the past two years, in Larry Kings green room. Mrs. Jones says she doesnt care what happens, just as long as she has visitation rights with the couples glass unicorn collection.  And in the lawsuit, Steven Jones claims that the last straw was when Paula used the wrong fork for the salad at a dinner party. He told reporters there are just some things too embarrassing to bear."Earlier today George Bush celebrated his birthday and guess what he did? Made his third successful parachute jump out of an airplane.  Thats what the man did. I think thats cool. .  Yeah, the man is like 75, I think.  Thats great.  Not to be outdone by Bush, this afternoon, without the aid of a parachute, President Clinton jumped out of an intern.The UN has passed a resolution which will end the war in Yugoslavia. Or it could be used as toillet paper paper, depending on what side of the bed Slobodan Milosevic wakes up tomorrow.As part of the agreement, French troops are on their way to Kosovo to join in the peace-keeping effort. French military spokesmen said the French troops would surrender at noon this Saturday.In a televised address, Saddam Hussein mocked the US and demanded Israel withdraw from Palestine. Iraqis were irate about the appearance because it pre-empted the do-it-yourself show, This Old Tent.Over the weekend, President Clinton said the tax cuts proposed by Republicans would blow a $3 trillion hole in the Federal budget. A spokesman for Clinton says hes torn because he opposes the tax cuts but is strangely drawn to the hole.Officials in Little Rock, Arkansas, announced this week, theyre going to name a street after President Clinton, kind of good news for Bill. It is not the first boulevard to be named after a president, but it is the worlds first three-way street, which is kind of nice.Secretary of State Madeleine Albright met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak yesterday. The meeting got off to an awkward start when Barak whispered -- whispered to Albright, From one Jewish man to another, how do you keep your beard so soft?Pentagon officials announced today that they will be using tungsten bullets, instead of lead, because theyre better for the environment.  All part of a new government plan to make war more environmentally friendly. Military leaders stress that the only change in procedure will be the use of the phrase Eat tungsten, you foreign bastard!Talk show host Jerry Springer is reportedly considering a run for the US Senate in his native Ohio. . A spokesman for Springer said Jerry hasnt decided on whether or not hell throw his chair into the ring, but for the remainder of the week, his shows will feature transsexual hookers debating welfare reform."Springer says if elected hell do everything in his power to make the floor of the US Senate more like the Taiwanese parliament.Craig Kilborn : Democrats in Ohio say Springers candidacy is part of a new Democratic platform, a chicken in every pot and a father-daughter kissing contest at every state fair."After months of frustrating peace talks between warring factions in Ireland, a breakthrough was made when George Mitchell.arrived to broker a settlement. Protestants and Catholics said they went into the meeting thinking it was a dead end, but when they saw his hair, everything else seemed insignificant and silly.Reports out of Beverly Hills, California, are that today is Monica Lewinskys birthday. She turned 26. This is big news. . Monica spent the day quietly doing what he usually does, rooting for truffles.Monica celebrated by lighting 26 candles under Linda Tripps gas tank.Monica says the hardest part is returning the presents that didnt fit. Adding, Do you have any idea how embarrassing it is to take things back to the big-and-tall mans shop?Friends surprised her by jumping out of a cake with presence and singing the traditional, no cake for you, fatty.Scientists have discovered the moon is nearly four feet further from Earth today than it was when astronauts first set foot on it. They denied the movement was an attempt by the moon to increase its popularity by distancing itself from the Clintons.Yugoslavians were protesting today by lying down in the streets. The government says if the protests continue, they will have no choice but to start laughing.The Reform Party held a convention over the weekend, and Ross Perot didnt give the faithful any clue as to whether hes going to run for president. Ross urged the party members to, get in position and wait. Which by the way is the same thing Elizabeth Dole hears every night from Bob.President Clinton attended the funeral services of Morocco King of Queens over the weekend and -- Moroccos King Hassan over the weekend. Others attending the funeral were Ehud Barak and Morocco Mole.Now a lot of queions being asked about George W. Bush, who wants to be our next president. Questions about heavy drinking and drug use in the past. Knock it off. Good news for Bush, that is with this new information out, he now has the vote of the 225,000 people who went to Woodstock are now voting for W. Bush.George W. Bush has angered many Latinos by failing to attend one of their most important national conferences. He promised to sit down with the talking dog from the Taco Bell commercials.While in Europe, Clinton will attend a Balkan summit but spend most of his time in Amsterdam hang out at his favorite hash bar.Clinton said these trips are all part of his plan during the final months of his presidency to get laid in every country in the world.We broke exclusive news about a new book called Bill and Hillary. Its about the Clinton marriage. You heard it here first. According to the book, Hillary Clinton hired a private eye to see if Bill was cheating on her. Ok? And in the book, the private dick discovered Clinton was having an affair with eight different women. Ok? Now, the way they figured this out was, they discovered these eight women discussing the best detergent to take out a stain.Continuing her tour of New York, Hillary Clinton was in Jamestown yesterday where she said Al Gore was the best partner a president has ever had. That is if you dont count Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, Monica Lewinsky, and all the waitresses at the D.C. Hooters.In his first public reaction to his wifes interview in Talk magazine, President Clinton said he has no excuses. Then he added he would be open to hearing any possible excuses, if anyone knows any good ones.At this hour, international officials are expressing concern that if the chaos continues, Russia could lose its status as a fifth- rate world power.If Yeltsin replaces the countrys government one more time this year, he qualifies for a free six-inch sub at Subway.In embarrassing news from our own country, it was 25 years ago today that former President Richard Nixon was forced to resign due to the Watergate scandal. Coincidentally, it was 20 years ago today, Sergeant Pepper taught the band to play.For the uninformed, Watergate was the name of a hotel where Nixon had a dispute with a chamber maid over excessive minibar charges. And it was this brouhaha that brought down the government.To honor the occasion, President Clinton announced he would take a break from lying in his own vague style and use Nixons more paranoid delusional style of lying for the day.Lucinda Franks, the woman who wrote the Hillary Clinton article for Talk magazine said over the weekend, Hillary Clinton believes the president is a sex addict. . The President is denying the allegations he is a sex addict, adding, I am not a sex addict. I just like a lot of sex with a lot of different women. I want sex all the time.In future president news, George W. Bush was the featured speaker at a lunch sponsored by the National Urban League and fielded question about drug use in his past. Bush may have hurt his own cause when he ate his desert with a tiny spoon he wears on a chain around his neck.Cheryl Mills, one of President Clintons lead defenders in the impeachment hearings turned down the job of the White House chief counsel.  If she had taken it, she would be the first female African- American chief counsel to be propositioned at the White House.Ethnic Albanians in Kosovo clashed with peace-keeping troops over the weekend. While the Albanians admit the French troops havent physically abused them, they complain the French guards have been very, very condescending.Mrs. Clinton is fighting a nagging cold. Now the President says he isnt worried about catching the cold because - well, you have to be in the same room with the person.And Hillarys doctors became concerned when her temperature soared into the upper 20s.94-year-old Senator Strom Thurmond is recovering after undergoing successful prostate surgery. But despite the operations success, the doctors say they are less than thrilled, because quote Weve just spent the last 3 1/2 hours looking at a 94-year-old ass.The Russian mob is laundering billions of dollars through US banks with the help of Boris Yeltsins daughter Tatyana. Many Russians are now asking themselves this question - what did Yeltsin know and when did he start drinking to forget it?Yeltsins ambitious daughter said they wanted to use the money to make Russia the world power it once was. Barring that, she hopes to give the people indoor plumbing.A torrential downpour in Manhattan Thursday brought traffic to a standstill and flooded streets. Mayor Giuliani urged residents of the city not to panic but added, in the event of severe flooding, Al Sharpton can be used as a flotation device.For the first time presidential hopefuls are making an extra effort to woo Spanish speaking voters. Among the candidates trying to bolster his standing among the Spanish speaking, Dan Quayle who announced he will spend the next three months campaigning in Spain.Indonesian officials have accepted UN peacekeepers to help control the rioting that began after East Timor rappers dissed West Timor rappers.President Clinton rushed home from New Zealand today to oversee efforts to deal with the hurricane. The President issued preemptive disaster declarations for Florida, Georgia, and his wifes senate campaign.Presidential candidate Bill Bradley scored a main victory over Al Gore yesterday when he was endorsed by the environmental group Friends of the Earth. Rumors are circulating that he could now receive the endorsement from another Gore supporter, People for the Election of Robe Oates.In a New Hampshire speech yesterday, Dan Quayle warned Republicans that drifting away from conservative values is quote, A recipe for defeat. By the way, the ingredients for this defeat recipe are two tablespoons of homophobia, a half cup of racial insensitivity and just a hint of anti-abortion fervor.Floyds heavy rains have had some effect on New York City. Schools are closed, subways have stopped running, and Mayor Giuliani stepped out to get a paper and melted.Zillionaire Microsoft chairman, Bill Gates announced a plan today to give one billion dollars to fund scholarships for minority students. The donation comes with some strings attached, however, since the NAACP must now be renamed MSNAACP.In a story that just wont go away, actor Warren Beatty is getting serious about making a run for the presidency in 2000. Political experts say that there is no way the American people would be so shallow and naive as to elect a president based on nothing more than his looks and his prowess with women.Polls suggest that if Beatty were to run he would draw most of his support from the 11 million women he has slept with.Speaking outside Santa Monica High School over the weekend, California Governor Gray Davis urged local residents to support Al Gore in the upcoming presidential election. Davis said, Not only does Mr. Gore share the best interests of our entire community, but he was first built at a science fair at this very high school.Presidential hopeful George W. Bush is refusing to release his medical records. Bushs advisors say that they will release the records just as soon as they can figure out a way to put a positive slant oncocaine related hole-in-the-nose.In a related story, Al Gore released his health history yesterday and revealed that he had his joints lubricated and his oil changed 2,000 miles ago. President Clinton addressed members of the United Nations yesterday. After getting off to a rocky start, the President won the crowd over with his own style of edgy, alternative comedy.After the speech, Clinton was put on permanent display in the Hall of Lecherous Leaders.A member of Jimmy Carters extended family has been arrested for scalping tickets to the former Presidents 75th birthday party next month. Local police are holding the relative hostage. Carter is not expected to be able to find a way to free him.It was on this day in 1961 that President John F. Kennedy established the Peace Corps. Historians agree that the Peace Corps is a great institution for people who have no idea what they want to do with their lives, but they know it doesnt involve showering.Planes continue to bomb the (Chechen) capital today. A spokesman said the war in Chechnya could be the harbinger of something even worse, Americans taking an interest in something other than Ruthy, the drunken lesbian on Real World.First Lady Hillary Clinton said today shes nearly committed to a race for the Senate in New York. The announcement was embraced by New Yorkers, many of whom find themselves nearly committed to not voting for her.The US Justice Department has filed a $20 billion lawsuit against the tobacco industry, accusing them of fraud and deceit. The tobacco industry defended itself today, saying that according to their scientific studies, fraud and deceit are not harmful if used in moderation.In a terrible blow to comedy shows across the nation, former Vice President Dan Quayle dropped out of the presidential race yesterday. Hes not giving up. Quayle says hes planning to run again for the presidency in 2001.And this exit from the presidential race doesnt mean Quayle is giving up plans to be a player on the national stage. In fact, next week hes going to try and win some of Ben Steins money.Quayle said before he made the decision, he consulted with his friends, his wife, and his two biggest supporters - his right and left leg.Quayle has agreed, however, to remain in the public spotlight for an additional three months until another national laughingstock can be appointed.President Clinton announced today that the growing budget surplus should hit a record $115 billion for the 1999 fiscal year. White House officials said the announcement was historic because it was the first time the President has drawn a circle without making it look like a breast.And this just in, Pat Buchanan has invaded Poland. More on this story as it develops.Presidential candidate George W. Bush is denying allegations he was given special treatment while serving in the National Guard at the time of the Vietnam War. Bush said hes happy to answer questions about his service. For one thing, it takes peoples minds off his cocaine use.W. says he is proud to have served.in the National Guard, adding at no point did the Vietnamese ever launch a successful attack on Houston.Linda Tripp was back in court yesterday, and justice was never so happy to be blind.Linda is suing the White House, charging the Clinton Administration with violating her civil rights by disclosing embarrassing records in her FBI file. Tripp says she wants millions of dollars, an apology from the President, and a new gold-plated flea and tick collar.Tripp says she would have filed the case sooner, but for the last few months, she has been battling a severe case of kennel cough.Tripp says if her lawsuit isnt settled in 90 days, shell send naked pictures of herself to every man in Washington.This just in, Pat Buchanan has annexed Czechoslovakia.Hey, remember Vice President Al Gore? Well, he challenged former Senator Bill Bradley to a series of debates today. Gores supporters expect his strong points to be the pauses he takes between his sentences.The Vice President plans on scheduling these debates as soon as the Debate 2000 programs are installed in his head.For those of you who are unfamiliar with the Democratic primary, its the race to determine who will eventually lose to George W. Bush.The personal physician of George W. Bush told reporters today that the Texas Governor shows no signs of having ever used illegal drugs. The physician went on to say that the Governor shows no signs of having ever bribed him with a kilo of 100% pure Peruvian flake and a handful of roofies for his diagnosis.Actor Warren Beatty is scheduled to make a speech tonight in Los Angeles although he is not expected to reveal his intentions about a possible run for the presidency. Thus far, Beatty has only flirted with a possible run for the presidency, but is expected to make sweet passionate love to the idea soon.Now an update on an ominous story weve been following all week. Apparently, Pat Buchanan has just invaded Denmark and Norway.China began celebrating the 50th anniversary of communist rule early today in Tiananmen Square. 50 years of conformity and overpopulation. Hey, its time to celebrate.Thousands of Chinese children were on hand to take part in the celebration, which is bad news for Kathy Lee.The 50th anniversary gala included guest appearances by several of the original communist party members, including Chevy Chase and Garrett Morris.Well, Governor The Body Venturas big mouth has gotten him in trouble again. In the latest issue of Playboy magazine, The Body asserts that organized religion is a sham for weak minded people. . President Clinton said he would like to comment on the Playboy article but the pages of his copy were stuck together.In other bad actor/politician news, in the new issue of Talk magazine, Arnold Schwarzenegger says he is considering running for governor of California in 2002. Arnold is not getting any younger. Sources close to the star say instead of Ill be back, his campaign slogan will be on my back.Members of the Supreme Court attended the annual red mass in Washington, D.C., yesterday, marking the beginning of the courts fall session. In the coming months, the court will debate issues such as nude dancing, federal regulation of nicotine, and whether or not Buffy can legally slay vampires.The diet company Jenny Craig is going to pay Monica Lewinsky $10,000 for every pound she loses. I cant tell you how shes doing on the diet, although at the current rate of weight loss, she should be a millionaire somewhere around the year 2047.Actually, Monica has lost a few pounds. Earlier this week, a witness saw her at the tailor having her circus tent taken in.President Clinton attended a fundraising dinner over the weekend for access now for gay and lesbian equality. In a related story, Hillary Clinton discovered that not only is she a New Yorker and Jewish; she announced at the event that she may, in fact, be a lesbian as well.In a controversial Playboy interview, Jesse Ventura characterizes the Tailhook scandal as much ado about nothing and ridicules overweight people. In a related story, his popularity rating among misogynistic atheists is up 800%.California Governor, Gray Davis signed a bill that will authorize license plates bearing a picture of former President, Ronald Reagan.  The plates come with a choice of two photographsThe young, viral Reagan with the jet-black hair. Or the old, statesman-like Reagan with the jet-black hair.In typical Reagan fashion, 50% of the proceeds from the sale of the license plates will benefit the Reagan library while the other 50% will go directly to the Contras.Reagan isnt the only former President being honored. A group in Texas has put George Bush on a bumper sticker that says Ask me about my Sons Cocaine Habit.Torrential rains flooded rivers, caused dams to over flow and sent mudslides rolling down hills in Central Mexico. . Pat Buchanan has called for an immediate end to the Mexican flooding, saying that its taking media coverage away from honest, hard-working American floods.Federal Prosecutors have indicted 3 people and charged them with laundering 7 billion dollars of Russian Mob money through the Bank of New York. By the way, if the FBI is looking for my billionaire cousin Gregor Kilbornakova, hes definitely not staying in the extra bedroom at my place.Former President Jimmy Carter has asked President Clinton to grant a full pardon to Patty Hearst, who robbed a bank after being brainwashed by the Symbionese Liberation Army. Carter says Hearst is now a model housewife and mother, having been brainwashed by Martha Stewart.And finally, a New York City policeman and a prostitute were caught having sex Monday afternoon in a courthouse bathroom. Authorities say, if convicted, the officer could receive up to a years probation, a substantial demotion, and a congratulatory phone call from President Clinton.The House of Representatives has passed a bill that guarantees HMO patients access to emergency room care and the right to see a pediatrician among other things. The patients rights legislation was inspired by the courageous Rosa Parks, who last year refused to sit in the back of an ambulance after suffering heart palpitations.Militant Islamic groups have begun attacking Israeli- occupied South Lebanon. A guerrilla spokesman said the artillery was not an intentional attack but was the answer to one guerrillaHey, what does this button do?Boris Yeltsin was released from the hospital after a three day bout with the flu. Doctors say Yeltsin is recovering nicely, and should be back in the hospital before weeks end.Yeltsin appeared surprisingly fit and cheerful, leading some observers to speculate that he might actually still be alive.In a throwback to the 1960s, the amphi-car, a combination car and boat, is making a comeback. . So far the manufacturer has received only one order from a Mr. Ted Kennedy.The United Nations says that the birth of some baby tomorrow will mark the first time 6 billion people have been alive on Earth. Or six billion and one, if you count Al Gore.Today would have been Eleanor Roosevelts 115th birthday. Doctors say FDRs wife might have been alive today had she not been so badly beaten by the ugly stick.Monica Lewinskys father is demanding an apology from NBC and the producers of Law and Order for using the phrase getting a Lewinsky as a term for oral sex. . NBC has refused to apologize and told Monicas father to go Lewinsky himself.If he didnt like this weeks episode, Monicas father isnt going to like next weeks Law and Order where a male character.who is unable to get a Lewinsky wants to Peewee Herman himself but cant because hes had too much Ted Kennedy.Al Gore challenged Bill Bradley to a debate during the New Hampshire primary. Bradley responded today by publicly challenging Gore to a no holds barred, winner take all nap.After a six-year investigation into the life and loves of President Clinton, Independent Counsel Ken Starr is set to step down from his post next month. It comes as a disappointment to no one. Starr says although he enjoyed his job, he wants to spend more time with his telephone tapping equipment.Unrest continued today in East Timor as civilians pelted military personnel with rocks. The protesters were detained and three of them were signed this morning by the Boston Red Sox.In Washington, the Senate rejected an arms control treaty Wednesday for the first time in US history. Under the treaty, all forms of nuclear testing would have been forbidden, although the nuclear powers are still allowed to drop a bomb on any concert performed by Raffi.Earlier today Mr. Pat Buchanan announced he is leaving the Republican Party to join the Reform Party. Thats right. Pat Buchanan officially throwing his hat into the ring for the presidency. And you can tell its Pats hat -- it had cutout eye holes.George W. Bush denied allegations in a new biography that he had been arrested for cocaine possession in 1972. Also denying the rumors, Bushs coke dealer, his pimp and his old cellmate.Elizabeth Dole dropped out of the presidential race this past week, and then dropped out again today after no one noticed the first time.It was an historic moment for peace in the Middle East today as Israel opened a road between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The new road will offer a special diamond lane for car bombers.Al Gore and Bill Bradley hold a their first in a series of debates tonight. Heres a warning - if you plan to watch these debates, please do not drive or operate any heavy machinery for at least six hours.The highlight of the debate came when Bradley charged the podium, picked up the Vice President, and slammed his head through a plate- glass window.Republicans are divided on Pat Buchanans recent decision to leave their party. Half are happy and the other half say they are extremely happy.Earlier today, terrorists burst into the Armenian parliament and began shooting. Afterwards, the terrorists apologized and said, Armenia? Im sorry. We were looking for Albania.President Clinton has proposed new rules to protect the medical privacy of Americans. . Clinton feels the doctor-patient relationship is a sacred one. Especially when consenting adults are playing doctor.Local analysts around are not sure what the Clinton strategy is on this issue, but theyre pretty sure it involves banging some registered nurses.The White House is gearing up for Halloween. Hillary in particular gets carried away with the Halloween spirit of make-believe. This year shes going trick or treating as a senator from New York.George W. Bush did not take part in a Republican debate in New Hampshire last night. . With Bush absent, the five presidential hopefuls broke into small groups to work on their concession speeches.In other election news, John McCain and George W. Bush both have new television ads. McCains TV spot highlights the five and a half hellish years he spent in a Hanoi prison camp. And Bushs highlights, the 5 1/2 hellish years he spent looking for his dealers phone number.Former Speaker Newt Gingrich has signed a deal to become a political commentator with the Fox News Channel. The addition of Gingrich will bring the nicest set of breasts to Fox since Jennifer Love Hewitt.Hispanic pop singing sensation Ricky Martin has asked President Clinton to stop bomb tests on a Puerto Rican island. In return, Clinton is expected to ask martin to just stop.In a related story, David Crosby is demanding that the President stop the illegal bombing of Cambodia.President Clinton is in Oslo, Norway today and says he hopes to inject renewed energy into the Middle East peace talks. He says the talks are stalled at the moment but is optimistic and expects all the issues to be resolved sometime near February of the year 3000.Ever since the Lewinsky scandal broke, Clinton has been ridiculed in Oslos scandal-loving press as the president with the Norwegian Wood.Vice President Al Gore reportedly paid a controversial feminist $15,000 a month for advice on how to attract the female vote. The feminist, author Naomi Wolfe, suggested Gore tried being humorless, bitter and ball-busting and when all else fails, cry.Presidential contender George W. Bush was almost killed while jogging yesterday, when a garbage truck nearly ran him over. Bush says he hasnt been knocked over like this since he snorted some very pure Peruvian toot back in 77.Police have not revealed the name of the driver of the truck but did say his initials were A.L. Gore.President and Mrs. Clinton are the new owners of a home in Chappaqua, NY, after their lawyers finalized the deal yesterday. All thats left to do now is have the Clintons sign some papers, draw up a mortgage and have Bill registered with the local police as an impeached sex offender.Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura left for Japan early this morning. Ventura will spend his time in Japan scaring Japanese people.San Francisco voters went to the polls this week and incumbent Mayor Willie Brown is now facing a runoff against his openly gay opponent. He says he thinks he can beat the mayor because 100% of the citys gay community is behind him.Actor Richard Gere is People magazines sexiest man alive. .  For the second year in the row, the least sexyMadeleine Albright. George W. Bush and Steve Forbes have agreed to square off in a debate December 13 in Iowa. The only stipulation from Bush is that the debate be broadcast live in the regions where he has the most support, Colombia and Peru.Al Gore, who is sharply behind George W. Bush in the polls, has chosen a running mate in a desperate attempt to boost popularity.Presidential hopeful Bill Bradley told Bryant Gumbel he would not run for vice president if Al Gore wins the nomination, but said he would consider running for Warren Beattys vice president just for the trickle- down booty.Charlton Heston spoke at a subcommittee hearing in Washington in an attempt to institute a five-day waiting period for the purchase of dangerously fake hair pieces.A US District Court Judge ruled Microsoft is a monopoly that has stifled innovation in personal computer operating systems. The Justice Department is considering a wide array of remedies including forcing them to sell their interest in Park Place and Boardwalk.This is just the judges preliminary finding, not the official decision, which is expected to be handed down as soon as the judge figures out how to install Windows 95 and use the spell check.Jesse Ventura, Minnesota Governor, who is visiting Japan on a trade mission this week is reportedly having trouble digesting Japanese food. Apparently, immediately after he eats sushi he has to take a shiatsu.Hillary Clinton.hasnt been in Israel 24 hours and her lack of foreign policy experience is already starting to show. She said the Palestinians should get their own state. And that it should be Montana.Some say the gaffes are all part of a plan to curry favor with New York State Presbyterians.Weve been following Minnesota Governor Jesse Venturas trip to Japan for the last week. The Body returned home to Minnesota last night and surprised the media by coming out squarely against his own trip to Japan."New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani has announced a crackdown on cabbies who fail to pick up black customers. To show them how to pick up black men he has commissioned an instructional video from Madonna.Craig Kilborn President Clinton said hed rather leave the White House on a Harley than aboard Air Force One. Reached for comment, Al Gore said that wont be the first time Clintons ridden a hog."Chinese and US negotiators signed a deal to permit Chinas admittance into the WTO. It nearly fell through when it was learned China was being wooed by a rival organization, the WWF.And the Chinese must be this tall to ride the wave of economic prosperity.President Clinton was in Turkey yesterday and visited a tent city set up for victims of this weekends devastating earthquake. What seemed like a good photo opportunity quickly turned into a hygiene nightmare when the President realized that the camp had run out of toilet paper 3 days ago.Clinton finished his visit by telling two girls that in ten years, hell show them how to pitch a tent without a pole.Former White House aide, Linda Tripp has launched a web site soliciting donations for help with her legal defense fund. Linda has raised $100,000, and says the money will go to pay her lawyers. And if theres any left over shell take an obedience class.Tripp feels that she has been unfairly branded as a villain.  But others insist the brand is just a mark ranchers burned into her ass when she was a young calf.President Clinton toured Turkeys ancient city of Ephesus yesterday, which was built more than 15- hundred years ago. The Clintons enjoyed their visit to the ancient ruins and said it was a natural setting to contemplate their ruined marriage.In Cha-Ching news, the US Treasury showed off its new and improved 5 dollar and 10 dollar bills on Tuesday. Not to be outdone, the Canadian Treasury said they are also improving their currency by adding an additional fifty sheets per roll.In an interview with CNN, George W. Bush defended his knowledge of foreign policy. He made a mistake last week. He said that gaffe was just a gaffe. He said as part of his duties as Governor of Texas, hes been trading and negotiating with his neighbor, the foreign country of Arizona.President Clinton was in Turkey today, I guess, getting ready for Thanksgiving. . He met with Boris Yeltsin who greeted Clinton wit bear hug. They actually hug. To make matters worse, out of habit, Clinton grabbed Yeltsins ass.Boris Yeltsin defended his military campaign today saying the west has no right to complain about the assault. Critics say his argument would have been more effective had it not been delivered to a coat rack in the corner of his office.Former box office giant Will Smith has announced he will like to become the first black president of the United States. Although he might become the first black president, he wont be the first president to get jiggy with it in the White House.Republican candidate Steve Forbes once tried to get jiggy with it but he tore a hole in his slacks and had to stop.Will says he already has some ideas about his cabinet. The first thing he would do is appoint Martin Lawrence Secretary of Keeping it Real.Larry King turns 66. . Earlier tonight Larrys friends and wife threw him a wild party in Washington. One awkward moment, after the stripper popped out of the cake, Larry married her.Big story from this weeks National Enquirer. Monica Lewinsky spotted in public wearing braces on her teeth. She says if that doesnt make her more beautiful shes actually going to try to lose 400 pounds.Putting the braces on Monica took the dentist more than 10 hours because every time he went for her mouth, out of habit Monica opened his zipper.President Clinton continued his European trip yesterday with a stop in Sofia, Bulgaria. It marked the second me hes been to Bulgaria, the seventh time hes been in Sophia.(Clinton) made an appearance at a town square to lay a wreath on the tomb of the unknown language.China successfully tested its first unmanned rocket. The rocket failed to reach its designated orbit. China has declared the mission sweet and sour.It was on this day in 1963 that President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Many Americans spent the day reminiscing about where they were that day when they first heard someone tell them where they were that day.Congress may be about to outlaw assisted suicide. The first person affected would be, of course, Kevin Costners agent.George W. Bush.said in an interview Sunday that he wont be meeting with a gay Republican group called the Log Cabin Republicans. Im not saying Bush is homophobic but when theres a homosexual in the room, he wont even bend over to do a line of coke.Playboy magazine is suing the owners of playdog.com, featuring pictures of dogs. . Apparently some of the pictures are stomach turning. There are shots of cocker spaniels and others, and for some odd reason, Linda Tripp is in there.Hillary Clinton has ended the speculation and said she is definitely running for Senate from the state of New York. The announcement came as a complete surprise to everyone living in a deep cave blindfolded and deaf for the past year.Ironically, Hillarys campaign slogan is Bush in 2000.Five months after NATOs bombs broke Serbias grip on Kosovo, President Clinton was in the region to speak to a cheering crowd of Kosovars. The atmosphere was very much like a rock concert. In fact, several women threw Clinton the keys to their tents.Republican presidential candidate John McCain lashed out at the press and his opponents in response to rumors that he is mentally unfit to be president. McCain proved his point by noting that he only gets a little excited about Cocoa Puffs.Down in sunny Florida, Governor Jeb Bush has approved a proposal that will allow Florida residents to buy license plates that say Choose Life on them. Ironic, when you think about it, because Florida is where most folks move to die.Pro-choice advocates are not taking this lying down. Next week theyll begin selling bumper stickers that say Honk if you love late term abortions.Hillary Clinton finally said yes to a run for the Senate. President Clinton said the announcement was a total surprise to him because it was the first time he heard his wife say yes in 15 years.In his weekly radio address, President Clinton said he plans to do some of his holiday shopping on line this year. And Clinton said youd be amazed what you can buy in the Alyssa Milano chat room.Clinton not the only one using the Internet. Monica Lewinsky is too. And heres the thing. Whenever she signs on she gets one of those annoying instant messages from one of the guys who want to know, what are you eating?Donald Trump says if he decides to run for president he will spend $100 million of his own in order to become president. He says if hes elected the first thing he will do is appoint his current girlfriend ambassador to MTVs House of Style.Russian President Boris Yeltsin was rushed to the hospital this weekend with pneumonia. He is recovering nicely and has been upgraded to dead.Reached for comment on his condition, George W. Bush wished him a speedy recovery and said he hopes Yeltsin will get back to running England soon.Teamster leader James P. Hoffa said his organization will not endorse Pat Buchanan even though they agree with his ideas on world trade.  Hoffa said if they are going to support a losing candidate for president it will be Al Gore.World trade leaders met in Seattle today amidst protest of people who shower infrequently. Protesters feared that foreign laborers will take away American jobs. Shortly after being arrested they were replaced by a cheaper, harder working Asian protesters.At one point the protesters stormed a McDonalds claiming the chain serves genetically altered beef. McDonalds denied this emphatically insisting their burgers contain no beef at all.An official from the China space agency has declared China will be sending a man into space in the year 2002, which is known in China as the year of the giant exploding fireball. The launch is all part of Chinas one-year plan to overpopulate the entire universe.The Chinese space agency said they considered sending up a dog or a monkey first but they didnt want to waste a perfectly good dinner.Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of Seattle to protest this weeks World Trade Organization conference. Police sprayed the protestors with pepper spray, tear gas and what some claim is the most lethal toxin in the universe, ordinary Folgers coffee.Leaders say the riots were a good start, but they still have a long way to go if they want to challenge the South Korean team in the upcoming riot olympics.Protestors also smashed windows and destroyed a Starbucks. They announced plans to surround the Starbucks with eight more Starbucks.George W. Bush promised an astounding $135 billion tax cut. Though today, Bush admitted his tax proposal was just the cocaine talking.President Clinton is sending Jimmy Carter to the official handover ceremony to the Panama Canal. The one-day ceremony should take about 44 days.Last night all the candidates seeking nomination took part in a debate. Steve Forbes raised questions about McCains Vietnam record suggesting the senator may not have been held captive for five years in the notorious Hanoi Hilton, but rather in the much less severe Hanoi Bread and Breakfast.Forbes then scored more points with the crowd by promising to buy anyone who votes for him a Cadillac Catera.Last night in Iowa the six Republican candidates for president squared off for their third debate. In an attempt to curry favor with young voters, George W. Bush said if he becomes the nominee, he will name as his running mate Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo.Arizona Senator John McCain again denied he is mentally unfit to be president. He went on to outline his first major foreign policy initiative, sending the Marines to Vietnam to get his canteen back.The participants disagreed on many issues but were most heated on whether candidate Gary Bauer looked more like an evil dwarf or a demonic boy carved out of wood.Almost 100 years after it was opened, the Panama Canal will be returned to Panama on December 31. The agreement to hand over the canal was signed by Jimmy Carter in 1977. In Carters defense, it should be said that he was a really, really bad president.A federal judge in Washington has ruled that Linda Tripp did not have immunity when she secretly taped Monica Lewinsky. The ruling clears the way for federal prosecutors to charge Tripp with illegal wiretapping. If convicted, Linda faces five to seven years in the state kennel.After NASA officials conceded losing the Mars polar lander last week, the space agency announced plans to use the $185 million Mars global surveyor to look for the missing spacecraft. An alternate plan involves gently lowering $185 million into a giant toilet bowl and flushing it all away.The Israeli Prime Minister and Syrian Foreign Minister appeared at the White House with President Clinton to announce the start of a new round of Middle East peace talks. . Later, the Israeli and Syrian leaders met for several hours but the talks broke up early so everyone could catch00 showing of Male Gigolo.Monica Lewinsky was in court today to testify in court in a hearing to determine if Linda Tripp will be tried for wiretapping. . After hearing testimony from both Linda Tripp and Monica, the judge charged himself with failure to sustain an erection.Also there are rumors circulating that Linda Tripp has a new man in her life. . Thats right. Male Gigolo.The United Sates has agreed to pay $28 million in compensation for bombing the Chinese embassy in Yugoslavia. Weighing in on the decision, George W. Bush said now its time for China to pay us back for bombing Pearl Harbor in World War One.The Chinese say they are going to use $20 million to rebuild the embassy, the other $8 million to aid Al Gores presidential campaign.One senior official said that will put a lot of poodle on the dinner table.President Clinton signed a bill into law today that allows millions of disabled Americans to keep their government-funded health covering. It was attended by 1,000 disabled Americans who all jockeyed for the same four parking spaces.Presidential hopeful Senator John McCain said its possible America would someday have a gay president. McCain even hinted that there might be a gay candidate running for president right now and that candidates campaign slogan would be No Bush in 2000.McCain says when the time comes it will be easy to spot the gay presidential hopeful. He wont be running for president, hell be sashaying.Earlier today in Los Angeles, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced the nominations for this years Golden Globe Awards. . The nominees for best drama, Russell Crow, Jim Carrey, and, oddly enough, Bill Clinton for his entire presidency.In a shocking note that reflects the sad state of Russian politics, 14% of the popular vote went to hot young actress Reese Witherspoon. After more than 400 years, Portugal has returned to China the tiny enclave of Macau, the last vestige of Portuguese colonial rule. In exchange, China gave back a lawn mower it borrowed 368 years ago.One politicalGreat, just what China needs, more Chinese people.The space shuttle finally lifted off yesterday. If everything goes as planned, the shuttle will reach orbit by Tuesday afternoon.  And by Wednesday night, NASA will have absolutely no idea where it is.Over the weekend President Clinton said hopefully there will be a gay president. . Having a homosexual in the White House would do a lot for equality, I think. For one thing, the male interns will finally have a chance to do it with the president.Not only that, but what American wouldnt be proud to stand up tall, stick out his chest, and salute First Lady Bruce.The Vermont Supreme Court has unanimously ruled that the state must guarantee the same rights to gay couples that it does to heterosexual ones. . Celebrating the decision, Anne Heche and Ellen Degeneres did something really cool with maple syrup.Moammar Khadafy appeared on CBS Early Show with Bryant Gumbel and said Americans should be worried this holiday season because, Everybody hates Americans. Khadafy shocked viewers later when he proclaimed he and Bryant were moving to Vermont to get married.President Clinton did some last-minute Christmas shopping on the Internet. He purchased a fancy shaving kit with a top of the line razor. So, it must have been Madeleine Albright he was shopping for.According to The National Enquirer, Linda Tripp had a plastic surgery makeover to improve her looks. And thats good. Now, after the surgery, Linda Tripps doctor upgraded her condition to very unattractive.Lindas operation included a chin tuck, a facial peel, and what we call a snout job.Monica Lewinsky.has some Jenny Craig commercials shes doing. . Monica has opened up and said the reason she finally decided get help with her weight was she looked down and realized she couldnt see the Presidents feet.Preparations almost complete in Times Square. . One thousand cops have been assigned to protect government buildings and three secret service guys are guarding the Mayors hairpiece.A huge New Years Eve celebration at the White House over the weekend. It got out of control. Everyone partied a little too hard. The President got so drunk he actually did it with Hillary.Monica Lewinsky was on the Larry King show earlier tonight and she said.she is now casually dating. Of course, by casual Monica means shes only using one kneepad.Monica told Larry she actually wants to have a baby, which is kind of nice. She says if its a boy shes going to name him after the great love of her life. No, notHaagen Daas.Monica Lewinsky last night was on Larry King Live. And she told Larry, she told Special K that shes casually dating, seeing a guy right now. And Larry said, Is he the one? And Monica said, Close but no cigar.Elizabeth Dole has officially endorsed George W. Bush for the Republican presidential nomination. While no longer a presidential candidate herself, she says she is still running from her husbands erection.Bush says he was pleased by Doles endorsement because it showed that the pineapple industry is solidly behind him.Hillary Clinton is planning to spend her very first night in her new home in suburban Chappaqua, New York. Tonight, Bill Clinton is planning to spend the night with a band, a bathtub full of margaritas and 45 waitresses from Hooters.According to the movers, packing up the Presidents things was simple. Everything he cherishes fits neatly into a humidor.Mrs. Clinton isnt planning to spend too much time setting up their home because its a matter of days before Bill wrecks it.A McDonalds ad running in Hong Kong has angered officials from Chinas army because it shows a boy offering french fries to a soldier. .  This is the second time McDonalds has offended China. In an ad last year Ronald McDonald was seen making an illegal campaign contribution to Al Gore.Media mogul Ted Turner and actress Jane Fonda say they are separating. Or, as its called these days, moving to Chappaqua.Stunned by the news, President Clinton called Jane Fonda to say, Come on over. Hillarys gone.The Clintons, as you know, spent their first night in their new home in New York last night, in Chappaqua. Clinton said he didnt get a good nights sleep. For one thing, it takes quite a while to get used to a new couch.Bill and Hillary christened the house in the traditional fashion by not having sex in any of the rooms.Donald Trump today told reporters there was, quote, a very good possibility he would announce hes running for president next month and he said if he runs he will commit $100 million of his own money, $20 million towards the campaign and the rest for something The Donald calls tang.Last night Republican presidential hopefuls Bush, McCain, Forbes, Hatch, and Bauer all competed on TVs hottest new game show, Who Wants To Be A President?The new issue of People magazine has scooped its competitors with exclusive pictures of Linda Tripps plastic surgery. She had an eye job, neck tuck, and skin peel and while she was under, doctors figured she might as well get spayed.Boris Yeltsin and Yasser Arafat.attended an Orthodox Christian service yesterday. Between the two of them, needless to say, everyone got bombed.Pat Buchanan called a press conference to distance himself from John Rocker.In an obvious attempt to score political points, Al Gore has reversed his stand and now says gays should not be allowed to serve in the military, though when pressed he said he could not say for certain whether actor Kevin Spacey should be allowed to serve in the military.Bidding is now under way at Sothebys for one of the 25 original copies of the Declaration of Independence. Some experts are questioning the authenticity of this particular document, which begins, We, the peeps, in order to keep it real.The US Post Office has announced plans to raise the price of a stamp now to 34 cents. Thats ok. Good news, the estimated $40 million in additional revenue theyre going to use to open a second window.A guest appearance by the First Lady, Hillary Clinton, last night on David Letterman created quite a stir. While Hillary was on Dave, Bill was on an intern.Hillary says theres another show shed like to be on. No, not The Late, Late Show. Its that new syndicated one, Divorce Court.You know, if Dave Letterman can get Hillary, Im starting my own campaign to get Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman on this show. Dan, what are you so afraid of? If you want to make it in the world of agriculture, you have to pay the toll here.In Havana, Cuba, several thousand protesters rallied in a two-mile-long parade to demand the return of Elian Gonzalez. . Gonzalez, now in Miami, has to makelive in a world of senseless violence and abject poverty or he can go back to Cuba.In a speech to the Economic Club of New York, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan spoke optimistically about the robust American economy and stock market. He then told members of the club, We still face one looming hazard, errant bullets fired by Puff Daddy.Last night Al Gore and Bill Bradley held their final debates. While the two disagreed on many issues, they both agreed David Crosby should stay far away from Al Gores daughters.In the celebration for Dr. Martin Luther King yesterday, First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton met with the Reverend Al Sharpton. She said it was a genuine pleasure to share the podium with someone she was generally certain her husband had never slept with.Last night the Pentagon tested a new weapon, its anti- missile defense system, which, unfortunately, missed its intended target. . The mock warhead continued in an arc and eventually smashed safely into Fabios nose.The defense system also had problems last month, when it failed to intercept Bicentennial Man before it hit theaters.The CIA is engaged in its first-ever public recruiting campaign. It appears to be working although its hard to tell because all of its classified ads are classified.In an interview with a Buffalo newspaper, Hillary Clinton said she plans to stay married to husband Bill for the rest of her life. President Clinton would not comment on his wifes statement because he was too busy looking for some rope and a nearby tree.A spokesman for Hillary said the First Lady wants to spend the rest of her life with the President because its the only way she could possibly get even.Today is January 20. That means President Clinton has exactly one more year in office. . One more year. So from today thats just, lets see, 365 interns.Along with the rest of the northeast, Washington, D.C., has been blanketed in almost six inches of snow after an unrelenting winter snow storm. To dig out, President Clinton and his advisors used the shovels normally reserved for shoveling crap.Monica Lewinsky was spotted with the snowman, doing a little snow blowing.There was so much white powder on the streets, people thought Marion Barry was back in office.It was so cold, for the first time, Ted Kennedys nose was red and it has nothing to do with booze.First lady Hillary Rodham Clinton said yesterday she would formally announce her candidacy for the New York senate on February 6. In response, Mayor Rudy Giuliani announced plans to ban February 6.The East coast still battling a huge winter storm. . Former Mayor of D.C., Marion Barry was hit by the storms. His pipes froze. He also had trouble with his plumbing as well.It was so cold in Washington that President Clinton called an emergency press conference on the White House lawn just to see all the nipples.The Navy has announced its re-establishing ties to Tailhook. . They said theyve changed their image and announced aIts called Tailhook, now with 30% less grab ass.Al Gore was a much bigger pot smoker than he previously admitted. One source says Gore smoked the reef right up until he ran for Congress . Well, that makes one thing official -- pot smoking is no longer cool.For his part, Gore denies he was a heavy smoker, but did boast that he invented the bong.Not only does the new book talk about Gores drug use. It also says Gore was a founding member of Wu-Tang Clan.Presidential hopeful Bill Bradley has admitted hes had an irregular heartbeat several times in the last month. Hes assured the supporters this will not interfere in any way with his ultimate goal, losing the Democratic nomination to Gore.One touching moment for Bradley was when Gore sent him a get well joint.Today marks the 76th anniversary of the death of (Vladimir Lenin), the first Communist leader of the Soviet Union. Russian Communists paid tribute to him by laying flowers on his tomb and then going home to a delicious meal of boiled toilet paper.Many Beltway insiders are questioning the strategy of Bill Bradley, whose new slogan is I am a big dork.We, here at The Late Late Show; fully endorse and ask that you vote for Gary Bauer. Why? Because we work at a comedy show. And, well, have you seen what this guy looks like?The US mint has unveiled its newest currency, a $1 coin with the face of Sacajawea. Governor Bush was not in favor of the coin because its impossible to roll up and snort coke through.President Clinton says the new coin costs less and is more durable than paper money but much harder to put into a strippers g-string.Secretary of State Madeleine Albright met yesterday with the Russian Foreign Minister. The meeting was going well until Albright demanded everyone refer to her as Butch Cassidy.The grandmothers of Elian Gonzalez returned to Cuba without the boy yesterday. Fidel Castro was very sympathetic and said he didnt blame them for not bringing Elian back, and it was only with greatest reluctance that he had them executed by firing squad.Presidential hopeful Gary Bauer has dropped out of the race for the presidency. Like Ross Perot before him, he said he had to accept the fact that America probably wasnt quite ready to elect an insane squeaky- voiced leprechaun.At his press conference, Bauer thanked his supporters, then drove both of them home.Stepping up the pressure on the gun industry, today President Clinton announced new proposals to crack down on illegal guns. One innovative proposal includes making illegal guns illegal.Yesterday afternoon at a crowded press conference, Hillary Clinton made public what many had suspected. Thats right, she killed Vince Foster.She also announced her candidacy for the Senate, and the President used a chart to explain what he called my sex life with Hillary between now and 2013. (Clinton was shown drawing a graph with an extreme downward slope)The President said he stands behind Hillary 100%. Hillary then asked the President to stand more to the front and side where she can keep an eye on him.This counts as the first time a first lady has ever run for office, not counting the time Eleanor Roosevelt ran for mayor of Ugly Town.Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin announced he will release his memoirs in October. Good news for American readers -- Yeltsins memoirs will be translated into English from the original slurred.Steve Forbes says he is going to drop out of the race for the presidency. Forbes made the decision to abandon the run after he failed to pick up the endorsement of Forbes magazine.At the same time, Forbes announced plans to drop out of the 2004, 2008 and 2012 presidential races.Forbes says he is proud he was able to maintain his image as a weird one in a group that included a coked-up moron, a homicidal schizophrenic and an insane dwarf.Al Gore was in Los Angeles today. And Bill Clinton gave Al some advice. He said, if youre going to be in the L.A. area, be sure to visit Beverly Hills. Yes, Miss Beverly Hills, one of the finest strippers in West Hollywood.Michael Jordan has officially come out to endorse Senator Bill Bradley for president. Some of you may remember Jordans 1996 endorsement of Bill Clinton, White Men Can Hump.Jordan will appear in TV ads endorsing Bradley for president. One downside to the deal -- Jordan will appear as a baseball player.Bradley isnt the only candidate being supported by pro athletes. Today George W. Bush picked up the endorsement of Daryl Strawberry and the Dallas Cowboys.Steve Forbes has dropped out of the race for the presidency.  Forbes told the CBS Early Show there was not going to be a way to win the nomination. The announcement came as a severe shock to his wife, who said her husband always finishes first.Forbes said he doesnt know yet whether he will run again for president or just fly his Learjet over a forest fire and toss $60 million out the window.His one lasting contribution to politics was the idea of a flat tax. Its a 10% surcharge added to any ticket for a movie featuring Gwyneth Paltrow.GOP candidate Alan Keyes was surprised today when several high- ranking members of his staff quit to work on the campaign of a snowball running for president of hell. Governor Jesse Ventura announced today he was severing his ties from the Reform Party. Venturas defection is expected to leave the Reform Party in total disarray. In other words, it hasnt changed a thing.Hillary Clinton caused a buzz in the quiet town of Albion, New York, over the weekend when she ate breakfast at a coffee shop and she stiffed the waitress, no tip. This is interesting. Simultaneously, back in Washington, the President also stiffed a waitress and a hostess at the same time that Hillary was in New York.Donald Trump announced that he is ending his run for the presidency. Trumps unwillingness to go into politics proves what Ive always said -- sleaze and scum dont mix.The Donald says he plans to return to his old job of growing eyebrows.To put this in perspective, Jesse Venturas departure last week has cut the Reform Partys number of dangerous, unqualified kooks by almost 50%.Authorities investigating Haitian drug trafficking have seized nearly 3,000 pounds of cocaine in four ships docked along the Miami River. . In a completely unrelated story, the George W. Bush Valentines Day party was cancelled.Harry Browne, who ran for president in 1996 on the Libertarian ticket, is once again seeking the nomination of his party. The Libertarians will choose their candidate in July at their convention in a McDonalds restroom in Anaheim.Westchester County, New York, residents are hopping mad about a leak at a Hudson Bay power plant -- the most serious release of pollution in the area since the Clintons moved in.On Saturday, South Carolina voters go to the polls for the pivotal South Carolina primary. George W. Bush leading with voters who dont give a damn, John McCain with voters who dont give a crap and Keyes with voters who dont give a rats ass.In a welcome attempt to get away from recent negative campaigning, Senator McCain said his opponent Governor Bush was among the partys most respected spoiled rich-kid coke fiends.Democrat or Republican, liberal or conservative, all the candidates agree on one thing -- after tomorrows primaries theyll never think of South Carolina again.Iran held elections today and early indications are that reformers are edging out hard-line conservatives. Could be the end of a reign of terror and the start of a milder mist of terror. Women may be allowed to remove their veils for 10 seconds every week to brush teeth and shave.According to a new survey by historians, Abe Lincoln ranks as Americas best president. . Bill Clinton ranked smack dab in the middle. Which would have been OK if he hadnt started yelling President sandwich, President sandwich!Results indicate Senator John McCain is the winner over George W. Bush (in Michigan). The Texas Governor isnt giving up just yet. Hes hoping a late turnout will help him win by a nostril.Asked for a comment on the Michigan results, McCain said, Id have to be crazy to quit the race right now, and then promptly quit the race.Last night, Al Gore and Bill Bradley held a debate at Harlems historic Apollo Theater. Al Gore made a huge error in judgment when he threatened to pop a cap in his opponents buttocks.Former President George Bush was rushed to a local hospital after suffering a dangerous heart palpitation. Former first lady Barbara Bush said it occurred while her husband was watching the Grammys.Al Gore is campaigning now to make medical marijuana legal and to also improve medical treatment for the elderly. In order to do this, Al Gore is encouraging the development of the first Craftmatic Adjustable Bong.President Bush was released with his irregular heartbeat under control. The stay is going to cost him thousands and thousands of dollars. It would have been less except when he was President, Bush cut Medicare benefits to the elderly in half.Senator John McCain suffered a major setback in his presidential bid yesterday when he lost the primaries to George W. Bush. Three losses came on the heels of a tactical blunder by McCain who announced his newKathie Lee Gifford."Today is Super Tuesday, the day people who live outside New York and California realize how unimportant they really are.Craig Kilborn : Bill Bradley will be celebrating drunk, locked in a hotel room, Drunk- off-his-ass Wednesday."Hillary Rodham was in New York to lend her support to Al Gore, who immediately left a message on the first ladys answering machine saying not helping.With Dole in 1996 and McCain in 2000, America is sending a clear message toWe dont care.John McCain.suspended his presidential campaign today. McCain blamed his poor showing in the primaries on bad organization and inability to make his message clear, and the fact that no one seemed to want a president who was a nasty, temperamental, moody son of a bitch.After a string of losses on Super Tuesday, John McCain announced hes dropping out of the presidential race and a spokesman for John McCain said, Hey, anybody looking for a good spokesman?Asked if he would consider a spot as vice president on a Bush-McCain ticket, McCain grabbed the microphone, cracked the reporter over the head and kicked him repeatedly.Monica Lewinsky is getting serious now about losing weight. Its being reported that she over the weekend hired a personal trainer. She said she knew it was time to hire a trainer when she discovered she had love handles on her ears.Tonight.(there are) jokes about President Clinton being in Bangladesh that have me asking who this Ladesh is -- and when did the President start banging her?President Clinton visited Bangladesh today. Its the most crowded nation on earth and one of the poorest. On the up side, its far away and we dont live there.On his first stop, Clinton met with a group of children who confessed they get up very early, work hard all day for pennies and have never even met Kathie Lee.One day after hiring a personal trainer, Monica Lewinsky has fired the guy. Monica says it just didnt work out. He wanted her to get up early, run five miles and do sit-ups. She wanted to watch TV, cartoons, and brush her teeth with mayonnaise.Monica said she hired the trainer to help her lose weight , and that her goal was to fit into a size 2 desk.A US judge decided that Elian Gonzalez, the ship wrecked Cuban boy, should be returned to his father in Cuba. Little Elian will be forced to return home on an inner tube.Tonight.jokes about the new Russian President, Vladimir Putin, who won by promising a boiled potato in every cart and an ox cart in every driveway.Overseas, Russians went to the voting booths in droves to elect their next leader, Putin. He won a tight victory, narrowly beating out The Cider House Rules.After the election, Boris Yeltsin graciously stepped down. Then he lost his balance and fell down a flight of stairs.In response to demands by the US for lower gas prices, oil ministers from OPEC met in Vienna. Asked if they were going to help the us out, they said, Well let you know in a day or two, oh great whore, Satan nation of evil.The meetings were held up when no one could agree on pizza toppings.Asked what the US can do if OPEC does not lower gas prices, a spokesman for the US State Department said, Its called the atom bomb. Look into it.In I love my Cuban daddy, but my Cuban daddy doesnt give me toys news, little Elian Gonzalez continues to stay in America despite a court order sending him back to Cuba. The struggle is between the US, Cuba, and Mia Farrow.A deranged man jumped a steel fence at White House and ran straight for President Clinton. Clinton is fine. Out of habit he blurted out, Hey, I never met your wife, man. Back off.When it comes to the Presidential race, (Steve) Forbes endorsement of Bush is expected to have no effect whatsoever.Forbes said he decided to make the endorsement after Bush and his buddies threatened to give him a swirly.Bush said he has already gotten the support of beady-eyed people. Now he can get the bug-eyed vote.Experts believe that Forbes endorsement will practically guarantee our next president is Al Gore.There were more clashes between Palestinians and Israeli troops on the disputed West Bank yesterday. They are hopeful the violence and clashing will finally lead to lots more violence and clashing.One bright spot in all of this -- we dont live in the Middle East.Tonights news is dedicated by the American people to all their peeps in Kuwait whose ass we saved in the Gulf War and.are now socking it to us with high gas prices. America has a special message for Kuwait and all its OPEC buds. Next time youre in trouble, heres a quarter -- call somebody who cares.Yesterday, the big opening day in baseball, and it was kind of exciting. Janet Reno marked the occasion by throwing out the first 6-year- old Cuban.Following the disabling stroke of the Japanese Prime Minister and the resignation of the entire cabinet, the country temporarily is being led by the most powerful figure left in Japan, acting Prime Minister Pikachu.Japans new Prime Minister.has decided to keep the current cabinet, including the Minister of Bowing.and the Secretary of Shame.Mori finished first among several candidates. Finishing last and, no surprise here, Gary Bauer. Sorry, Gary, just not your year.In Miami, hundreds of protesters broke through barricades and joined hands to form a human chain around the home of Elian Gonzalez. Fearing for the boys safety, protesters then formed another human chain around Michael Jackson.Regardless of your stand on little Elian, I think I speak for all Americans when I say were really getting sick of you, kid, Im sorry. There are rumors that Monica Lewinsky may be considering becoming a lesbian. . Apparently Monica was totally turned off to men after she was betrayed by Linda Tripp.Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in Washington today hoping to take his son home. Elians father took time to check out the sights in the US, like people with food and shoes.Elians father was expected to fly to Miami where his son will meet him at the emotional baggage claim.Now that his father is in this country, maybe people will finally start paying attention to this story.Al Gore has begun his search for a vice presidential running mate. He says he is looking for a beloved figure with a high-media profile that people respect. Unfortunately, his first choice is being sent back to Cuba next week.The firestorm of controversy surrounding little Elian Gonzalez continues today as the boys father met with Attorney General Janet Reno. The media spotlight appears to have gone to Juan Gonzalezs head. After the press conference he said he was more popular than Jesus.Whether the Justice Department decides to let Elian stay or go, one thing is certain -- his story will be made into a crappy TV movie.Mental health experts will meet today with Elian Gonzalezs relatives. As the saga drags on, another problemHow the hell can I keep making jokes about Elian Gonzalez?Elian is meeting with psychologists to help get over the trauma he will suffer, specifically that there is no Space Mountain in Cuba.Experts feel that little Elian will be just as important a figure when he returns to Cuba because 6-year-olds are really good at picking plantains.The leaders of North and South Korea will meet in June. The leaders will meet to discuss issues of border security, trade sanctions, and whether a Daewoo is even crappier than a Hyundai.Both nations share much in common, including language, customs, and tasty recipes for poodle.The biggest sticking point in the long standing conflict is who gets custody of Margaret Cho.Rush Limbaugh says he wants to be a sportscaster now for ABCs Monday Night Football. Rush says hes just like everyone else. Hes just a normal average guy whos lowered into his pants one leg at a time.A government plan to reunite Elian Gonzalez with his father was put on hold, because according to his uncle, the boy did not want to go. It should be noted that all the uncle asked Elian this question, You dont want to not go, do you?Monica Lewinsky has been offered a part in a new romantic comedy called Crimes of Fashion, and I believe shes going to be playing the heavy.Earlier today a federal appeals court in Miami issued a temporary restraining order that will keep Elian Gonzalez in the US for at least four more days. Elian himself spoke to reporters, saying, Hey, even I dont give a crap about me anymore.Stocks plummeted today in heavy trading, with the Dow Jones industrial average down a record 616 points. It was so bad, Janet Reno wants to send Alan Greenspan back to Cuba.72 hours after the dramatic pre-dawn raid that reunited Elian Gonzalez with his father, shock waves still being heard. . On the upside of all of this, this story has taken one giant step towards being over. The Justice Department is now leaning toward breaking up Microsoft into three separate companies. The breakup is being blamed on Bill Gates arrogance, a government vendetta, and for some odd reason, Yoko.In a related story, a Federal judge has ruled that they will settle the Elian Gonzalez situation in the same manner by breaking him up into three smaller Cuban children.A 3-year-old mutt was abandoned on the 91 Freeway in Riverside yesterday and was later safely rescued by local police. Officials say the dog will be held for evidence until Friday, at which point Janet Reno will send it back to Cuba.Speaking of Cuba, in the wake of the seizure of young Elian Gonzalez, Cuban leaders urged all merchants in Miami to close their businesses. Also attempting to shut down Miami streets, old ladies in giant Cadillacs.Miami officials are not worried about the strike because, according to immigration records, there are only 12 Cubans in all of Florida.Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat met with Jordans King Abdullah today. They talked long into the night about the fate of the Middle East. At first they agreed, then they agreed to disagree. Then they agreed again, then they arranged for Yasser to move his stuff into the royal palace just to try things out.Four Cuban classmates of Elian Gonzalez have been given permission to come to play with Elian. They will come as soon as Janet Reno arranges for them to be taken from their homes at gun point.The State Department said they will allow the visit as a gesture of good will. Plus, one of them throws a 98 mile per hour fastball.In a related story, a dozen INS agents busted into an L.A. house and seized Mini-me.The Supreme Court held a hearing to determine whether the Boy Scouts acted illegally when they fired a gay scout master. If they lose the lawsuits, they could be forced to change their motto from be prepared, to I will survive.Senator John McCain was in Vietnam today visiting the so- called Hanoi Hilton where he was held captive during the Vietnam War. He suffered terrifying flashbacks of running for president.In Cuba, Fidel Castro spoke angrily about the stalled legal process involving the little boy. Janet Reno says if Castro has a problem he should talk to her man to man.During a Connecticut rally in support of Martin Luther Kings holiday, Jesse Jackson came face to face with KKK members . They did agree on one thing -- send that frigging Cuban kid back to Cuba already.Rudy Giuliani held a press conference to announce that he has a treatable form of prostate cancer. In accordance with his wishes, the prostate will be surgically removed, taken into a dark alley and shotHillary Clinton said she was shocked and saddened by the news and promised to pull the pin out of the ass of her Mayor Giuliani voodoo doll right away.The Justice Department has asked a federal judge to split Microsoft into two competing companies, forbidden to reunite for at least a decade. The companies will be called Simon and Garfunkel.Over the weekend, thousands of gays and lesbians marched in Washington, DC to demand equal rights. Ricky Martin apologized for not being there. Apparently he locked himself in the closet.In honor of the occasion, President Clinton laid a wreath at the tomb of the unknown choreographer.Some people got a little rowdy and at one point, West Side Story almost broke out.From the exciting world of communism, celebrations were held throughout the world today for May Day. Hundreds marched in Red Square and later celebrated with a big feast of boiled flags.The Presidents African-American Secret Service agents have filed a discrimination suit against the government today, and the government says that the black agents just arent working out, because every time someone yells get down, they start dancing.The London and Frankfurt stock exchanges announced today they will merge, creating Europes largest stock market. As of this afternoon, the price of stock in World War Three is through the roof.In response to anti-US protests, US warships have anchored off the island of Vieques. Theyll stop using the island as a military facility if Puerto Rico agrees to take back Ricky Martin.The military is practicing on Vieques in hopes of someday invading neighboring Puerto Rico and rescuing Americas hubcaps."After a long standoff federal agents removed protesters at the Navy training base in Vieques, Puerto Rico. It went smoothly. After the incident, the US renamed the island France.Bill Maher (show taped in an Arizona prison): This show were doing tonight here, this is in lockdown. These are the guys who are bad, in prison. Theyre here for serious, serious crimes. For example, show of hands -- how many of you have sold drugs to Governor Bush?"Despite past differences, former Republican candidate John McCain finally decided to throw his (support) to George W. Bush. McCain went outside and beat a reporter to death with a tire iron.McCain said he had a change of heart after receiving several e-mails from Bush titled ILOVEYOU.A new poll shows that George W. Bush has an imposing 8% lead over Al Gore. Bush has to be careful. With this much of an advantage he is dangerously close to having the government break him up into two smaller, weaker candidates.Paula Jones is supposedly in talks to pose naked in Penthouse magazine. . Its believed Jones will be paid $100,000 to remove all of her clothes, $200,000 to remove all of her face.Giuliani says that due to his problems he is expected to legally separate from his wife. He is also expected to drop out of the race for senator to run for president.If Rudy does drop out of the race for Senate, the Republican party says they have a candidate similar to the New York Mayor just waiting inJoseph Stalin.After a political rival revealed Rudy Giuliani has a mistress, the New York Mayor held a press conference to take questions on his political future. Though Giulianis politics have always divided people, they can all agree onThis chick is slightly hotter than Monica Lewinsky.In Branton, Florida, hundreds have lined up to see what they believe is the image of Jesus Christ on the side of a church. . Later, Janet Reno sent in armed guards to return him to Heaven.Preparations are under way in Washington, D.C. for this weekends Million Mom March. President Clinton said the government cant look the other way when this many people march, especially when they have two million breasts.George W. Bush wants to change Social Security to make sure that senior citizens never have to worry about money in their golden years. Critics say its an obvious attempt to lock up the Aerosmith vote.A whole lot of women marched into Washington, D.C., yesterday to protest guns and gun violence in the Million Mom March, or as President Clinton called it, the St. Bootys Day parade.The Million Mom March coincided with the Million Dad March - - to Blockbusters adult section.Not surprisingly, after about one hour the million moms suddenly changed their minds and began demanding less gun control. Thats chicks for you.Bush unveiled a plan today to privatize Social Security by investing in the market, part of his plan to ensure that every senior citizen in America dies completely broke.George W. Bush yesterday outlined his proposal for modifying the Social Security system by investing in the stock market. . Asked how he plans to do it, Bush said, Hey, look, its Elvis and then ran away.In a move to slow down the red-hot economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hiked interest rates today. He also plans to raise bond rates, print more money, get drunk and slap a few strippers.If the rate hike fails to slow down the economy, Greenspan said hell have no option but to inject the economy with pure Turkish heroin.Unknown child actor Felix has been picked to play Elian Gonzalez in a new movie about the Cuban boy. Playing Janet Reno -- Nick Nolte. Mayor Rudy Giuliani told the press yesterday despite his health and marital woes hes still very much inclined to run for Senate. Experts feel that statement can only mean one thing -- Rudy Giuliani is not going to run for Senate.The New York Democratic Party officially nominated Hillary Clinton to be their candidate for US Senate. . And while her probable opponent Rudy Giuliani has been endorsed by the New York Times, Hillary has received the endorsement of Mrs. Giuliani.This marks the only time a first lady has been nominated for public office, if you dont count Betty Fords tenure as the mayor of Boozlevania.Hillarys supporters came out in droves, including Christie Brinkley. . Christie went on to say she also likes ponies and shiny metal objects.Pope John Paul II celebrated his 80th birthday today. . He announced he has prostate cancer, is divorcing his wife and would run for the Senate in New York.Mayor Rudy Giuliani announced he will not run for United States Senate. Reached for comment, Hillary Clinton said it was a sad day for New York politics but a great day for Hillary Clinton.In a startling 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court has made adult material on cable more accessible to subscribers. Are you thinking what Im thinking? You are if youWay to go, Clarence Thomas!There is an upside to not being a lawyer anymore. Clinton can join the rest of us in hating lawyers.George W. Bush told a group yesterday that, if elected, his administration would establish a new embassy in Jerusalem. Political analysts say Bushs comments would have been better received if he hadnt been pointing to a map of downtown Cleveland.Democrats took in over $25 million at an event which featured stars like Lenny Kravitz and Ronin Williams. That amount would have been lower, but one donor pledged $20 million if Robin Williams would shut up.After eight years in office, Clinton said what historians are now saying is the only sincere thing hes ever said. (Video of) Im just an old gray-haired red neck.Rick Lazio is pressing the flesh all over New York. He even has a catchyMan, am I going to get my ass kicked.The US Mint unveiled its newly designed $5 and $10 dollar bills. . The Mint will gather up billions of the old bills and make them disappear by investing them in the NASDAQ.The worlds biggest airline was formed today after United Airlines bought US Airways for 11.6 billion dollars. . A United spokesman was scheduled to speak about the merger on our show tonight, but his flight was cancelled.Linda Tripp has announced that she is going to speak out and make more public appearances now that the wiretap charges against her have been dropped. .. I say, Hey, a mans gotta do what a mans gotta do.The president of Ukraine announced that the Chernobyl nuclear power plan will be closing on December 12. The plant will then reopen in January as a nuclear power theme restaurant called Planet Radiation.Ukraines president said although the plant is gone, it will forever be remembered in our glowing, radioactive, nine-chambered hearts.Ukrainians are sad to lose the plant as a source of cheap electricity for all the modern appliances they dont have.Linda Tripp has announced that she is going to speak out and make more public appearances now that the wiretap charges against her have been dropped. .. I say, Hey, a mans gotta do what a mans gotta do.The president of Ukraine announced that the Chernobyl nuclear power plan will be closing on December 12. The plant will then reopen in January as a nuclear power theme restaurant called Planet Radiation.Ukraines president said although the plant is gone, it will forever be remembered in our glowing, radioactive, nine-chambered hearts.Ukrainians are sad to lose the plant as a source of cheap electricity for all the modern appliances they dont have.A federal judge today ruled that Microsoft must be split up into two companies. Bill Gates is so depressed he said he feels like a million bucks.Gates plans to call the two companies Judges and Suck.Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson ruled that over the next 10 years, Microsoft should be divided into two separate companies. You know what that means, dont you? Neither do I.Judge Jackson is giving Microsoft four months to come up with their own break-up plan or a very large bribe.Microsoft chairman Bill Gates took the news well, and is expected to spend the rest of his life trying to make his untalented wife into an opera singer before retiring to a secluded mansion and croaking out the word Rosebud.Microsoft employees reacted to the ruling by playing hours of Dungeons and Dragons and getting really buzzed on Mountain Dew.Hillary Clinton delivered a joke-filled monologue to reporters on Saturday. . The highlight of the evening was a joke which began, Ladies dont you hate it when youre beating your husband with a lamp and you get tackled by four Secret Service agents?Hillary.unveiled aVote For Me Or Ill Do More Jokes.The first-ever summit meeting between the leaders of North and South Korea got underway. The leaders said they were committed to ending over 50 years of hostility.you know, if it doesnt get in the way of watching Survivor.The talks are expected to go on until there is a reconciliation, or until Korean officials give up trying to pronounce reconciliation.North Korea hopes that an ease in tensions will attract Western franchises to their nation. Top onSupercuts.After a recent rash of severe brush fires, two computer drives containing nuclear secrets are missing from the Los Alamos laboratory in New Mexico. Security agents at the lab became suspicious when they realized that the entire town of Los Alamos was now only ten miles from Beijing.In this is gonna be good news, according to the latest polls in New York City, senate hopeful, Rick Lazio is in a dead heat with Hillary Clinton. Political analysts attribute Lazios startling success to his youth, his eagerness, and the fact that hes not Hillary Clinton.The meeting of the two Koreas has come to an end. The two Koreas agreed they would say hello around the office, but they wont be going out together for beers after work.The big development is the two Koreas have agreed to reunite for one night only in Central Park.Hilary Clinton laid into opponent Rick Lazio, saying he is a follower, not a leader. Asked for his reaction, Lazio said, I dont know. What do you guys think?According to Newsweek magazine, Hillary Clinton wants to be the first female President of the US. Husband Bill is all for a woman president, saying it will finally give male interns a chance to get groped.A Reform Party staffer has called Pat Buchanan a racist, a sexist and a homophobe. On the upside, Pat has a new campaign slogan.President Clinton is looking for a home in England. . Clinton says he has some unfinished business in England -- inhaling.Elian Gonzalez spent his first full day back in Cuba. His father finally had a chance to relax, take a deep breath, and say, Wait, what the hell did I just do?Elian couldnt wait to get home and see Cubas favorite childrens film -- the Zapruder film.After kicking Elian out of the country the Supreme Court had time to ban homosexual troop leaders from the Boy Scouts. . Not only is this a landmark decision, its the first time gays have been banned from any group that wears handkerchiefs around their necks.Al Gore spent (July 4th) wrapped in the American flag, hugging the statue of Liberty, reciting the Declaration of Independence and eating 400 pounds of American pie.British Prime Minsters Tony Blairs 16-year-old son, Ewan Blair, was arrested on Wednesday night after being found by local police drunk and vomiting in the street. Ill tell you something. Here in America, we would NEVER tolerate the son of one of our leaders if he were some kind of drunk...or drug addict...or was incredibly stupid (picture of George W. Bush shown).Hillary Clinton held a press conference to deny allegations she made an anti-Semitic remark. . John Rocker called Clintons comment the feel good comment of the summer.Hillary added that some of her best accountants are Jewish.The G-8.held their annual summit in Okinawa, Japan today. For those of you not familiar with the G-8, it is where we decide how to screw the Third World for the next 50 years.G-8 members could not agree on how to reduce Third World Debt, but they all agreed that Richard on Survivor is a real bastard.There are rumors that Hillary Clinton has been involved in lesbian affairs. And this proves what Ive been saying all along -- Hillary is a woman.In a recent interview Fidel Castro said that if Jesus were alive today he would be a Communist. Castro added that if Jesus were Cuban hed walk on water to Miami.George W. Bush was upset when he heard the leaders at the G- 8 summit agreed to spend $55 million a year to wipe out illiteracy. Bush said, $55 million to wipe out illiteracy is a waste. What they should be doing is teaching these people how to read.President Clinton conceded failure after the break down of the Middle East summit. There isThis is Kathie Lee Giffords last week on TV.Ehud Barak complained that Yasser Arafat wouldnt compromise on the issue of Jerusalem while Arafat complained that at night Barak didnt like to cuddle.The breakdown of the talks means Clinton will not realize his legacy as a lying philanderer who brought peace to the Middle East.Since George Bush has already chosen his running mate, the attention turns to al Gore, who met with the head of his search committee, Warren Christopher. Although he is a brilliant tactician, Christopher is best remembered a the sad little elf who couldnt say Christmas.Gore is under fire for accepting campaign contributions from Hugh Hefner after publicly criticizing Playboy. . The controversy began when Gore blamed Playboy for making him stiff.The Republican convention got underway today in Philadelphia. I am not going. I refuse to go. If I wanted to be in a room full of dull pasty white guys, Id just go to the Kilborn family reunion.When asked how they felt about the convention, Republicans across the country said, Why the hell is Dennis Miller hosting Monday Night Football?Some factions of the Reform Party are considering dumping Pat Buchanan from their presidential ballot. They are opting for a candidate they feel is more in keeping with their party and will have a better chanceSkippy, the Imaginary Fire-Breathing Dragon.The Republican Convention got underway in Philadelphia. The key note speeches were delivered by Colin Powell and Texas First Lady Laura Bush. Laura Bushs speech was a big hit. She promised that if her husband George was elected, he will improve the nations schools so much that no one like him would ever be taken seriously as a candidate again.With big money on the line, the city of Philadelphia bent over backwards to appease Republican guests. They even changed their nickname to The City of Brotherly Love -- but not in that way.Should George Bush get elected, Colin Powell is considered the top candidate for the cabinet post Secretary of the One Person of Color in the Bush Administration.George W. is reaching out to several African Americans. In fact he says if elected, his Secretary of State will be Grandma Klump.Actor and NRA President Charlton Heston checked himself into an alcohol rehab center earlier this spring. The actor first realized he had a problem when the NRA begged him not to carry a gun.Last night I am watching TV. I am watching Dick Cheney on one channel and Gervase getting kicked off Survivor on the other. If you flip back and forth really fast as I like to do, for just a second there is a black guy at the Republican Convention.The Republican Convention in Philadelphia shifted into high gear last night, featuring speeches by vice presidential nominee Dick Cheney and champion pro wrestler The Rock.. Campaign workers are scrambling to create a catchy slogan for Cheney after their first choice provedDick Cheney Before He Dicks You.Thousands of Indias citizens took to the streets yesterday to protest the policies of their age-old enemy Pakistan. Weighing in on the protests, Gov. George Bush said the Indians have a right to be angry because we took their land away.The Democratic Convention got underway today at the Staples Center. For those of you who get confused between the major political parties, the Democrats are the ones who are going to lose.President Clinton raised $1 million for his presidential library at another fundraiser. This one at the Malibu home of Barbra Streisand. For those of you unfamiliar with Barbra Streisand, she is the latest wife of noted transmission specialist James Brolin.Bill and Hillary said the $1 million will go toward purchasing a pair of tickets to Streisands farewell concert.It hasnt been a good day for Paula Jones. She got a recall notice from Firestone for all four tires on her home.Thursday night at the convention, the stage will be set for the biggest speech of Al Gores life. Also scheduled for Thursday night, Americas best night of sleep ever.According to the Constitution, in the event of a tie during the actual election, the winner will be determined by a three-hole golf playoff and Tiger Woods will be our next president.President Clinton received a birthday surprise over the weekend when an autograph seeker flashed him during his vacation in Lake Placid. The young woman was quickly wrestled to the ground by President Clinton.A big study released today. This is fascinating. See if you canIf you were to lay every woman in America end to end, youd be a Kennedy.President Clinton and wife Hillary cast votes for the first time as New Yorkers yesterday as the first lady was forced into a Democratic primary in her bid for the Senate. After closing the curtain on the booth, President Clinton was overheard muttering, Where the hell do I put the quarters in this thing?When asked who he voted for, President Clinton said, Ixnay on the otevay.This just in, Vice President Al Gore is melting. Yes, scientists believe that Al Gores developed whats known as drema nonfurma, where the patients skin is in a constant state of flux between solid and liquid form. Fortunately, the condition is not life threatening and his advisors think it will make him appear more hardworking.Al Gore raised $1 million in New Jersey last night at a musical gala which featured performances by Michael Bolton and Cher. Imagine how much they could have raised if Michael Bolton and Cher didnt sing.George W. Bush has announced a plan to appropriate $4.9 billion for programs to clean up and repair national parks. He said the first thing on the agenda was to fill in that big hole out in Arizona.From one of the Koreas, for the first time in 50 years workers have begun uniting the railroad between the North and South. Then on to an even tougher challenge, reuniting Pat Buchanan with reality.For those who dont remember, the Korean War ended in 1983 when Hawkeye decided to do Woody Allen movies.The Supreme Court has ruled it is now illegal to yell Firestone on a crowded freeway.Former actor Alec Baldwin says that if George W. Bush is elected he will move out of this country. Now -- if Bush can just get all the Baldwin brothers to take the same pledge, he may have a winning strategy.George W. Bush appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show and apparently started weeping. . I dont think we should criticize him. I once cried on Oprah too. Actually I wasnt on -- I was under Oprah.As we reported, George W. Bush was on Oprah today and while talking about his two children, he began to cry. Who says big girls dont cry?Bush is expected to cry again in November.During his interview, Bush stressed that he was both smart and competent, adding that he must be smart and competent, he spent three years in the eighth grade.He said he will concentrate on the.undecided voters this week. I guess that means hes going to be spending time with his wife and kids.Elton John said if he were an American, he would vote for Al Gore. And Al Gore said if he were gay, he would listen to Elton John.I love saying Peru. Making his first public appearance, President Fujimori electrified a crowd when he climbed up the gate of the government palace. He can face stiff competition next years elections from Spiderman.Due to international pressure on Slobodan Milosevic, Yugoslavia is in the middle of its first democratic race. Experts agree no matter how important this first election may seem, the winner has to drive home in a Yugo and George Bush wont be able to pronounce his name.Inspired by the progress of peace talks between North and South Korean leaders, George W. Bush said maybe we can reunify North and South Dakota.Monica Lewisnky has supposedly been offered $1 million to pose for Playboy. That offer came from Penthouse.Al Gore was on the Choose or Lose program yesterday. He assured young people he would not commit US troops to war unless there was a threat to Nester.Joe Lieberman was in a fist fight with Puff Daddy for using his yarmulke as a Frisbee.Do you remember President Clinton? . He announced this years staggering budget reduction, but is it that staggering? (Video of Clinton): We have been able to cut the debt over the last three years by this figure. $360 in debt reduction over the last three years. Kilborn:  As his term in office winds down, we hope the Clinton legacy will go from a horny bastard to a cheap horny bastard.George W. Bush was at a Los Angeles school this week and visited with a fourth grade class. And Bush reminisced about how fourth grade was the best three years of his life.The first in the series of presidential debates between Al Gore and George W. Bush were held earlier tonight. Though the debates hadnt started by the time we taped this show, George W. Bush lost.Before the Boston-based debate, Gore rehearsed in a quiet place never used at this time of year -- Fenway Park.The first presidential debate between Al Gore and George W. Bush took place yesterday in a gymnasium at the University of Massachusetts, which was filled with 900 people. . Before the Boston-based debate, a reporter asked George W. Bush how he felt about Fenway Park. Bush said, I fully support the president of South Korea.By the way -- election day is not until November 7, so you still have plenty of time to consider the issues and the candidates, and then leave the country.Paula Jones is going to be posing nude in Penthouse. Happy Halloween.George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore had it out earlier in the second of three debates. . And if you watched the Gore-BushWake up, youve fallen asleep.The second of three scheduled presidential debates between Al Gore and George W. Bush took place last night in North Carolina. The clear winner of the debate, the Yankees, 7-1.George W. Bush has received some unlikely support from the niece of Martin Luther King Jr. Its all part of the newAfrican American for Bush. African American, singular.Al Gore is hitting the campaign trail hard, speaking in Michigan, and traveling next to Wisconsin, and on to California. George W. Bush is taking his campaign to France, Canada, and a town he invented called El Guacamole.One of the deciding factors for many swing voters is how the election could shape the future of the Supreme Court. . While Gore says he would appoint progressive liberal judges, George W. Bush says he would appoint Judge Judy and Judge Reinhold.Ralph Nader still refusing to drop out of the presidential race. He says it is not enough for people to vote for the lesser of two evils, they should vote for the lesser of three evils.There is controversy over the double-punched ballots in Florida and election officials became concerned that old people were punching too many holes in the ballots when they heard the people shout bingo.The recount of votes in Florida continues with George W. Bushs lead over Al Gore narrowing to less than 300 votes and now it could end up being handled by the courts. You want to clear this up quick? Throw in a couple thousand lawyers.There are reports that 3,000 senior citizens may have actually voted for Pat Buchanan due to the layout of some ballots. Yes, our next president could be elected by folks who couldnt figure out how to punch holes in cardboard, or as George W. Bush calls them, my people.With more recounts on the way, it seems we could find ourselves with no president at all. A phenomenon historians call Jimmy Carter. The presidential election recount continues with no stone being left unturned. When the votes are counted and certified, one thingYou and I will have been dead for centuries.On the upside, this election is a wonderful civics lesson about how our electoral system works. The bad news is we learned it after the election.Meanwhile George w. Bush suffered a slight picture to his face when an overly eager voter accidentally hole-punched him.If he does make it past the Florida recount, George W. Bush will tackle hissaying the word inaugural.Al Gore has brought in Warren Christopher to fight for his side. Thats too bad. Gore gets an advocate and I lose a garden gnome.Floridas Secretary of State has halted all ballot counting until after some of the legal wranglings have been figured out. The bad news is that could take forever. The good news, some of the lawyers will be dead by then.President Clinton was in Brunei today were he addressed a gathering of third world leaders at the Asian Pacific economic council. He said the election crisis may help both parties to work together, which leads many to conclude he finally inhaled.It is day 10 trillion in the Florida election debacle. I say we give it one more week then we give ourselves back to England.Last night the Florida votes were certified in favor of George W. Bush. And it appears we finally have a president which can only meanwe still dont have a president.In an interview this morning Al Gore said he has a 50-50 chance of winning the presidency. George W. Bush said his odds were better at 70-70.The Supreme Court held the country hostage for an entire day while they deliberated over who will be president. . A court spokesman said the delay is normal when you have the added distraction of two hotties like Sandra Day OConnor and Ruth Bader Ginsberg. Ladies, turn off that sexy!Meanwhile, George W. Bush has become so frustrated with the delay hes threatened to hold his breath until he is proclaimed the winner.President Clinton and his family arrived in Ireland today to partake in continued peace talks and the Fake Marriage Olympics.Hillary later said she was pleased to be in Ireland instead of England where she keeps getting mistaken for Stonehenge.President-elect George W. Bush has begun putting together his cabinet. He named Colin Powell as secretary of state, and Condoleezza Rice as another person to stop Bush from looking like a jack-ass.He wants all the appointments made by January so he can begin the serious work of memorizing their names.Then he met with Alan Greenspan to discuss economics. Greenspan uttered the phrase, Use your spoon, stupid.Greenspan then gave Bush a lesson in economics by taking $500 from him in a game of three-card monte.Russian President Putin arrived in Canada yesterday with his wife. Putin is in Canada to share information about drunken hockey players living in a miserable climate.Democrats are investigating whether George W. Bushs choice for secretary of labor, Linda Chavez, paid an illegal Guatemalan to do her house cleaning. Democrats stuck up for her saying the only American who will do politicians dirty laundry is Ken Starr.With a recession looming every nearer, Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan prepared to cut interest rates to stimulate the flagging economy. I bet thats the only thing he can stimulate, if you know what I mean.As stocks go up, traders will praise Greenspan as a financial god, until stocks plummet and they go back to calling him a four- eyed, monkey hunchback.Our top story tonight, Senator Hillary, the Rod, Clinton defended herself against charges she wrongfully took things from the White House. Hillary Clinton was shown saying, They were considered gifts to us. That is what the permanent records of the White House showed. Kilborn: Whoa, whoa, easy there, Medusa. You may want to think about the gift of makeup.The Clintons say taking the gifts is all part of their plan to change the Presidents legacy from a philanderer to a kleptomaniac.Former Vice President Al Gore presided over his first day of classes at Columbia University today. . Unfortunately the class was short several students who accidentally signed up for a Pat Buchanan lecture.If you thought Al Gore was a dynamic and exciting politician, just wait until he gets in front of that blackboard.In the blind leading the young news, President Bush visited a group of youngsters in Washington DC today in an attempt to promote his new education plan. . Gore is at Columbia. Bush is at an elementary school. . Yeah, yeah, we picked the right guy.There was an awkward moment when a child asked the new President how to spell popular vote.In be careful what you wish for news, Hillary Rodham Clinton spent Sunday meeting with some of her constituents in a Queens church.  . It was a profitable experience for Senator Clinton as she made off with over $30,000 in pews, cash and jewelry.In a related story, Bill Clinton when to confession and hes still there.From the world of Who Wants to be a Pardoned Millionaire. Speculation is running wild that ordinary citizen Bill Clintons New York office space may be inside this building on 125th street in Harlem. Going for some of that uptown booty, Bubba. All right!Commenting on Clintons potential move, local African- American leaders said, There goes the neighborhood.George W. Bush decided to celebrate Valentines Day the way heBy wearing green and going trick-or-treating.In his first foreign trip as President, George W. Bush will meet tomorrow in Mexico with President Vicente Fox. When asked his opinion about NAFTA, he said, I fully support the rights of people to download music for free.In Bush abroad news, President George W. Bush, first foreign trip today with a welcome from his counterpart in Mexico, Vicente Fox.  Neither of them can speak English. Thats so weird.Bush met with the President of Mexico to discuss drugs, trade and, most importantly, getting someone cheap to clean the White House.Political analysts say the meeting went well but could have gone better if Bush didnt couldnt are constantly interrupt Fox by asking him how did he make that little dog talk.Happy birthday to Ted Kennedy. He turned 69. Everybody hid in his house and then Teddy crashed through the wall and yelled, Surprise!Commander in Chief George W. Bush made an appearance at a Missouri youth league hockey game last night. Be careful, Mr. President, that ice looks slipperish.Bush later added it was ironic he was at a hockey game because his new tax bill is a real slam dunk.The FBI has arrested one of their own veteran employees who they believe to be a spy for the Russians. That guy is doing a great job. Russia is really making a come back.If convicted, this man could be the biggest thief on the US government since Bill Clinton.Despite the thievery, US officials want to assure all Americans that our nuclear secrets are still safe in China.British Prime Minister Tony Blair is getting set for his first meeting with George W. Bush. The meeting may be a little tense, because Blair was a big Clinton admirer and has even been called Englands Bill Clinton, whereas Bush is known as Americas Benny Hill.There was a celebration this weekend in Kuwait City to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the liberation of Kuwait. Kuwait was (President George) Bushs most famous victory and it was followed by his mostgetting his ass kicked by a philandering hillbilly.For those of you dont remember, we fought the Gulf War to create lasting peace in the Middle East, dethrone Saddam Hussein and ensure cheap gas prices. Way to go America!President George W. Bush made his first address to a joint session of Congress the other night, and laid out his plans for tax cuts and spending priorities. Bush prepared for the speech by having someone write it for him and then having someone else explain it to him.Opening arguments for the national legalization of medicinal marijuana began today at the US Supreme Court. What do those guys have, chronic back pain? Refer madness?The justices listened to the arguments in silence except for Clarence Thomas, who told a long story.about how with a paper clip you can make a bong out of a milk carton.In a recent interview, George W. Bush said he likes to work out because it clears his mind, and he is now the healthiest man in the world. Barbra Streisand, listen to this, has written a memo to Democratic leaders severely criticizing George W. Bush, but unfortunately nobody got the memo because James Brolin forgot to put toner in the copier.The situation in China is getting more complicated, and Bill Clinton says he really feels for President Bush. Well, sure, when Clinton was President the only problem he had with China was Hillary throwing it at him.In retaliation for the Chinese refusal to return our people, President Bush sent back his Kung Pao scallops for being too spicy. He said we beat them in World War II and we can do it again.The Postmaster General confirmed reports that due to a lack of funds, theyre considering ending their Saturday deliveries. Yeah, you guys are working way too hard.Because of the financial crisis, Congress says that they have agreed to send money to the Postal Service, and it will be there on Saturday.Our top story, love means never having to say youre sorry news. The negotiations continue between the US and China today on the safe return of a crew of the spy plane. Jackie Chan! This thing is getting exciting.Former President Bush showed support for the crew by putting a yellow ribbon around his sons mouth.One prominent Chinese official has proposed returning the hostages for a decent hair piece.Former President Bill Clinton was in India yesterday inspecting the damage caused by a recent earthquake. Ahh, Slick Willy finds another way to get out of the house, doesnt he?Clinton ran into one problem while he was in India, how do you get stains out of a Nehru jacket?Next week President Clinton heads to Albania, Bosnia, and the Sudan as part of his getting jiggy with a woman in every nation on the planet tour.And after that hell return to hell. (A picture of President and Sen. Clinton was shown)This just in -- the Indian government reports that the Taj Mahal is missing all of its furniture. (A picture of former President Clinton was shown)In less power to you news, California Governor Gray Davis is urging citizens to brace for the worst of the power crisis that will most likely hit in the upcoming summer months. Heres an idea. Why cant we get Gray David into the power into the power grid and run the state off his electrifying charisma.The big news, the stalemate with China is in its 10th day and there are reports of a secret deal being worked out where China will return our 24 hostages in exchange for Hefners seven girlfriends.The end of the crisis came after President Bush sent a letter to the Chinese that had so many spelling, grammar and punctuation errors they felt sorry for us.Industry experts fear that the price of gas will continue to shoot up in the summer months, reaching $3 per gallon in some places. .  Gas company officials say they are being forced to raise prices because of the ever-increasing cost of screwing us.The 24 sort-of captured crew members from the downed US spy plane landed safely in Hawaii earlier today signifying the end of their 12- day ordeal. Now that he has successfully negotiated the return of the hostages, George W. Bush can concentrate on his next major objective. (clip of Bush) More than anything else, I want to learn to read.President Bush met with the young men and women from the NCAA champions of the basketball game and yes, thats where you put the ball in the hoop, George.In a related story, Vice President Dick Cheney thought about basketball, experienced palpitations and was rushed to the hospital.Bush admitted did he not see their game, but he had seen the movie Rudy like 12 times so that should count for something.Its business as usual as President Bush is approaching the 100 day mark on his first and only term. Easy chief, pretending to read gives you a headache. Dont forget.Experts feel that Bush is doing a better job than expected as President, but they admitted they expected him to curl up in a corner and suck his thumb all the time.The 100 day mark was such an achievement that he a got a congratulatory letter from Dick Cheney.Senator Joseph Lieberman unveiled the Media Accountability Act, which seeks to criminalize the marketing of R-rated movies to minors. In a related story, Tom Green has been deported.In here we go again news, our wacky Commander in Chief, George W. Bush has announced plans to construct a $200 billion outer space missile defense shield. Sure, what else would you spend the money on, George? Education?Bush also proposed turning the whole world into a big cartoon so it would be fun to watch.Bush already demanded that the government hire a crack team of scientists to help make design the project, Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, and Chewbacca.In Social Insecurity news, President George W. Bush appointed former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan and AOL-Time Warner President Richard Parsons in charge of a new committee that will attempt to reform our nations Social Security system. Good strategery, George.Bush would have been on the committee, but theres something else he has to do first. Bush was shown saying, I want to learn to read.Detractors of the new committee say he hired the AOL-Time Warner president just so he would get the HBO special on dwarves piped into the President.A lot of health news. Doctors for Dick Cheney say if his heart problems progress more seriously, he may have to have his heart removed.  The good news is he can still be a Republican.In Youre all a bunch of cheaters news, George W. Bush hosted a party for the New York Yankees today.While the Yankees were there, Bush congratulated them in advance on next years purchase of the World Series.President Bush invited two T-ball teams to play on the White House lawn. . Many were in attendance, including former Vice President Al Gore, who played left out.The most exciting play of the game was when little Tommy hit a ball down the third base line and Vice President Cheney had heart palpitations and was again rushed to the hospital.The end of the world came closer as Fidel Castro made the first visit to the peaceful country of Iran. Is it possible to overdose on evil?Castro says he went to Iran to learn about their form of government because he never wants to stop growing as a malicious tyrant. Bush sent his regards to the two despots, saying We have much in common, since I wasnt democratically elected either.Bill Clintons enduring popularity was evident when he addressed the global execs at a Hong Kong conference on how to get two girls at a time.At the Miss Universe pageant, Miss China will be disqualified after judges found nude photos of her inspecting our spy plane.Attorney General John Ashcroft announced that Timothy McVeighs execution will be delayed one month, but assured America that the XFL is still canceled.Our top story, in looks like a Bush, sounds like a Clinton news. Florida Governor Jeb Bush adamantly denies rumors that he had a long term affair with a woman on his staff named Cynthia Henderson. Well, at least hes still not banging chads.Bush says the rumors have been started by political enemies who are just jealous that he gets so much tail.In the wake of the allegations against Jeb Bush, another victim has come forward alleging that he too, was screwed by the Florida Governor. (A picture of Al Gore was shown.)President Bush has yet to comment on the alleged extramarital affair, trying not to embarrass his family by pronouncing the word extramarital.Its been reported that Ted Kennedy is splitting up with his wife and will soon be a free man again. Oh, the mummy returns.Apparently, his wife caught him in bed with his best friends buffet.Our top story from the monosyllabic world of the President. President Bush released his long-awaited energy plan in a lengthy speech in Minnesota. Hey, Georgie, turn down the charisma, youre wasting energy.The speech would have been shorter but Bush spent half an hour wrestling with the words nuclear physicist.His plan includes 105 recommendations to help the energy crisis. And California heard 38 of them before the power went out.Reacting to the Presidents energy proposal, Dick Cheney experienced heart palpitations and was rushed to a hospital.Some Republicans are outraged at the proposed switch and have already labeled (Sen.) Jeffords a Benedict Heche.President Bush met with Jeffords Tuesday to try to keep him in the party, which can only mean one thing -- hes officially a Democrat.After the switch, Democrats would have 51 seats, Republicans would have 49 seats, and Senator Ted Kennedy would still need four seats.President George W. Bush is not worried (about Jeffords party switch), pointing out that getting fewer votes has not hurt him before.Reacting to the news, Vice President Cheney experienced heart palpitations and was rushed to the hospital.In honor of his defection, Vermont ice cream maker Ben and Jerrys have come up with a new flavor, Unpredictable Bastard Crunch.Colin Powell is in Africa on a mission in part to smooth trade relations, but in part to brief President Bush before he sees the Lion King.The Bill Clinton world tour continued this week with a stop in Great Britain amid rumors that the former President is looking for a house in Ireland. Erin go braless. That sounds like a party.Clinton is spending all his time in England, where he is affectionately known as Sir Bangs-a-lot.President Bush was in Tampa, Florida, helping to build a new home with the folks at Habitat for Humanity. . When he saw the President working up a sweat, Vice President Dick Cheney experienced heart palpitations and was rushed to the hospital.Bush says working for Habitat for Humanity is to lull poor people into a false sense of security before screwing them.President Bush officially signed into law his tax cut plan after he found a way to pay for the tax cut and save Social Security. His solution, you ask? Cashing in his daughters empties.Our top story, in what have you done with Bill Clinton news, President Bush made good on one of his campaign promises today. No, he didnt have a keg put into his desk, he signed a $1.3 billion tax relief bill. Oh, one more time. Theisman, thats a big break right there!Every American will receive at least $300, or as Bushs daughters refer to it, beer money.Apparently Tony Blair has been voted to serve a second term while the Conservative Party has handled the news well, the cows are still really mad.Hearing about his victory, Vice President Dick Cheney thought about having heart palpitations and realized the news had nothing to do with him, and drank another milk shake.Let me get this straight. In England, you have to win the election to run the country. We should give that a whirl here.Irans elections may seem primitive, unsophisticated and inefficient -- Im sorry. I was thinking about Florida.With the crocodile safely captured, perhaps New York can concentrate on this dangerous weasel right here. (A clip of Sen. Hillary Clinton was shown)Hillary Clinton attended the New York gay pride parade  because she is now a gay Jewish New Yorker.Former President Bill Clinton was on hand and stressed the importance of music to the youngsters. . Then he added if he hadnt been President, I wouldnt have gotten laid so much.For those of you who are curious, Clinton was in Newark, because Hillary wasnt.Vice President Cheney held a press conference today to tell the public that he may have a high tech pacemaker implanted into his body. It will help him deal with a frail and failing organ, George W. Bushs brain.Advisors later explained to Bush that although Cheney was having a mechanical device implanted into his chest, he would not become a scary monster.In the most powerful guy in the world news, President George Bush left the White House to go over an immigration ceremony at New Yorks Ellis Island. . Many of the new citizens said they were glad to live in a democracy where the guy who gets less votes wins.Meanwhile, in uptown in New York City, Al Gore waited in line with several immigrants, trying to sell oranges on the corner of Broadway and 125th Street.Former Vice President Dan Quayle donated over 400 boxes of valuable private papers to the Dan Quayle museum. The museum has divided the papers intoMens and Womens.Former Vice President Dan Quayle delivered over 400 boxes of his personal papers to the Dan Quayle Museum in Alabama yesterday. . His official papers are historic for reasons known only to Quayle.Popular exhibits at the Dan Quayle Museum include the exit, emergency exit and any open window.The museum is in place so that 50 years from now, kids can ask what did this porn shop use to be?Our top story in two figureheads news, George W. Bush arrived in England yesterday and met the Queen for the first time. Keep it in the family, guys.In an awkward moment, Bush bragged that his hometown had a Dairy Queen, a Burger King, and a White Castle.He looked forward to seeing the English channel, because you cant get it here on American TV.The Presidents brief statement to reporters was awkward, however, because Bush insisted that they use a translator in the foreign country.The G-8 meeting took longer than expected because every time someone used the term G-8, Bush would yell out bingo.Bush is scheduled to meet with the Pope tomorrow in Rome where the two men will discuss the possibilities of oil exploration in heaven. New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani held a press conference yesterday where he announced he is separating from his wife. Apparently Rudy has been seeing other women. Asked why, the Mayor said, quote, Hey, I like to get my freak on.Bill Clinton says getting caught cheating helped him achieve a new legal of intimacy with Hillary. Has this guy ever told the truth?