Well, the next presidential election is still two years off, but speculation is already underway. A New York Times poll says that eight out of ten Democrats want Hillary Clinton to run for president in 2016. The same poll also shows that ten out of ten Democrats want Chris Christie to run against her.President Obama has announced that four million people have signed up for Obamacare. Obama said he wants to hit seven million users by the end of March, at which point hell sell it to Facebook for $10 billion.The Arizona state legislature passed a law that made it legal for businesses to deny service to gay customers. And Tucker Carlson told Fox News this week, If I want to bake you a cake for your gay wedding, thats called tolerance. But when you try and force me to bake a cake for your gay wedding, and threaten me with prison if I dont, thats called fascism. I think the more important issue is, who is asking Tucker Carlson to bake all these wedding cakes?This situation in the Ukraine is still a very big story. You know, they overthrew their government. And then their president, Viktor Yanukovych, he went on the run. Hes hanging out somewhere, partying. And there are reports now that Russia has granted protection to Yanukovych. When Edward Snowden heard that, he was like, Top bunk!This is very controversial. Yesterday, a Federal judge overturned the ban on gay marriage in Texas. ? Of course, a lot of people disagreed with this. In fact, one state senator, his names Dan Patrick, got so mad he went on Twitter just to make his case against gay marriage. ? I guess he was so upset that he accidentally tweeted that marriage should be between one man and one man. His name is Dan Patrick. Even his name is one man plus one man. Dan Patrick. You can swap them.President Obama told his supporters that they are doing Gods work by helping promote Obamacare. Then God said, Hey, look, Im flattered. But Obamacare, thats all you, man. ? I dont want anything to do with that mess. I couldnt even log in. I dont know whats happening.There are new developments every day in the Ukraine, every single day. And new reports show that the Crimean vote to join Russia on Sunday did not include an option for no. There were only two boxes on the ballot. One for yes and one for murder my family.Some bad news today for the President. It looks like Obamacare will miss its enrollment target of seven million people by March 31st, as only four million?have signed up so far. Republicans havent been this excited since the invention of khakis.The situation in Crimea continues to develop. Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters today that America wont recognize Crimeas vote to secede from Ukraine. Which makes sense, since most Americans wouldnt recognize Crimea on a map.Well, the Obama Administration announced it is going to require colleges and vocational schools to demonstrate theyre properly preparing students for jobs after college. ... So dont be surprised if your next chemistry class is all about how to make a cappuccino.The situation in Crimea is more tense every day. Yesterday, a Russian state news chief warned the US to stay out of Crimean affairs, saying, We could turn you into radioactive ash. Hes known in Russia as easy-going Boris.The situation in Ukraine continues to develop. Vladimir Putin signed a treaty this morning that formally absorbs Crimea into the Russian Federation. So if you felt bad because you didnt know where Crimea was, dont worry, its gone.Things are heating up, though. Vice President Biden said today that the US is considering sending troops to the Baltic states bordering Russia. According to Biden, the Baltic states are the territories located just past Boardwalk and Park Place.Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said today that the 2014 midterms will be a victory for Republicans thanks to Obamacare. Coincidentally, Reince Priebus sounds like something that might be covered under Obamacare.Well, President Obama released his March Madness bracket this morning, picking Michigan State to win the tournament. In response, Vladimir Putin started moving his troops into Gonzaga.In congressional news, Texas Representative Louie Gohmert used his time on the floor of Congress to defend Sarah Palins 2008 quote about seeing Russia from Alaska. Oh, Louie, shes not going to go out with you, man. You have got to move on. Shes got a first dude.Speaking of Obamacare, The New York Times reported that the Obama Administration spends $17 million a month on advertising for Obamacare. I dont even get out of bed for less than 20 mil, said Flo from Progressive.Kobe Bryant told ESPN that he thinks President Obama could make the Lakers roster this year. I dont know about that. He is a good shooter, but he cant seem to pass anything.This is unfortunate. Delawares basketball coach Monte Ross accidentally ignored a phone call from Vice President Joe Biden Wednesday morning because he doesnt answer the phone on game days. Im totally going to start using that, said President Obama.Rush Limbaugh - this is great news for Rush Limbaugh. Rush Limbaugh is a finalist for author of the year, from the Childrens Book Counsel. Said Limbaugh, It was meant for adults!White House Press Secretary Jay Carney is denying allegations that he rehearses his daily question-and-answer session with the White House press corps. Said Carney, These allegations are absolutely - line?On Sunday, Mitt Romney suggested that he had a power to see into the future and could have stopped Russia from invading Crimea, if he had been elected this 2012. Though if he could really see the future, he wouldnt have run for president in 2012.The Supreme Court this week is trying to decide if companies should have to provide birth control in their health insurance, even if it goes against their religious beliefs. And nobody, let me say that nobody, is more religious than people who dont have birth control.Well, the Obama Administration has given Americans another month to sign up for Obamacare as long as they check a box on the website saying they tried to sign up before the original launch. Its expected to be answered as truthfully as boxes on websites that say, Yes, I am 18.This is ridiculous. Yesterday, three Secret Service agents were sent home and suspended for drinking, after one of them was passed out in the hotel hallway. They should have known he was drunk that night when he said, I love you guys.Today, the UN approved a resolution calling Russias annexation of Crimea illegal. For those of you that dont know what a UN resolution is, its about as powerful as a negative Yelp review.In a survey by the Department of Homeland Security, one out of ten Secret Service agents said they were aware of excessive alcohol consumption by colleagues, while the rest of the agents were too drunk to complete the survey.In a statement this morning, President Obama said he does not think the government should collect citizens private phone records. He then added, At least thats what everyone has been saying in all these private phone calls weve been collecting.The Kremlin announced today that Vladimir Putin and his wife have officially divorced. Shell get the house and the car, and hell get Crimea, Ukraine, Belarus, Pakistan. Hell get all of the other places.Thats right, Vladimir Putins divorce became final today. So ladies, hes officially single. Run! Run! He took Crimea - why dont you think he would take you?Unfortunately, I feel bad that I have to start us off tonight with a little bit of sad news. Im afraid the Kremlin announced yesterday that Vladimir Putin and his wife have officially divorced. Yeah. Over their 30-year marriage, the couple shared two daughters, several homes, and one laugh.On tomorrows Today show, former President George W. Bush will unveil 24 portraits hes painted of world leaders. This is true, and if the Today show likes them, theyll put them up on their refrigerator.The Tourism Minister of Crimea announced that foreign tourists can visit the country this year without a visa. And just when you thought visiting Crimea couldnt get any more enticing - no visas!Today, more than 100 advocates came to Washington to lobby for the legalization of marijuana for medicinal purposes. While another 10,000 marijuana advocates thought it was next Tuesday.France has passed new legislation that makes it illegal?to work after 6:00 p.m. Theyre hoping to encourage workers?to spend more time with their mistresses.This is good news for Hillary Clinton supporters. ? A super PAC urging Hillary Clinton to run for president says it raised $1.7 million in the first three months of the year. Said President Obama, Ill kick in another million if she is willing to start early.Governor Chris Christie criticized marijuana legalization saying its just not the quality of life we want to have here in New Jersey. Because the last thing youd ever want is people walking around New Jersey asking, What is that smell?The Obama Administration announced new guidelines today that would require schools to provide equal education to all children, regardless of their immigration status. So, sorry illegal immigrants, youre getting an American education.For the second time in three days, the White House has gone into lock-down after somebody threw an object over the fence. And finally today, President Obama took away Joe Bidens Frisbee.The situation in Ukraine continues, and now NATO is disputing Russian President Vladimir Putins claims that he withdrew forces from the Ukraine border, while Putin is disputing claims that Ukraines border actually exists. All I see is Russia, baby.During his visit to the White House today, the President of Uruguay lectured President Obama about the dangers of smoking. Then when Obama said, Oh, I quit, Hillary Clinton ran past him into the Oval Office.Seattle native, Sergeant Kyle White, was awarded the medal of honor by President Obama today for running into enemy fire to save his wounded comrades. Meanwhile, I sent back a salad because the croutons were too big.Today, President Obama took his 1,001st flight aboard Air Force One, and they still made him take his shoes off at security.Heres some good news. Vladimir Putin ordered all Russian troops stationed near Ukraine to be pulled back to their home bases. Its the first time Putin has pulled back since that one time someone tried to hug him.The director of the FBI said he may consider relaxing a policy that prevents the agency from hiring anyone who has smoked pot in the last three years. Sounds like somebodys finally tried pot.This morning, President Obama announced a new 600-page proposal to lower carbon emissions and help stop global warming. Step one: stop printing 600-page proposals.Yesterday, French President Francois Hollande announced that he will be having two, two consecutive dinners on Thursday night in order to keep President Obama and Vladimir Putin separate. Its an old trick he learned from having a wife and a mistress.This week, Vladimir Putin told reporters that he thinks Hillary Clinton is weak, and went on say, Maybe weakness is not the worst quality for a woman. Which I guess answers the question, Why is Vladimir Putin single?Some political news right off the bat - some political news. In an interview with Diane Sawyer, Hillary Clinton said that she would make her decision on running for president by the end of the year. Specifically - the year 1998.President Obama surprised tourists by walking through a Starbucks near the White House. Even more surprising, he traded five Taliban members for a grande soy latte.Sarah Palin is using an excerpt from Hillary Clintons new book to claim that Democrats started a war on women. That shocking story again. Sarah Palin read a book.US House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, whos been in Congress for over a decade, will lose his seat after he was beaten out by a tea party challenger. The tea party would be happy, but then they wouldnt be the tea party.The campaign manager who helped unseat House Majority Leader Eric Cantor last night is a 23-year-old man?who interviewed for a job at Panera Bread last month. Said Cantor, Is that position still available? Because I have found myself looking for employment.In an interview this week, Hillary Clinton said she may not run for president because she loves having time to hang out with her friends. Thankfully, most of her friends live in Iowa, New Hampshire, Ohio, Florida and the great state of Pennsylvania.Russian President Vladimir Putin says he has offered the Ukrainian government gas discounts in the spirit of partnership. Although, I dont think it helped that he offered the gas discount by saying, Pull my finger. Pull my finger, or I will take your fingers.Oklahoma Republican Scott Esk wrote on Facebook this week that hes okay with stoning gay people to death. And now hes in deep trouble with Republicans for being anti-gun.Mitt Romney is back in the news. This weekend, Romney told reporters that he thinks Hillary Clintons political career has been a monumental bust. Harsh words from private citizen Mitt Romney.The Smithsonian unveiled a 3D-printed sculpture of President Obama that is detailed enough [that] you see his pores and wrinkles. The sculpture is so realistic that Joe Biden wont leave it alone.Today, North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was seen limping across the stage at a memorial for his late grandfather. Dont worry, hes fine. Its just an old grandfather-murdering injury.Yesterday, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said that President Obama has brought tranquility to the global community. And thats good, Josh. You should always open with a joke.The border crisis continues, and a new poll shows the majority of Americans disapprove of how President Obamas dealing with immigration. Of course, those numbers could change if he lets more people into America.This week Dick Cheney called President Obama the worst president of my lifetime. Come on. Obama may not be perfect, but theres no way hes worse than John Quincy Adams.Yesterday, Iran asked the US for an extension on disabling their nuclear program. When asked how much time they needed, they said, Ten, nine, eight, six, three.In a recent interview, President Obama said Joe Biden would be a superb president. In a related story, Hillary Clinton punched a hole in a door.According to a new study, 41 percent of Republicans still dont think President Obama is an American citizen. I dont agree with them, obviously, but lets be honest, he is pretty thin.Texas Governor Rick Perry today announced plans to send 1,000 National Guard troops to the Mexican border to increase security. Though if you really want to slow down the flow of illegal immigrants, send the TSA.According to a new poll, Vladimir Putins approval rating in Russia is at an all-time high. An all-time high. Which is good news for him, because at one point, it was down to 106 percent.Today, Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to Egypt and had to pass through a metal detector before he could meet with officials, which is ridiculous. Everyone knows hes made of wood.Senator Marco Rubio told reporters Hillary Clinton is out of touch with voters and said that she is a 20th-century candidate. Thats ridiculous. Hillary started campaigning way before the 20th century.Despite the recent unrest in the Middle East, President Obamas approval rating has stayed constant at 42 percent. Wow. He cant even get that to change.Vladimir Putin has signed a new law legalizing gambling in parts of Crimea. Although, if you live in Crimea, lifes already kind of a gamble.The FBI has captured a man accused of sending over 500 letters filled with white powder to President Obama. The FBI said he was a disillusioned, middle-aged man who felt beaten down and powerless at work. And the guy who sent the letters was kind of a mess, too.In a speech today, President Obama criticized Congress for trying to sue him, saying that they need to focus on the economy and should stop just hating all the time. John Boehner responded, Maybe we would stop hating, if youd stop frontin.Today marks the last day before Congress summer recess. Theyre taking five weeks off. Five weeks. I hope they can get used to doing nothing. What are you going to do for the recess? My kids want to go to the water park, but Im going to try and block it.Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg told reporters that despite her age, she does not plan on retiring and is likely to remain on the court for a while. After which, she was immediately traded to the New York Knicks.According to a recent poll, President Obamas approval rating is now at an all-time low, an all-time low. Really bad. Last night, he gave Sasha a ride to a friends house and she asked him to drop her off two blocks away.NATO announced today that Russia has gathered 20,000 troops on their border with Ukraine. But it seems like a lot fewer Russian troops, because they are all stacked inside one another.According to a new poll, New Jersey residents would prefer Hillary Clinton over their own governor, Chris Christie, as a presidential candidate. Although Hillary still came in third behind Bruce Springsteen and Snooki.Well, today Michelle Obama told the US-Africa leaders summit that women are smarter than men. And Im like, Nice try, Michelle. Its women is smarter than men.Bill and Hillary Clinton have rented an $18 million house called The Belle Estates in the Hamptons for the final week of August. Hillary says its just until the new house is ready in 2016.President Obama announced last Thursday night that the US would begin air strikes in Iraq. So in a way, it was the ultimate Throwback Thursday.Yesterday, Fox News medical expert, Dr. Keith Ablow, told viewers that Michelle Obama needs to drop a few. So I think theres a good chance Michelle Obama is going to drop Dr. Keith Ablow.Governor Chris Christie dumped a bucket of ice water on his head as part of an ALS ice bucket challenge fundraiser. Although, hes claiming his advisers dumped it on his head, and he didnt know anything about it.President Obamas approval rating this week reached an all-time low. An all-time low. Apparently, its all the way down to some of the people, some of the time.President Obamas approval rating in California has fallen five percent since June. ... It started to go downhill when California residents found out that Obama contains gluten. So for them, its a non-starter.A new store has opened in Kosovo devoted specifically to pantsuits like those worn by Hillary Clinton. The store is called Forever 61.President Obama has announced a former Google executive will serve as his cabinets new chief technology officer. When the Google exec was asked how he felt about the new job, he gave 79,000 responses.This week, President Obama will announce his plans for addressing the threat posed by ISIS extremists in Iraq. Its an incredibly difficult situation. I think at this point, you just tell Liam Neeson that they have his daughter.Afghanistan is holding elections right now, and Afghan presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah says he will not accept the election results due to voter fraud allegations. Although, if anyone would benefit from people voting twice, its Abdullah Abdullah.Some slightly upsetting news. A Federal investigation has found the Department of Homeland Security is ill prepared?for a potential disease pandemic, and Im not sure I agree. They did a great job of completely wiping out [Bieber] fever.During last nights address, President Obama said that to combat the terrorist group ISIS, he plans to train and arm?moderate Syrian rebels. That way we know exactly who well have to fight in ten years.Yesterday, Hillary Clinton dropped hints to voters in Iowa that shes considering a presidential run. Biggest hint - shes talking to voters in Iowa.This is interesting. President Obama has announced plans to build 17 healthcare facilities in Liberia in response to the Ebola crisis. But?he promises that if you like your Ebola, you can keep your Ebola.In a speech today, President Obama reiterated that the US will not be sending ground troops to fight the militant group ISIS in Iraq. He has a much better idea. Hes going to send suspended NFL players.President Obama today addressed the UN General Assembly and asked young people to focus on education and innovation rather than religious extremism. And if theres one place to reach young people, its the UN General Assembly.During the speech, President Obama said about the militant group ISIS, The only language understood by killers like this is the language of force. So, I guess, talk to them like this, we will.US Attorney General Eric Holder said today that he will resign after five years in office. When he heard about this, President Obama said, Oh! Hes my ride. I got to go with him.Holder was one of just three remaining members from President Obamas original cabinet. Now the only original members left are Don Henley and Glenn Frey.After the most recent wave of bombings in Syria, President Obama said that the US will dismantle the ISIS network of death. The network of death. Or as its known in America, Sprint.More good news - Chelsea Clinton gave birth to a daughter named Charlotte this weekend. Give it up, excellent news. Hillary Clinton was really excited until she remembered that you have to be 18 to vote.Some political news - the US government has announced a deal that will keep American troops in Afghanistan until at least 2024. At least 2024. So, apparently Obama is going to leave the whole mess for President Beyonce to deal with.[Mitt] Romney has fueled speculation that he might run for president again by saying hell see what happens with the race in 2016. Or if he doesnt want to wait that long, he can look at what happened with the race in 2012.So we here at Late Night?have a team of loyal researchers, statisticians and pollsters. All of whom worked hard to bring you a little segment we like to call, This Week in Numbers. All right. Lets get started, everybody. ? Three: the number of US Presidents who have ordered increased military action in Iraq. One: the number of US Presidents who fooled themselves into thinking they could make it through two whole terms without having to order increased military action in Iraq.Eight: the number of hours a person sleeps per day. Fifteen: the number of hours a cat sleeps a day. Twenty-four: the number of hours the Secret Service sleeps per day.Former Secret Service chief, Julia Pearson, reportedly said this summer that the agency needed to be more like Disney World. More like Disney World in its approach to protecting the President. What that means, is that way, intruders could still get into the White House, but they could never remember where they parked.Former CIA director Leon Panetta, he said that it seemed like President Obama has lost his way. Apparently, its gotten so bad that this morning, Obama was seen asking a White House intruder for directions.Today is Vladimir Putins 62nd birthday. When he got his presents, he said, You didnt have to get me anything. I could have just taken it.They held a huge celebration in Russia for Putins birthday. People who attended the celebration called it spectacular and mandatory - two keys to any great birthday party.More bad news for the President. President Obamas latest approval rating is just 43 percent. But not everyone hates him. A lot of people are breaking into the White House just to try and meet him.Mitt Romney is back in the news. Hes back in the news. When asked about a possible 2016 presidential run by Mitt Romney, John McCain said everybody in the Republican Party likes Mitt Romney. And then he slammed his locker and went to gym class.This is pretty cool. Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg was knighted by Queen Elizabeth this week. He was knighted. So from now on, youll refer to him respectfully as Sir Little Boy Soda Stealer.Kim Jong-un has been out of the public eye and North Korean officials say that its because he needs a total of 100 days to recover from his foot ailments. When asked what kind of foot ailments, they said liposuction.This week, President Obama criticized the Republican Party for being a party of billionaires, while speaking at the $26 million Connecticut home of a man named Rich Richmond. Although - to be fair - in Connecticut, a $26 million home is considered the projects.North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, last week...missed a ceremony marking the 69th anniversary of the country. Experts say its especially strange because he knew cake would be there.John McCain said this weekend that there needs to be some sort of czar to deal with the Ebola outbreak. An Ebola czar. So it turns out theres something you can put on your resume thats even worse than sandwich artist.North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un resurfaced yesterday after more than a month out of the public eye. US officials think that the reason no one saw him for so long is that he was starring in an NBC sitcom.Apparently, North Korea released new video of Kim Jong-un walking with a cane. Walking with a cane. Recluse. Loves chocolate. Hes like the Willy Wonka of dictators if you think about it.Today, the Obama Administration announced the 140 people selected from across the country to participate in the fall White House internship program. And unlike the White House, the internship program is very hard to get into.Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney posted an open love letter to his wife Ann on a social media site today. Im not sure hes a great romantic, because the letter starts with, To whom it may concern.Canadian scientists have developed an Ebola vaccine that will be tested on 40 American volunteers. They say theyre confident they can get Americans to try it, because its gluten free.Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said today that he has not yet decided whether he will run for president in 2016. He said he hasnt decided. At which point, Hillary Clinton took her foot off of his neck.North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited an orphanage over the weekend. Well, actually it wasnt an orphanage when he got there.North Korea is banning all tourists in order to prevent Ebola from entering the country. Thats a relief, said Ebola. I dont want to go there.While Mitt Romney was in Nebraska at a campaign rally to support a local Senate candidate this week, the crowd started chanting, Run, Mitt, run. And now nobody can find Mitt Romney.Former President George W. Bush will be going on a promotional tour for his new book 41. Bush says hes excited about the book, and he had a great time coloring it.After being threatened with a lawsuit from the nurse who was quarantined in New Jersey this week, Governor Christie said, Ive been sued lots of times before. Get in line. Then he added, Oh, not this line. This is the line for cronuts. That line. Its over there.Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an article this week coming out as gay and saying that hes tried to maintain a basic level of privacy. After Cook came out as gay, a member of Russian Parliament has called for him to be banned from Russia for life. At which point, everyone in Ukraine came out as gay. North Korea released photos of Kim Jong-un sitting in the cockpit of a fighter jet. Said Kim Jong-un, I was standing!Michael Bay is reportedly in talks to direct a new film about the Benghazi scandal. Said Bay, It will be an honest depiction of the events as they happened. Also, Hillary Clinton will be played by Megan Fox.The midterm elections were held today and so for today only - this is important - for today only, youre a voter and not just a weird old guy hanging around outside a school.Alaska, Oregon and Washington, DC, voted on legalizing marijuana, and if it passes, that means marijuana will be a little harder to get than it is now.Yesterday, Republicans won enough seats to gain a majority in the Senate and increase their majority in the House. For those Democratic candidates who wanted to distance yourselves from Obama, congratulations, you did. You dont ever have to worry about seeing him again.Today, John Boehner warned?President Obama against using executive action to push through immigration reform, saying, When you play with matches, you take the risk of burning yourself. Which begs the question - when did John Boehner turn into a Bond villain?Its been announced that a Union soldier who fought at the battle of Gettysburg in the Civil War will be awarded the Medal of Honor by President Obama, over 151 years after his death. Even better, he finally got an appointment at the VA hospital.Theres a summit of world leaders happening in China right now, and President Obama is facing criticism after he was seen chewing gum while walking to the meeting in China. President Bush would have never done that.New data found that 87 percent of Republican voters in the midterm elections were white. And the other 13 percent were whiter.The Secret Service this week revealed that there have been 40 cases of fence-jumping at the White House in the last five years alone. And if the trend continues, theyre going to take away Joe Bidens Frisbee.The second open-enrollment period for ObamaCare is underway, and its a lot easier than the last time. Now, instead of trying to log on to a confusing website, ObamaCare just shows up in your iTunes. Whether you wanted it or not. Its just there.The Secret Service this week revealed that there have been 40 cases of fence-jumping at the White House in the last five years alone. And if the trend continues, theyre going to take away Joe Bidens Frisbee.According to recent reports, hipsters - hipsters in the Middle East - are being confused for jihadists because of their long beards. This is big news - Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel...will reportedly give in to pressure from the White House to resign. Hagel realized things were over when Obama started responding to his memos with k. Once people start writing back just the solitary k, its over.President Obama was asked this week whether he thinks Hillary Clinton will try to distance herself from him in 2016. And he said, Shes not going to agree with me on everything. Of course, Obama just sent more troops to Afghanistan, so he doesnt even agree with himself on everything.President Obama reportedly invited Billy Joel to share a cigarette with him during a recent White House visit. He said, Hey, man, I really like your early stuff, and Obama said, Thanks.President Obama this week became the first Commander in Chief to write computer code in a bid to encourage computer science lessons across the country. Thats really cool. And Joe Biden - which is also cool - became the first Vice President to write boobs on an upside-down calculator. A couple of firsts.A 6,000-page report detailing the CIAs enhanced interrogation techniques used prior to 2009 was released today. I havent read it, but I do know that good news rarely takes 6,000 pages.Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker wrote a letter this week wishing his constituents a Happy Hanukkah, which is very nice. But he used the term Molotov instead of mazel tov, which is bad. Thats not great. You dont have to be Jewish to know thats not great. But he did make up for it, because he told his Jewish constituents hes going to personally light the Macarena.Big news this week has been the Senates recent report on torture. In response to the Senates recent report on the CIAs enhanced interrogation techniques, former Vice President Dick Cheney said, Id do it again in a minute. Im sorry - I misread that. He said, Im doing it again in a minute. Then he checked his watch and left the room. I gotta go.Cheney attacked critics of the CIAs interrogation techniques, saying, What are we supposed to do? Kiss them on both cheeks and say, Please, please tell us what you know? Though to be fair, getting kissed by Dick Cheney is also banned by the Geneva Convention.Texas Governor Rick Perry said this week that running for president is not an IQ test. It is not an IQ test. He says he knows that because he once took an IQ test and it came back negativeJeb Bush has formally announced that he is exploring a 2016 bid for president. And to increase his chances, hes going to run as just Jeb.A new poll about the 2016 election shows that just 27 percent of voters would be likely to support Chris Christie, and only four percent of chairs.After closing their final session, the outgoing 113th Congress has an approval rating of just 16 percent. Sixteen percent. To give you some perspective, Cosby is at 17.President Obama announced yesterday that hes pardoning 12 convicted felons. ... Political experts are saying the move could have huge implications for your fantasy football teams.Russian President Vladimir Putin said in a press conference today that it was too early to decide if he will run for re-election in 2018. But he says it is not too early to decide how much he wins by.Chris Christie has reportedly scheduled appearances at governors inaugurations in early primary states like Iowa and South Carolina in anticipation of a possible run in 2016. Because any time Chris Christie decides to run, he needs at least a year to warm up.Today, Mia Love was sworn in as the first black female Republican in Congress. A black female Republican in Congress. Heres how rare that is: Congress has 12 unicorns.Jeb Bushs website - he has a website that mentions his fathers presidency, but does not?reference his brother, George W. Bush. Though do not worry. Do not fret. You can still find all the info you want about George W. Bush on the website Terrible Painters of the Southwest.Well, the new Republican Congress is under way and so far this week, President Obama has issued three veto threats - three veto threats in just two days. Meanwhile, Chris Christie has threatened four Vitos, two Charlies and a Doug.A new poll shows that 34 percent of Republicans still believe?President Obama is not an American citizen. Not an American citizen. Though I think theyre only saying that because he is, you know - thin.Mitt Romney is purportedly putting his 2012 election team back together. And somehow, miraculously, none of them were busy with other stuff.Mitt Romney will reportedly address the Republican National Committee on Friday to talk about a possible third presidential run. And its never a good sign when you have to start your speech with, Hear me out. Just hear me out.This weekend an unknown vehicle fired shots at Vice President Joe Bidens house in Delaware. The vehicle sped off before Biden could even load his finger guns and shoot back.Also very exciting, and also a little surprising, new polls show that President Obamas approval rating has climbed nine points since December. Nine points since December. Probably because Mitt Romney is back in the news and people are saying, Oh, right, that was the alternative.Well, I dont have to tell you, last night President Obama gave the State of the Union address. And I gotta say, I just got to say, I dont know what Union he was describing, but I want to live there. I want to move. It sounds outstanding.During the speech last night, President Obama shot down Republicans who cheered when he said he had no more campaigns to run, by saying, I won both of them. ? Let me just say?I hope Obamacare covers burns.More political news. Vice President Biden said this morning that he thinks he can do a good job as president. He thinks that he can do a good job as president. And if that doesnt work out, he would like to be an astronaut or a fireman.Yesterday, Oklahoma Senator James Inhofe said that there is biblical evidence, there is biblical evidence of climate change. He added, My point is we should build a boat, because all the solar panels in the world arent going to help whats coming.An ex-Obama adviser is saying that when Mitt Romney made his concession call to the President after losing the election, he implied that Obama won because of the black vote. Although, I think he only won because of the white candidate.Senator Rand Paul is backtracking from his comments and is claiming that he did not mean to say that vaccinations can cause disorders in children. Apparently, what he meant to say was, I do not want to be president.At todays National Prayer Breakfast, President Obama and the Dalai Lama avoided?a direct meeting. So, uh-oh, sounds like there may be some Obama-Lama drama, and Im not sure if Im ready to go through that again.Yesterday, former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called climate change the issue of our time. Though he was trying to say, These shoes are awfully tight.President Obama and Vice President Biden today met with congressional black leaders, and before they went in Obama told Biden, Remember Joe, just regular handshakes. This morning President Obama asked Congress to formally authorize the use of force against ISIS. Or as Congress put it, You guys, he finally popped the question. He finally asked us to authorize force, you guys. I thought he was going to wait until Valentines Day, but he did it today.Ukraine officials say that while Vladimir Putin was announcing a cease-fire agreement today, over 100 Russian military vehicles and weapons crossed into Ukrainian territory. Said Putin, Its not Ukraine. Its My-kraine.German Chancellor Angela Merkel called the new cease-fire agreement between Ukraine and Russia, A glimmer of hope, no more, no less. Of course, thats the same thing she says about Christmas. This is a glimmer of hope, no more, no less. Open your presents and prepare for December 26.Hey, you guys, today is Presidents Day, said Mitt Romney with a sigh. Not for me. The banks are closed, and its not for me.Next years presidential race, it is already heating up. Last night during a speech, Chris Christie said, Theres only one Chris Christie, and this is it.On that same note, a recent poll shows that New Jersey residents feel Hillary Clinton has the right look to be president, while Chris Christie does not. Then today, he was spotted at JCPenney trying on pantsuits.At the swearing-in of new Defense Secretary Ash Carter, Vice President Biden was seen massaging Carters wife while her husband gave a speech. ? And my question is this: How is this new Defense Secretary going to protect us from ISIS, if he cant even protect his wife from Joe Biden?The 2016 election race is getting underway and this afternoon, Jeb Bush outlined his plan for American foreign policy. Then his brother George colored it in.A new CBS News poll released last week shows Chris Christie is ranked ninth out of all Republican presidential candidates. Ninth out of all presidential candidates. Hes just behind Bobby Jindal and just ahead of a gun wearing a cowboy hat.Hillary Clinton spoke in Silicon Valley and said shes considering a presidential bid in 2016. Its the kind of statement that has everyone asking, Will she or will she?John Boehner yesterday said that President Obamas veto of the Keystone XL pipeline was a national embarrassment. And then, out of habit, Joe Biden said, Here!After vetoing the Keystone XL pipeline bill, President Obama has passed George Washingtons total number of vetoes while in office, which is crazy because Obamas dealing with the same Congress.President Obamas former press secretary, Jay Carney, will reportedly become a senior vice president at Amazon. Carney says hes excited to work for someone who doesnt take six years to deliver.During his speech in Washington, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly referred to Congress as my friends. It was a move that had many in Congress Googling the word friend.Nancy Pelosi said she was near tears during the Prime Ministers speech to Congress, because it insulted Americas intelligence. So please, please, nobody tell Nancy Pelosi about The Bachelor.Potential presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson said last night that prison proves being homosexual is a choice. Because thats what prison is all about - choices.Theres been a lot of talk about politicians and emails this week ? But John McCain said today that he doesnt use email because hes not a calm person, and he wouldnt want to email something hed regret. Also, he cant find the send button on his typewriter.Mitt Romney has signed up to compete in a charity boxing match against former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield. Say what you will about Mitt Romney, but he never gets tired of losing to black guys.In a new interview, President Obama said that young voters should put marijuana legalization at the bottom of their priority list. Young voters say they did, but it ended up back at the top when they rolled up their list.Congressman Aaron Schock has resigned after questions about his use of campaign money to renovate his office to look like a set from Downton Abbey. Although, if he is a real Downton fan, he should have know hed eventually be killed off.Despite early exit polls saying the election was too close to call, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu won a clear victory yesterday and will?serve a fourth term. So, apparently it was a smart move to go after the Jewish vote.Dick Cheney said in a Playboy interview this week that Barack Obama is the worst president of his lifetime. I mean, come on, you cant tell me Obama is worse than Martin Van Buren.Theres been a lot of news about the Secret Service lately. The head of the Secret Service spoke to congress today and lashed out. He lashed out at reports that agents had crashed a vehicle near the White House. But in his defense, he was pretty drunk.Mitt Romney said this week that his biggest campaign mistake in 2012 was not communicating well with minorities. In fact, the only minority he did well with was Romney voters.Senator Ted Cruz has officially announced that he is running for president. Hes officially announced that hes running. But, and this is important, if you see a t-shirt that says Ted Cruz 2016, those are not election shirts. Thats just how old he thinks the earth is.Former President George W. Bush will be in Dallas this week raising money for his brother, Jebs, presidential run. And heres how hes gonna do it. He plans to raise the money by campaigning for Ted Cruz.Ted Cruz said today that, if elected president, hell tell the truth and do what he said hed do. Guys, I know weve been burned 44 times on this, but I have a good feeling about this one. I feel like this is the one. Were due.Because his wife is taking a leave of absence from work, Senator Ted Cruz is being dropped from her health insurance and will have to sign up for Obamacare. Its true. Im not making that up. ? Ted Cruz is signing up for Obamacare. This is like finding out Jenny McCarthy went in for a flu shot.You know, there was a lot of talk last week, a couple weeks ago about Hillary Clinton and her email account. Well the Associated Press says that Jeb Bush used his second secret personal email address during his time as Florida governor, and there is...some pretty embarrassing stuff in there. For example, it was a Hotmail address. Can you trust someone with a Hotmail address to lead this nation?Mayor Rahm Emanuel is reportedly considering renaming one of Chicagos airports after Barack Obama. And hes going to name the baggage area after Joe Biden.You know, there was a lot of talk last week, a couple weeks ago about Hillary Clinton and her email account. Well the Associated Press says that Jeb Bush used his second secret personal email address during his time as Florida governor, and there is...some pretty embarrassing stuff in there. For example, it was a Hotmail address. Can you trust someone with a Hotmail address to lead this nation?Mayor Rahm Emanuel is reportedly considering renaming one of Chicagos airports after Barack Obama. And hes going to name the baggage area after Joe Biden.During a speech on Friday, Senator Ted Cruz said that if you walk up to someone and say, Joe Biden, the person will crack up laughing. Which is the same reaction you get if you say, President Ted Cruz.Congress has officially started their two-week spring recess. So, in a couple weeks theyll be rested, relaxed and ready to suck.Theres been a lot of talk about gay rights and gay issues this week, and Senator Rand Paul told Buzzfeed this week, I dont think Ive ever used the phrase gay rights. So, it sounds like hes also never going to use the phrase, Im president.President Obama has announced new plans to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent. That plan, just so you know what that means, the plan would make it illegal to film any more Fast and the Furious movies.Now, real quick, youve all heard the news about the Indiana religious freedom law, yes? A lot of people think the law is anti-gay. Well, presidential hopefuls Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, and Scott Walker have all come out in favor of the new law. Wait - oh, I guess I shouldnt say come out.New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez said this week that despite being charged with corruption, hes not going anywhere. Usually when someone in New Jersey says that, its because the bridge is shut down.According to The New York Times, Jeb Bush identified himself as Hispanic on his 2009 voter registration form. While Hillary Clinton identified herself as President.President Obama said that todays Easter Egg Roll is always one of our favorite events, and then Republicans accused him of not supporting Israel.Rand Paul announced hes running for president today. And bloggers have pointed out that his campaign symbol, a small flame, looks nearly identical to the logo for the dating app Tinder, which is appropriate, because in either case you have no idea what youre getting into, and it probably wont work out.Hillary Clinton is expected to launch her 2016 campaign sometime in the next two weeks. So remember, you guys, act surprised.Rand Paul, yesterday, released a comic book - he released a comic book detailing his campaign initiatives. He wants to lower taxes. He wants to abolish the IRS. And get me Spider Man!President Obama invited the Washington Wizards to the White House this week for a basketball shootaround, which is very different from the kind of shootarounds Dick Cheney used to host.A new poll in Cuba shows that President Obama is more popular than Fidel Castro. Then again, so is putting your whole family on a raft in the middle of the night.The White House is now letting employees use restrooms consistent with their gender identities. So, for instance, the President uses the mens room. The First Lady, she would use the ladies room. And Joe Biden uses the childs urinal and pretends hes a giant.Chris Christie today appeared on a talk show called Pasta and Politics. ? It went so well that hes agreed to go on Meet the Garlic Press.An intruder was arrested at the White House last night after trying to jump the fence. Authorities arent releasing the fence jumpers identity, but they did say that she tore her pantsuit.CNN said today that President Obamas approval rating is shifting back towards positive numbers. CNN also said, Hey, can you show us how to do that?Joe Biden took selfies with students at the University Of Illinois today. But, eventually the students had to say, All right, thats enough. Weve got to get to class.Florida Governor Rick Scott?turned down an invitation to greet President Obama on the tarmac yesterday before his Earth Day speech. But, in his defense, Earth isnt Rick Scotts home planet.Republican contender Marco Rubio is reportedly reaching out to gay Republicans. When they heard this, gay Republicans said, What? Im not gay.We used to hear from him all the time, but this weekend, former President George W. Bush said he is reluctant to talk about the upcoming election out of fear that he would be unhelpful to his brother, Jeb. And Jeb Bush said, What? I dont have a brother. George? I have a dad named George.Hillary Clinton has temporarily changed her campaign logo to rainbow colors in support of marriage equality. Its lovely. Of course, her idea of marriage equality is both of you should get to be president.Finally, this is true. It was such a nice day today that President Obama left the White House and went for a walk around the neighborhood. Even more amazing, this is the first the Secret Service is hearing about it.Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced plans to build the Barack Obama College Preparatory High School, which will open in 2017. The Obama school is expected to be very popular at first. And then, who knows?Ukraines acting president announced today that the government has lost control, after several more government buildings were taken over by pro-Russia forces. Another sign that theyve lost control? The phrase acting president.This week, Glenn Beck told listeners, if Hillary Clinton is elected, she will be having sex with a woman on the White House desk. Well, shes got my vote, said Bill Clinton.Some international news. Yesterday, the Japanese government refused entry to 23 Russians in cooperation with the sanctions imposed by the US. Well, they refused entry to one Russian, but 22 smaller ones were stacked inside him.The royal court of Saudi Arabia has launched a website that will accept complaints against the government and send them directly to the king. You can even submit a second complaint, if you want, using your remaining hand.President Obama is expected to meet with Vladimir Putin this Friday at a celebration for the 70th anniversary of D-Day. Thats right. Obama is celebrating D-Day by meeting with the worlds biggest D.