Democratic candidate Tom Vilsack pulled out of the presidential race today. I dont know who he is, either, but hes out.An embarrassing moment for the Israeli minister of defense yesterday. He was inspecting troops with his army chief of staff and failed to remove the lens caps from his binoculars. President Bush immediately hired him to oversee intelligence operations...in Baghdad.I heard that Al Gore -- this is only a rumor. I heard he got crazy at the Vanity Fair party. Im told he left the light on in the bathroom. Mr. Environment, my ass.President Bush, our president, was in Mexico. He had a press conference with the Mexican president. Wouldnt it be funny if he wouldnt be able to get back across the border?Today is the first day of spring. Spring officially began at 8:07 Eastern time. ... Didnt Al Gore say we were all going to die by spring?Al Gore spoke on Capitol Hill today, to urge lawmakers to do more to fight global warming. He said were facing a planetary emergency. You can tell hes serious when he talks about the world ending because he appears to be eating everything in sight. Hes very fat right now, like a man who doesnt care.Last night, in Washington, DC...they had the Radio and Television Correspondents dinner. ... The star of the night was Republican strategist and presidential adviser, Karl Rove. He put on a spectacular performance. There are very few things you can count on in life. But one of them is that when middle-aged white guys decide itll be funny if we write and perform a rap song for everyone, it never, ever, is.Were still at war, right? MC Rove. We got Bush making jokes, Rove is rapping, Condoleezza Rice is in a thong singing The Milkshake Song.The whole neighborhood almost burned today. If not for our Governors ice cold Mr. Freeze breath, we would all be barbecued right now.Hillary Clinton is running for president. I dont know if youre aware of this. But she set a fundraiser record. Shes already raised $26 million. Thats a lot of money. Its more than anybody. To put that in perspective, thats more money than President Bush lost in all the years he was a businessman.Another prominent Republican is taking some heat today. Presidential candidate Mitt Romney, in an effort to, I guess, to woo conservative voters, hes been telling people hes a lifelong hunter. But it turns out, the truth is, he went hunting once when he was 15 years old. And once last year. So by lifelong, he means he went twice.And I think its important to add that both of the times he did go hunting, he shot an old man in the face.In Washington, DC this morning, the First Lady hosted the White Houses annual Easter Egg Roll. President Bush had a lot of fun. He found three eggs, which is a new record for him.Sanjaya -- this kid, Sanjaya sang in Spanish tonight on American Idol and I guess its part of President Bushs plan to drive out the illegal aliens.Remember -- remember the lady astronaut who drove cross-country in the diaper and tried to kidnap another woman? ... Well, her name is Lisa Nowak. Florida prosecutors just released documents listing the items that police found in her trunk when she was on this trip. Besides the diapers, they found bondage photos and drawings, British currency, unidentified pills, a wig, a rubber mallet, a B.B. gun, a knife, a rubber hose and 11 fortune cookie fortunes. Its for real. By the way, thats what they should put in the Oscar gift basket next year. Those exact items.Radio legend, Don Imus, fired today by CBS Radio for his racist depiction of the Rutgers womens basketball team. A huge story. On every news channel. All the papers. Ill tell you, if theres any good that came of this, its who knew wed ever talk this much about womens basketball? You know?Imus has been taking it from all sides. A lot of famous people, a lot of media personalities, really taking notice of this. I even read that Santa Claus has announced hes changing his trademark laugh to ha, ha, ha.Snoop Dogg yesterday pled no contest to attempting to bring a gun and marijuana onto an airplane last year. I dont know what his argument for the gun was, but Snoop claimed he uses the marijuana to treat migraines. Apparently not smoking pot gives him a headache, so he needs...It was a hell of a week for Don Imus. After being fired from his TV and radio shows, he had a face-to-face meeting with the Rutgers womens basketball team last night. The meeting went on for three hours and afterwards, the team forgave him. Thats nice. If this was a sitcom, he would be sentenced to be their equipment manager, right? And eventually they would win his heart. There was a strange twist to this Imus story. The governor of New Jersey, John Corzine, was seriously injured on a car accident on his way to Imus meeting with the team. Hes in critical but stable condition. And it is wild. What a week for New Jersey. Their basketball team gets insulted, their governor is in intensive care, theres a brutal snowstorm on the way, and Tony Soprano got his ass kicked in a Monopoly squabble. Right? Thats why we have a robot governor. He cannot be destroyed.Our nations Vice President Dick Cheney had yet another scare today. A bird flew into the engine of his plane as it arrived in Chicago. Which means Dick Cheney finally killed a bird. Congratulations. You can lay off the old men.Chicago is still in the running to potentially host the Summer Olympics in 2016. LA was eliminated from consideration this weekend, which really is a shame. I was, you know, looking forward to a 16-hour commute to work every day.Sunday, by the way, in case you dont know, is Earth Day. Earth Day is the day we reflect on how we are destroying the planet. And then we stop reflecting and we fire up the jet skis and go right back to destroying it.Sanjaya has quite a weekend ahead of him. Hes going to the White House Correspondents Dinner over the on Saturday night, which means theres a really good chance he will meet President Bush. And its crazy to think that a guy who did not get the most votes, whos not good at what he does, is famous despite the fact that hes consistently horrible, would get the chance to go to the White House and meet Sanjaya.By the way, in case you are going to the correspondents dinner, dont tell but President Bush think Sanjaya is the prime minister of India.World-class entertainers gathered for a good cause, the annual White House Press Corps Correspondents Dinner. Last year, Stephen Colbert was the headliner. He may have been too funny for their liking. This year, they went for a slightly safer choice. They exhumed Rich Little to be the emcee.Finally, now, when we finally need Dick Cheney to shoot an old man, hes nowhere to be found.Sheryl Crow was at this dinner. I guess she was there to raise awareness about global warming. She has an interesting plan. She is encouraging people to only use one square of toilet paper when they go to the bathroom. So, in other words, dont ever shake Sheryl Crows hand.This explains why Lance Armstrong never let her sit on his bicycle seat.Big news, bigger than the war, Rosie ODonnell announced her reign of terror is over at The View.Our Governator, Arnold Schwarzenegger, was on Pimp My Ride this weekend, where the shows crew eco-pimped a 1965 Chevy Impala. Kimmel showed footage of the Governor being told the interior of the car was made from hemp, to which he jokingly replied, I signed a bill to outlaw hemp. How can do you this to me? ... Because the next thing you know, they rip off material from the seat, and they smoke it and you cant have them do that.Our governor wasnt the only one looking silly for a good cause. Today, President Bush commemorated Malaria Awareness Day at the White House today by dancing. Kimmel showed the President dancing, adding, That the malaria dance right there. What better way to -- I hate to say it, but I think somebody is drinking again.The first debate last night between the eight Democratic presidential candidates. And tonight, your votes were tabulated. And Dennis Kucinich, you are going home. He has been voted off. Thats right. If only it worked like that.Welcome to Los Angeles, named today by the American Lung Association, the number one most-polluted city in the United States. Thank you.I think its an honor just to be nominated, really.But wed like to thank God, our agent, and every one of Frankie Munizs 27 cars for this.L.A. was named most polluted. ... I dont think of us as the most polluted cities in the United States. I think of us as one of the least polluted cities in Mexico.After not sending anyone home last week, American Idol gave a heave and a ho to two karaoke singers tonight. President Bush taped a message for the show last night. He opposes the plan to pull two contestants out. He says it could cause chaos to the region and prefers sending more contestants in. They didnt listen to him.The first debate between Republican candidates for president was last night. Not far from here. Ten candidates debated. The Republican Party has had a difficult time because not too many people like President Bush. His approval rating is down in the 30s. Not percent, by the way, but people. Plus or minus two.There was a lot of talk about not just Iraq, but Iran last night. Their crazy president, he always wears the Members Only jacket. He was on TV...this morning, I think. He threatened to break the leg of any nation that attacks him. I have to be honest, it doesnt sound so terrible. You break a leg, you get a cast, maybe it itches a little, everybody signs it and its fine.Paris Hilton, who was sentenced to 45 days in jail for driving with a suspended, is starting an online petition asking Governor Schwarzenegger to pardon her. Assuming the petition doesnt work, and I think thats a safe assumption, Paris will arrive in jail on June 5th. In case that happens, were also circulating a petition. Were asking Governor Schwarzenegger to declare June 5th Paris Hilton Is Going To Jail Day.There was a big hub-bub in Great Britain because President Bush winked at the Queen. Im sure thats the first time the Queen has been winged at. As you can see here, she absolutely loved it. In the old days, thats the look queens gave you before you were beheaded.All over the country, theres been crazy stuff going on. In the last 48 hours, there have been wildfires, floods, tornados; an earthquake. Its nuts. And I cant help but believe that this is God punishing us for imprisoning Paris Hilton.There were record-high temperatures yesterday and I blame Al Gore. Im telling you, until he invented this global warming, none of this stuff happened.Were little more than a year and a half away from the series finale of the Bush Administration. On Saturday, former President Jimmy Carter told an Arkansas newspaper that he thinks this Administration is the worst in history. Today, though he said the comments were misinterpreted. He said he wasnt making a direct attack on President Bush. It was just one of many things on his annual Worst list. ... You can see, right here -- Worst Animal: Wombat; Worst Sequel: Grease 2; Worst Chow Mein: Dynasty Restaurant, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Worst Country: Mozambique; Worst Cat: Mexican Hairless; Worst Kool Aid Flavor: Lime. ... Worst Sportscaster: Bryant Gumbel; Worst Place To Be Punched: The Neck; and Worst President: Bush.The third Republican presidential primary debate was in New Hampshire tonight, and there are ten Republican candidates. So far, all of them were, I guess, are debating and participating in this. There are now, I think, more Republican candidates than there are Republican voters remaining.We had a space shuttle launch today, and Paris [Hilton] was the number one news story. I think the Animal Planet broke in.In political news, director Steven Spielberg has announced that he will endorse Hillary Clinton for president. He says he likes Hillary because she combines the warmth of the raptors in Jurassic Park, with the charisma of the mashed potato tower in Close encounters.Youd think he would endorse Dennis Kucinich after giving him the lead roll in E.T., but no.Another presidential debate last night, one of 90 scheduled before the election.President Bush held a press conference yesterday to discuss the latest report out of Iraq. He says theres plenty of reason for optimism. Although Im starting to feel he doesnt know what that word means.Anyway, the Presidents approval rating keeps getting lower and lower. Look at this now. Right now, you can see President Bush is ranked somewhere between former President Richard Nixon and the hunter who shot Bambi.And by tomorrow, at this rate, he is expected to rank between John Mark Karr and Chinese toothpaste.Hopeless, Democratic presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich was hospitalized for food poisoning on Sunday night. Hes fine now. He was released from the Cleveland Childrens Hospital yesterday.Hes back home resting comfortably in a hollow tree.I dont know. I guess he ate out of the wrong bird feeder. The guys a vegan.This weekend, President Bush was unconscious, even more so than usual.He was having five polyps removed. Initially, he didnt want them removed. He said they were doing a heck of a job.Doctors removed the polyps successfully. They found an impacted Scooter in the Presidents Libby.I would like to congratulate Larry King. A lot of the younger guys on CNN, they get a lot of credit for going in dangerous places. They put themselves in the line of fire to get a story, but Larry King interviewed Vice President Dick Cheney, a guy with a record of shooting old men in the face.But Larry did not fear. He sat right down without a flak jacket, without a pane of bullet-proof glass between them, and he did the interview. Larry may not have been frightened. But I, for one, at home, was frightened for him.Meanwhile, as the Darth Cheney era grinds to an end, theres a new batch...hoping to replace him in the White House. One of them is Hillary Clinton, who is upset right now with a columnist from The Washington Post fashion section. The columnist pointed out that Hillary showed a little cleavage during a speech that she made on the Senate floor a couple of weeks ago. ... Who would have thought that a controversy about Clinton and cleavage would be about Hillary?Earlier this year, there was a story about Keith Richards from the Rolling Stones. He claimed he once snorted a mixture of cocaine and his dead fathers ashes. That was the story, but he denied it. Now though, hes saying he did snort his dad. He cleared it up. He said there was some confusion. He explained he did not mix him with cocaine. He only snorted his dad. So, I guess we owe him an apology or something.It was another beautiful day here in Los Angeles. I almost feel guilty saying it because the weather is so miserable on the East Coast. ... It was 110-degree heat, floods in New York and New Jersey, they think a tornado may have hit Brooklyn. It is like Christmas morning for Al Gore.It was a very, very big night for the very, very big-headed Barry Bonds last night, who now has the all-time record for career home runs. ... No surprise. There was a big skirmish in the bleachers for the ball. Collectors say its worth somewhere between $300,000 and $500,000, which is a lot less than other baseballs. Some baseballs have fetched millions of dollars. I guess taking steroids really does shrink the value of your balls.A lot of people were wondering whether President Bush would acknowledge the record. He did. In fact, he told Neil Cavuto of Fox News today that he spoke to Barry Bonds on the phone. ... He probably wanted to take the rare opportunity to talk to someone whose approval rating is lower than his is.All of Boise, Idaho, is abuzz with the story of Larry Craig. Hes a...conservative senator for Idaho. He pled guilty to playing footsie in the mens room of the Minneapolis airport. Now, he says he made a mistake and he shouldnt have pled guilty. The police were staking the bathroom out because it had become like a gay sex cubby hole. Its very interesting. The police said he tapped his foot, which means, I want gay sex. It also means Ill never wear my iPod in the bathroom again.And then, he touched feet with the police officer. And he put his hand under the stall. ... And the funny thing, and this is true, he claims that the reason he touched the guys foot, is he has a wide stance when he goes to the bathroom. He gets down like a sumo wrestler or something.The whole thing, honestly, it makes your head spin. I had no idea there was so many customs involved in soliciting a man in the bathroom.Needless to say, this senator is...anti-gay marriage, hes anti-gays in the military. I think that shows he doesnt let his personal needs interfere with his work.The crazy thing is, with all the video cameras and the internet, and the gossip websites, youd think these guys would be smarter about what they do and say. And this is from 1999. This is Larry Craig, that same guy, talking about President Clinton and his well-known liaison with Monica Lewinsky. Sen. Craig (from the January 24, 1999 edition of NBCs Meet the Press): The Senate certainly can bring about a censure resolution. And its a slap on the wrist. Its a, Bad boy, Bill Clinton. Youre a naughty boy. The American people already know that Bill Clinton is a bad boy, a naughty boy. Im going to speak out for the citizens of my state, who in the majority think that Bill Clinton is probably even a nasty, bad, naughty boy. Kimmel: Let me just say something -- that is the gayest thing Ive ever heard anyone say.President Bush was in New Orleans today to commemorate the two-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Hes trying to repair his image there, but Im worried he still doesnt get it. On the way from the airport, he rolls down the window of his limousine, starts throwing beads at women.The President met with...New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin. Here he is, grabbing the mayors head. They say if you grab a Mayors head and make a wish, it will come true.But...Bush did promise the people of New Orleans that better days are ahead, primarily because he only has one more year left in office. So, hang in there.The latest, and I think the best Republican sex scandal yet, continues to unfold today. As you probably heard, Idaho Senator Larry Craig pled guilty to a misdemeanor after he got caught in a police sting operation in the mens room at a Minneapolis airport. Today, they released an audiotape they made after the arrest. ... The terror alert level in our nations airport bathrooms has been raised to lavender.Its been one full year since Katie Couric took over the CBS Evening News. And to celebrate, CBS is sending her to Iraq.Shes going to report for two nights from Baghdad and two nights from Syria. I guess that should give CBS enough time to move the studio some place she cannot find it.Labor Day is the day set aside to honor the hardworking American labor force that now resides mostly in China and India.Today was the last day at the White House for the man known as President Bushs brain, Karl Rove, so President Bush now is officially brainless.Also today his press secretary, Tony Snow, this is the guy that speaks to the media, announced hell be stepping down too at the White House. Theres more turnover than at The View nowadays.Thanks for your applause. In fact, any hand movement at all helps cool things off in here. It has been so hot. ... This morning, Governor Schwarzenegger announced an emergency, statewide wet t-shirt contest.Other parts of the country may be able to handle this. I know they laugh at us in Phoenix and Las Vegas. But this is L.A. Many of us are made primarily of plastic. We cannot take it.Despite the fact that he announced his resignation on Saturday, Sen. Larry Craigs spokesman now says he may not resign. ... Hes guilty. Hes not guilty. Hes resigning. Hes not resigning. Hes gay. Hes straight. Can this guy make up his mind already?Even though hes pled guilty to the charges, hes hiring lawyers to work on reversing his plea from guilty to not guilty. And hes not stopping there. Hes also suing himself for defamation of character.President Bush had a big day of dumbness yesterday. He was in Sydney, Australia, for the APEC summit. Thats a gathering of 21 countries that are responsible for half the worlds trade. And he started off saying he was happy to be at the OPEC summit, which is...an entirely different thing. Then he called Australians Austrians, which they are not. And then, at the end of the speech, he went the wrong way and almost fell off the stage. Somebody had to grab him. So it was really a banner day for the President. With Karl Rove gone, the President is like a slightly inbred golden retriever that slipped off its leash.I turned on the MTV Video Music Awards, and there was a battle offstage between Pamela Andersons ex-husbands. Kid Rock punched Tommy Lee in the jaw. ... Apparently, Tommy was saying that U.S. troop presence in Iraq should be maintained until the security situation is stabilized to the point where meaningful political progress...is possible. But Kid Rock felt that political reconciliation between the warring Sunni, Shiite and Kurdish leaders is impossible because of the deep-rooted religious animosity.Intelligence officials believe that video of Osama bin Laden that came out last week is authentic. This is his first new tape in almost three years. I guess he wanted to time his comeback to coincide with Britney Spears.President Bush addressed the nation tonight. ... They say it was a crucial speech, one that could determine the future of the war. And aides say the President went through at least 20 drafts of this speech before he delivered it. And still, he has no idea what it means.Actor/Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning teens here in California from using their cell phones while driving yesterday. He loves it when he has something to say hasta la vista to. Now, its teens on cell phones.I guess kids are text messaging while theyre driving, which is dangerous. Its a tough bill, though. For the first offense, if they catch you, $20 fine, but if you do it again, $50 fine. And if you do it again, its a $50 fine again. And then, if you do it again, its $50. You could do it 1,000 times, and its $50.Last night in Iowa, five of the six top presidential candidates participated in a debate sponsored by the AARP. Barack Obama skipped it. He said he doesnt like the way old people smell.The president of Iran is in the United States. ... This guy is nuts. He denies the Holocaust happened. He says his country has no homosexuals. And hes looked very hard for them. Hes even placed personal ads.Hey, maybe, if there were homosexuals in Iran, he would be better dressed.President Bush had a...good one yesterday. He was at a school in New York...talking about his commitment to education. President Bush: As yesterdays positive report card shows, childrens do learn when standards are high and the results are measured. Kimmel: Thats right. The childrens do ? its part of the No Childs Left Behind Program.Im starting to think he does these things on purpose.There was a debate between the Republican candidates for president in Baltimore tonight. The debate focused on minority issues and it was at Morgan State University, which is a black college. ... None of the top four Republican candidates were there. Giuliani, McCain, Romney and Thompson, not one of them showed up. Apparently, they all had scheduling conflicts that prevented them are going to place where no one will vote for them.Believe it or not, there was another presidential debate yesterday and it was a Republican debate held in Dearborn, Michigan. It was Law & Order star Fred Thompsons first presidential debate. The addition of Fred Thompson has given them exactly what they needed -- another old white guy.The Dalai Lama is here in the United States this week. This morning, he was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his contributions to peace, non-violence, human rights and religious understanding. Unfortunately, just a few short hours after the ceremony, the Lama was stripped of his medal after testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs.Yesterday, the Dalai Lama had a private meeting with President Bush. You know, the last Dolly the President greeted at the White House met was Parton. So this was different for him.Believe it or not, they have a lot in common, because one of the goals of Zen Buddhism is to completely empty your mind. And, you know, the President did that years ago.I filled in for...Regis Philbin this morning in New York. But theyre not showing it here in L.A., because theyre covering the fires. I guess thats more important than me hosting two talk shows in a day.The good news is I know the fires will be out by tomorrow morning because today, President Bush authorized FEMA to help out, and...I hear theyre the best.What a mess here with these wildfires. ... Today, Rodney King asked Mother Nature if we could all just get along. She said no.President Bush is in a tough spot, because on one hand he wants to be sympathetic to all the people who have lost their homes, but on the other, he doesnt want to appear to be more sympathetic to the wealthy, mostly white people who live in Malibu than he was to the people who lived in New Orleans. So tomorrow hes making an official visit to LL Cool Js house.The big story this week is the terrible wildfires here in California. ... President Bush arrived in San Diego, where he met with Governor Schwarzenegger. Our fate is in the hands of the only two American politicians who dont speak English.And once again, the President committed another faux pas. He showed up with two dozen Hershey bars and a big bag of marshmallows.Our governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, is getting a lot of attention these days. The British edition of GQ reported yesterday that the Governator said that marijuana is not a drug, its a leaf. Of course, his spokesman said the Governor was joking when he made the statement and also he was probably high.There was another -- I think, the 75th debate tonight. The Democrats got together in Philadelphia, at Drexler University. There was a lot of anticipation going in because Barack Obama, whos a distant second, promised to go after Hillary Clinton. He started the debate in a strange way. He punched her in the face.The British Ministry of Defense unveiled an invisible tank, or at least thats what they told President Bush.No, they developed a tank that uses cameras and they project an image on to an object to create the illusion of invisibility. The first applications are military, but some day theyre saying that the technology could be used for important civilian purposes, like making Star Jones disappear, for instance.The Iowa caucus went on today. ... Whoever wins gets to be president of Iowa, I guess. I dont know.But for the Republicans, Mike Huckabee won tonight. Mike Huckabee used to be very fat. Hes like the Ricki Lake of politics.And Barack Obama beat Hillary Clinton and John Edwards, which really is amazing because...this is Iowa. There are more black people in the Beatles than in Iowa.But I would not want to sleep next to Hillary Clinton tonight, or any night really, but especially tonight.They held the New Hampshire caucuses today. ... When I last checked, Hillary Clinton had a slight lead for the Democrats over Barack Obama. That one was...so close they almost had to call Oprah in to make a final decision.Im sure youve heard that Hillary Clinton won the New Hampshire Democratic primary last night. She...actually beat Oprahs husband by a very slim margin.So the search for the next American Idol is underway. In less important election news, Mitt Romney won the Republican primary in Michigan.The Democrats debated tonight in Las Vegas, and Dennis Kucinich...got a judge to order MSNBC, the cable channel, to let him be a part of the debate, which is the political equivalent of your mom forcing the other kids to play with you.President Bush gave his last State of the Union address last night. There arent too many people who will tell you that President Bush was a great president. And if there are, they probably work for Fox News.John Edwards and Rudy Giuliani both today announced theyre pulling out of the race for president so they can spend more time with each other.No, Giuliani said hes going to stay active. He said hell endorse John McCain. Whereas Edwards said he will endorse Herbal Essence Fruit Fusions Shampoo.I asked my daughter who she liked for president today. She told me she likes Obama because she he has big ears like Will Smith. You know, ear size is one of the key issues with young people nowadays.Today is Super Tuesday, and its also Fat Tuesday, the beginning of Mardi Gras. Happy Super Fat Tuesday to everyone. Im your super fat host.I hope you had a chance to vote today. I voted in a garage down the block from my house, under tight security too. There were at least four 80-year-old people guarding the place. I really hope they remembered to turn the box in, because its entirely possible that they didnt.Did anyone else vote in a garage today? Yeah? Well, Im always amazed because I can never get my garage clean enough to have voting there. Tomorrow, mothers and maids across this country will be picking those little I Voted stickers out of the lint trap of their dryers.Mitt Romney dropped out of the race for president, and they say Romney spent $37 million of his own money on the campaign. Thats amazing. I was able to not win the presidency for free.I always thought Mitt Romney looked like Matthew Fox from TVs Lost. Romney could be his father, so maybe theyll write a part on Lost for Romney. He could be the guy who lost $37 million for no reason.With Romney out of the race now, Republican front-runner John McCain is busy refocusing his efforts on wooing conservatives who think hes too liberal. Today, he built a fence around our parking lot security guard, Guillermo.Do you know who youre going to vote for? ... Most Republicans, I think, have a pretty good idea, but Democrats are split pretty evenly between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. I always say when in doubt, let your favorite celebrities decide. For instance, if you like Chuck Norris, you vote for Mike Huckabee. If you love Wilford Brimley, John McCain is your man.Roger Clemens sat in front of Congress today to answer questions about whether or not he used performance-enhancing drugs. He says he didnt, and is sticking to his story. And, of course, his story is he was bitten by a radioactive steroid and suddenly he developed magical pitching powers.A new research study estimates by the year 2050, the population of the U.S. will reach 438 million. Right now, we have 300 million. They say the growth will primarily be driven by Latino immigrants. In fact, everyone look to your left now and look to your right. According to this report, in 40 years, we will all be Mexican.On Monday, former President George H.W. Bush will endorse Senator John McCain for president. They have been close friends since the Civil War and the former president says that John McCain is the only candidate who has the strength, the leadership and the vision to dig America out of this giant hole his son has put us in.President Bush is going to blow up that defective spy satellite tonight. His plan, I guess, is to blow up one satellite every month until he leaves office.Our President, George W. Bush, is in Africa right now. Hes trying to use up the frequent flyer miles before he leaves office.It turns out that unlike everywhere else in the world, President Bush is very popular in Africa. They really love him. A lot of it is because hes committed a lot of financial aid to fight AIDS and malaria. A lot of it is because he brings candy wherever he goes.There was a big story in The New York Times today about Senator John McCain, whos running for president. It questioned his ties to a lobbyist named...Vicki Iseman. The story hinted that McCain may have had an extramarital affair with her, but the weird thing is she looks almost exactly like John McCains wife, Cindy. So he might have just got confused and grabbed the wrong woman. These two look more alike than the Olson twins.I dont know if anything happened or not, but I think the rule of thumb should be every year youre in a Vietnamese prison camp, you should be allowed one extramarital affair.From 5:30 until 8:30 this evening, every Starbucks in the country was closed. ... Fortunately, President Bush...gave FEMA authorization to tap into our nations emergency mochachino reserve.Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama faced off again tonight in Cleveland for their final debate before the...primaries on March 4 in Ohio, Texas, Rhode Island and Vermont. And this is the 17th presidential debate. One more and the country gets a free eight-inch sub.Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama had primaries in Ohio, Texas, Rhode Island, and Vermont tonight. Many people...waited until the very last minute to decide who theyre going to support. According to the exit polls, 53% of the voters still hadnt made up their mind, even after they voted.I guess...Clinton won Rhode Island, which is a tiny little state. Its only the size of a head of a pin.Hillary is not going to quit though, even if she loses tonight. She told her supporters tonight, If we pull out now, the guy I tried to make look like a terrorist wins.On the Republican side, no surprise, John McCain won enough delegates to score the...nomination. McCains opponent, Mike Huckabee, dropped out the race tonight, this despite his high-profile appearance on Tyra Friday. I thought that was going to do it for him.I guess once Oprah anointed Obama, everybody else headed for Tyra Town.I want to say congratulations to Sen. John McCain of Arizona, who last night captured the Republican nomination for president. ... It was a great night for...McCain. In fact, all was going just perfectly...until today, when President Bush endorsed him.Last night, Congressman Ron Paul of Texas...said hes winding down his presidential campaign. His supporter is devastated.Ron said hes looking forward to spending more time with his wife, Mrs. Paul, and her prepackaged, delicious seafood product.The other major scandal were covering at this hour, former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer, who got caught up in a high-end prostitution ring, announced his resignation today. Now theyre saying he may have spent $80,000 over prostitutes over the last ten years. Is that a lot? I mean, if you do the math, its only $22 a day, and I spend that on Direct TV.Spitzer held another press conference today and he said he needed to leave office to begin the difficult process of healing. Not emotional healing, his wife hit him in the face with a George Foreman Grill.On Monday, the lieutenant governor will take over. His name is David Paterson. Hes African-American and legally blind. Hell be the first blind governor in the United States, and hes already announced that his top legislative priority will be the death penalty for people who dont clean up after their dogs.So you probably know that The New York Times was able to find Kristen, the 22-year-old prostitute that Eliot Spitzer allegedly paid $1,000 an hour. Her real name is Ashley Dupre. ... Heres whats going to happen with her. Shes going to pose naked for Playboy, shell do a season of Celebrity Apprentice, maybe a Surreal Life, then shell top it off by having a baby with Pauly Shore.Eliot Spitzer is set to leave office on Monday, which means hooker party at the governors mansion this weekend!President Bush this morning gave a speech at the Economic Club of New York. That sounds like a fun club to be a part of, doesnt it?Bush urged the businessmen and women in the audience not to overreact. And if youve ever seen the footage of him reading to the children on 9/11, you know one thing this guy doesnt do is overreact.Bush also said that if you look at the numbers overall, even though things may seem bad right now, theyre actually very, very good compared to how theyre going to be. So, enjoy.One person whose economic outlook is very good is Paul McCartneys soon to be ex-wife, Heather Mills. A British court is set to award her around $50 million in a divorce settlement. They married on June 11, 2002, which means theyve been married for 2,100 days; $50 million divided by 2,100 is about $23,810 a day, which breaks down to $992 an hour, which is just about what Eliot Spitzer paid that hooker, so thats a lot of money.Arizonas Senator John McCain has pulled ahead of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. If elected, you know, he will be 105 years old when he takes office, which would make him the oldest president ever.Barack Obama...was on The View this morning. I guess theyre still trying to find somebody to fill that Rosie spot so they went to him.And the ladies of The View were absolutely giddy to have him there. You know, hes related to Brad Pitt, so you can understand why.I havent seen Barbara Walters so smitten within a candidate since...a young Warren G. Harding hit the scene.Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton was in Indiana trying to get more people there to like her. She claims to have taken some incoming sniper fire at the Indianapolis Airport baggage carousel, but other than that, they say the trip went very well.I dont know that Clinton and Obama will ever be friendly enough now to be running mates, but John McCain is rumored to be close to asking his former rival, Mitt Romney, to be his running mate. ... John McCain and Mitt Romney, to me, look like two guys who model overcoats in Sears catalogs, right?Over the weekend, Barack Obama went bowling in Altoona, Pennsylvania, and he bowled a 37. I bowled 37 when I was a baby, and I was drunk by the way.I dont know if youre aware of this, but our economy is struggling right now. The chairman of the Federal Reserve testified in front of the Senate Banking Committee today. He says we may be headed towards a recession this year and the only way we can avoid it is to put a trillion dollars on North Carolina to win the NCAA Tournament.President Bush is making the most of the time he has left. Right now hes in Europe, which he calls Canada.The head of the Secret Service revealed yesterday that John McCain does not receive protection from them because his campaign hasnt requested any. McCain does have several vultures that follow him around, but other than that, nothing.President Bush says...our sagging economy is poised for a rebound, which does not bode well for the economy.In case you forgot, taxes are due next week. You know, we all hate paying taxes but the truth of the matter is without our tax money, many politicians would not be able to afford prostitutes.A victory for the whole nation really. The ladies of the view had a big guest today. The Republican nominee for president, John McCain, sat down to chat. One interesting thing McCain said was that unlike President Bush, who says hes going, if hes president, he would boycott the Olympic ceremonies this summer in China. Not because of Chinas human rights record, but because the ceremonies start at 8:00 and he goes to bed at 6:45.It was a beautiful day today in Southern California, which is the good news. The bad news is we might not have many more of them left. They just released the study that says in the next 30 years there is a 97% chance that Southern California will have an earthquake magnitude 6.7 or larger, and theres a 40% chance of either being run over or attacked by Britney Spears.Today is April 15, and that means taxes were due today. ... I dont mind the taxes, but I dont like writing the check. I thought we were supposed to be passing the bill for irresponsible spending on to our grandchildren. What happened to them?This morning, Pope Benedict arrived in the United States. ... More than 10,000 people are on the waiting list to get into the Popes mass at Yankee Stadium on Sunday. Thats Hannah Montana big. Thats really good.Two major airlines, Delta and Northwest, have announced theyll merge to form the worlds largest airline. But I dont know about their new company name. Theyve merged to form DethWest, which to me has a negative connotation.Bruce Springsteen announced on his website today hes endorsing Barack Obama for president, which means Obama now has Oprah and Bruce. And all he needs to complete the triumvirate is Judge Judy, and he has this whole thing sewn up.Last night, Senators Obama and Clinton debated in Philadelphia, and the moderators, Charlie Gibson and George Stephanopoulos, have been getting some criticism today...for rehashing the old issues. But Clinton and Obama have had a lot of debates, so all the issues are old. You know, what are you going to debate? Dentistry?Hey, the long-awaited Pennsylvania Democratic primary...is finally over. ... As usual, it all came down to the Amish vote.As you know, Hillary Clinton won the Pennsylvania primary yesterday. ... It was a big night of celebration for the Clinton camp, but they still face some serious money problems. Even in her victory speech last night, Hillary pretty much begged people to go to her website. If only she knew a wealthy former president who made $30 million from his autobiography.In case you didnt know, today was Take Your Child to Work Day or as its known in China.Speaking of kids at work, Jenna and Laura Bush...teamed up to write a childrens book called Read All About It. The book is designed to encourage kids who dont like to read to read, which is a terrific idea. My son doesnt like to read. I dont know what to do. Oh, give him this book. The apples dont fall far from the very dumb tree, I guess.President Bush announced rebate checks for at least $600. If you have a bunch of kids, it could go up to like, hundreds of thousands of dollars.Im going to use my check...to buy enough gas to drive to the bank and cash it, and then maybe back.There are nine months left in office for President Bush, and hes keeping very busy. Today he held a press conference to talk about the economy. It was a solid press conference for the President. He pronounced the word stimulus correctly almost every single time.And he wouldnt come out and say there was a recession, but he did come out and say that he really doesnt care that much anymore.David Blaine today broke the world record for holding his breath on Oprah -- 17 minutes, four seconds. ... Blaine has now frozen himself, hes starved himself, hes gone without sleep for weeks, and deprived himself of oxygen. Today, Dick Cheney said, See, its not torture. Its magic.The Democrats had two important primaries today in North Carolina and Indiana. And the party could be over for Hillary Clinton. She might have won Indiana, but she lost North Carolina, which is bigger. Theyre saying now the only way that Obama could possibly lose would be for him to marry Bill Clinton.Barack Obama picked up four more superdelegates this week. Those are the party big shots whose votes, for some reason, mean a lot more than our votes mean. Even so, its nice to see a politician pick up something other than a prostitute every once in a while.The First Daughter, Jenna Bush, is getting married tomorrow at the Bush family compound in Texas. Close your eyes and picture our president doing the Chicken Dance, because that is what will be happening.Its kind of scary to be on TV nowadays because you never know when you might get eliminated, as happened to Syesha on American Idol. Her name now takes its place among other notable third-place winners, like Hillary Clinton.Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama in the West Virginia primary last night. She raked in 20 of the 28 delegates for West Virginia, which means now she has even more of no chance to win this thing.And if there was any doubt that Barack Obama has what it takes to be a president of the United States, that doubt was erased during a campaign stop in Oregon, when he mistakenly said he had been to 57 states. So he is definitely ready to take over for President Bush.Obama needs rest. Some crazy lady keeps calling him at 3:00 a.m. every night.President Bush was in Saudi Arabia today for a meeting with King Abdullah. The main reason he went was to ask the Saudis to produce more oil so our gas prices will go down. They said no. So now hes coming home.Barack Obama got a big endorsement this week. Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, who, believe it or not, is a former exulted cyclops of the KKK -- no kidding around -- said he will cast his superdelegate vote for Barack Obama. Not a great time for Hillary Clinton when even former Klan members are supporting Obama.They held primaries in Oregon and Kentucky. Hillary Clinton won Kentucky, Obama is expected to win Oregon, which would mean that he would clinch a majority of the pledge delegates. There are the delegates, superdelegates, pledge delegates, Lemon Pledge delegates, and...the farmer in the delegates, without which you dont get to the White House.David Cook is the new American Idol. Cook beat David Archuleta, but Hillary Clinton called...Archuleta right after the show and told him not to give up and stay in the competition, no matter how long it takes.Did you know that by staying home and watching this show tonight you are saving an average of $85 worth of gas? So youre welcome, America.McCain is in great shape. Doctors say he could potentially live all the way through 2010.It looks like we have a Democratic nominee for president, Barack Obama. And now, Hillary Clinton is indicating privately to friends, who then blab it to the cable news channels, that she would be open to the vice presidency. That would mean the chain of command would be Hillary as vice president, Obama as president, and then Oprah on top of them.Ninety-year-old Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, the longest serving senator in American history, was hospitalized yesterday for a mild infection that they say was causing lethargy and sluggishness. They pinpointed the problem and it turns out hes been dead for more than 22 years.Hey, the big news today is that Democrats seem to be in agreement that Barack is the obaminee.Have you seen the news? It says Hillary Clinton will concede the race on Friday, which should make for a fun weekend for Bill.Of course, everyones wondering now if Obama will ask Hillary to be his running mate. Obama actually tried to call her last night and got her voicemail twice. I guess she only takes calls at 3:00 a.m.It was also probably hard to hear the phone over the sound of her husband weeping.Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton had what they called a secret meeting last night in Washington, DC. ... One of the topics they are rumored to have discussed is Hillarys $20 million campaign debt. Obama may help her cover some of that, but shes still going to be on the hook for most of it. And today, she outlined a broad-based plan for recouping that money. Her plan is to marry and then divorce Paul McCartney.Music legend Bob Dylan, whos...maybe the most respected person in all of music, told the Times of London today that he supports Barack Obama. Or at least they think thats what he said. He may have been trying to book a flight to Omaha. So we may never know for sure.President Bush is in Europe right now, on a tour of Germany, Italy, France, England, and several other countries that hate him.While hes gone, dont worry, America is safe and sound in the more competent hands of Barney, the White House terrier.I guess its like a farewell tour for the President before he returns home to kick off his six-month good riddance tour here.Barack Obama announced today he will not accept $85 million in public financing for his presidential campaign. I guess hes raising more money on his own, but  $85 million is a lot of money. In fact, that much money can get you a whole summers worth of gas for your SUV.Hey, there was an interesting study released today which says that people who live here in the state of California...are less convinced that there is a god than the people of any other state in the country. On an unrelated note, more than 800 wildfires here in California are currently burning out of control.Its been very difficult for the firefighters to get things under control because the vegetation up in Northern California where the fires are is about 40% marijuana plants. So the poor crews, theyre supposed to be bringing in supplies, but they keep bringing in Doritos and chocolate milk shakes. And its not helping.The latest Bloomberg poll shows Barack Obama has a 15-point lead over John McCain. Obama leads in men, in women, with young people and minorities. In fact, McCain is only beating Obama...in calcium deposits.By the way, this weekend here in California is the last weekend you can use your cell phone without a headset. Starting Tuesday, if youre caught driving while talking on a phone without a hands-free device, you could get hit with a $20 fine. So they are not screwing around. That is almost an eight of a tank of gas.Its a dumb law. Whats dangerous is dialing the phone and text messaging, not holding it up to your ear. Thats why God gave us shoulders.I believe the whole thing is a conspiracy organized by the people who own Bluetooth.One nice thing, here in LA, now that I have my hands free, its easier to return gunfire with fellow motorists.Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton campaigned for the first time together in Unity, New Hampshire, today. Isnt that cute? ... Their tour then, I guess, goes...to Toleration, Rhode Island, then to Annoyed, Arkansas, Getting On My Nerves, Virginia, and Screaming Fight, Nevada.I guess there was one small incident where she jumped behind the wheel of the bus and tried to run him over. Other than that, Hillary and Barack seem to be getting along very well.If youre watching right now from in or near Brownsville, Texas, you should probably turn the TV off and get...out of there, because Hurricane Dolly made landfall today. ... I know they have only so many names to...choose from with these hurricanes, but how are you supposed to take a hurricane named Dolly seriously?Barack Obama is in the Middle East. Hes in Israel today, while poor John McCain was stuck in the cold cuts section of a supermarket in Pennsylvania. ... Excuse me, Senator, could I get the Kraft Singles? Im just...just for a second.Things are not going particularly well for John McCain. Hes way behind in the polls and today there was a story that Obama-related merchandise...is outselling John McCain merchandise by a four-to-one margin. Although ? and this is important to know -- McCain does still have a very strong lead when it comes to sales of both the McClapper and the McDiaper.Presidential candidate Barack Obama was in Germany today. A huge crowd turned out to hear him speak ?more than 200,000 people cheering him enthusiastically. Yeah, I guess its the first time theyve seen a black person since Milli Vanilli left the country.It was...surprising and kind of exciting. They really love Barack Obama in Germany. Hes like a rock star over there, which is impressive until you realize that David Hasselhoff is also like a rock star over there.Its been a great week for Obama. To say that he won the photo-op battle this week against John McCain is like saying Batman did okay at the box office.I know this is going to seem like a joke, but I did a Google News search today for the phrase John McCain, and it turned up no results. Fortunately, McCain doesnt know how to get on the Internet, so it probably wont bother him.Theres a lot of what they call buzz going on in the blogosphere right now that Barack Obama will choose Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be his running mate. Officially, Obama hasnt said anything. All hell say is that hes narrowed the pool of candidates down to be not Hillary.Welcome back to our continuing coverage of the great earthquake of 08. Dont worry, youre in good hands. I have been bolted safely to the floor.As you probably know, we had a little earthquake yesterday here in Los Angeles. ... The rebuilding began today and ended today because nothing really broke.President Bush is on the hunt for a new home. ... I guess his master plan of massive foreclosures and plummeting real estate prices has finally paid off, because he should get a good deal.Hes looking for something with four bedrooms, two bathrooms, and zero libraries.Barack Obama, his campaign, is criticizing today a new song from the rapper Ludacris. They specifically objected to Ludacris calling Hillary Clinton a bitch. Like they dont, by the way.The song also calls President Bush mentally handicapped. A White House spokesperson today objected as well, saying that the official term for the Presidents condition is developmentally disabled.In Missouri yesterday, Barack Obama claimed that hes a distant relative of Wild Bill Hickok. Apparently, he is. But John McCain said, Senator, I served with Bill Hickok, I know Bill Hickok, Bill Hickok was a friend of mine, and you are no Bill Hickok.California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger had a tough day. He was forced to take a drastic measure. He had to lay off 22,000 state workers. But he did say, Hasta la vista, baby, to everyone leaving, so that was nice.Sen. John McCain was in Sturgis, North Dakota yesterday at the big...motorcycle rally that hundreds of thousands of Harley-Davidson owners go to every year. McCain actually rode there on his Rascal, so he got into the spirit.I dont know if you about this, but there is a formidable new combatant in the presidential race. Barely a week after John McCain used her image in an ad attacking Barack Obama, Paris Hilton is fighting back. Yesterday, she released her own political ad in which she talked about her own energy policy, which until this point I think had been...vodka and Red Bull.But...its a comedy video, so it probably would have been funnier if anyone other than Paris Hilton was starring in it.A new poll...done by the Lifetime Network has determined that more American women would rather carpool or go on vacation with Barack Obama more than John McCain -- 51% for Obama to 31% for John McCain. And that 31% fell to just 2% when it was specified that McCain would be driving in that carpool.President George Wilhelmina Bush is in China right now. Hes been in Asia this week, with his wife Laura, his daughter Barbara, and the guy who ties his shoes.They are there to watch the Olympics. Now, this may be the last major trip of the Bush Presidency. He is scheduled to take a day trip to Legoland in October, but this is the last big one.More than 60 heads of state will be at the opening ceremonies, so security is extremely tight in China, which has been very hard on the locals there. Many stores and factories in Beijing have been required to close, and people have been forced out of their houses. Its sort of like here in the United States, only for them, itll end in a couple of weeks.The government claims that it has the smog that Beijing is notorious for under control, but heres how bad it really is. They say if Snoop Dogg rolled down the window of his limo, smoke would pour in.President Bush made history by becoming the first sitting US president to attend the Olympics in a foreign country. He said hes been looking forward to it ever since he heard that in China, people arent allowed to make fun of political leaders.For China, the Olympics are an opportunity to try to change the worlds perception of them. And they put on quite an opening ceremony. They say it cost $300 million to produce, and it might have even been more expensive if they didnt have slaves.One interesting aspect of the games is that the athletes are getting older. This time around, there are...a whole bunch of athletes more than 40 years old, which just goes to show that with discipline, modern training techniques, and clean urine purchased on the black market, dreams can come true.The Democratic National Convention is underway in Denver, Colorado. Thousands of pounds of confetti and Styrofoam hats and hookers have been shipped in from all over the world.And since this is first DNC to feature an African-American nominee, some are calling it the Run-DNC.Tonight, Sen. Hillary Clinton gave a highly anticipated convention speech. People were curious to find out how she would endorse her former foe, and she endorsed him pretty strongly, saying whatever youre feeling about the primaries, now is the time for the Democrats to put aside...differences [and] come together to rally behind Mr. Potato Ears.Beijing Olympic coverage wrapped up on Sunday night. In China, the Olympics were the most popular thing on Chinese TV, way ahead even of their second place program, Kids Manufacture the Darnedest Things.Barack Obamas...running mate...spoke tonight at the Democratic National Convention. And after all the name-related problems this campaign has had, why Obama would pick a vice president with the last name Biden is beyond me. ... Obama, Biden ? its like theyre trying to make the ticket sound as much like Osama bin Laden as possible.The inside word is that Obama went back and forth between Biden and Tim Kaine, and ultimately, it came down to a game of Barack, paper, scissors.The big star tonight at the convention was former President Clinton. He spent most of his time, actually, in the speech talking about how excited he is that Kim Kardashian is going to be on Dancing with the Stars.Al Gore...spoke tonight at the Democratic National Convention. It was good to see Al Gore. With all the talk about global warming and all he does for the environment, I had forgotten how boring he is.Many conservatives were critical of the stage the Democrats set up at Mile High Stadium. Specifically, some felt these Roman columns made Obama look like he was the high priest at a temple. ... Personally, I think the Republicans are just jealous, because theyre used to having a monopoly on things that are stiff and white.Hey, weve got a big deal going on tonight. Judas Priest is here with us. ... Theyre on their way to the Republican National Convention, and they decided to stop by.Vice President Cheney and President Bush cancelled their appearances at the convention because of Hurricane Gustav and the fact that no one wanted them to be there.Most of the gossip this week is centered around Sarah Palin, John McCains controversial choice for vice president. Some question whether a mother of five whos only been running the state of Alaska for only two years is the right person to fill out a ticket fronted by a 175-year-old man.Remember when the Republicans compared Barack Obama to Britney Spears? Now theyve got their own Jamie Lynn Spears.And how are you going to be the vice president of the United States with five kids to take care of? Now Palin is going to be a grandmother and shes partnered with John McCain. How many diapers can one woman possibly change?Hey, the Republican National Convention is still going wild...right now. Palin was the star speaker tonight. A lot of excitement. She promised a walrus in every igloo and a whale tooth in every papoose.Obviously theyre keeping the less popular Republicans out of the spotlight at the convention. President Bush gave a speech last night which couldnt have been more than five minutes long. Dick Cheney is in Azerbaijan, which I think is the farthest possible point from Minneapolis on the globe. And they actually locked Idaho Senator Larry Craig in the convention center mens room. Either that or he locked himself in. Im not sure.It was the final...night of the Republican National Convention. And there when was a lot of applause when they introduced John McCain, which actually confused him because he thought they were trying to turn the lights off.One of the big themes for many of the convention speakers was that they say we need to elect a Republican to go in and clean up the mess in Washington. I think thats actually a great lesson for kids. Always clean up your own mess.Cindy McCain appeared at the Republican National Convention, and Vanity Fair took a look at an outfit she wore. The magazine priced it out at around $300,000. With that kind of money, you could buy an 11th house.Should we be nervous about a man who preaches against wasteful spending when his wife is wearing $300,000?If Cindy McCain were a plane, Sarah Palin would sell her on eBay.There was a story going around that said Oprah doesnt want to have Sarah Palin on her show. Oprah claims there have been absolutely no discussions about having Palin on, but that she would love to after the campaign is over. Apparently, between Nate Berkus Bathroom Makeovers and The Best Jeans for Curvy Women, theyre...all booked up. They dont have a slot open. It has nothing to do with Obama.There are only 56 days until the presidential election, and most of the attention now is centered around John McCains running mate, Sarah Palin. Theyre already selling...Sarah Palin action figures online, and there was a sad incident at Toys R Us today when the Sarah Palin dolls shot My Little Pony.Sarah Palin...had her first real interview as vice presidential nominee last night. ABCs Charlie Gibson asked her some very...tough questions. John McCains were happy with the interview, they said. It went so well, they may even let her do another one, sometime -- maybe in a month or two.The Dow fell 504 points yesterday. ... On Wall Street, theyre calling it Black Monday, and John McCain was quick to point out today that they are saying Black Monday, not Old White Monday.Vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin today said she thinks the economy needs some shakin up and some fixin, which Im pretty sure is also her recipe for oven baked chicken.It has been revealed that after Sarah Palin became Governor of Alaska, she had a tanning bed installed in the...Governors mansion. And...I thought we had the only Governor who covered himself in baby oil and got in a tanning bed.Of course, Palins bed wasnt just for tanning. In a pinch, it also worked as a moose smoker.Still, it is interesting that she would have that in the mansion. I guess the plan was not only to overshadow Hillary as the female candidate, but also to overshadow Barack Obama as the black candidate.Somebody hacked into vice presidential candidate Sarah Palins email account and posted it all online. Apparently, the hacker was able to figure out her password, which turned out to be bible hockey lipstick gun.Heres what Internet security experts believe happened. A hacker disguised in a polar bear skin crawled past the familys sleeping sled dogs and into their igloo. Once inside, he typed a series of keywords into a computer made of deer and moose antlers, downloaded the emails on a zip drive, and then made an easy escape through the family ice hole.Yesterday, the Federal government announced a massive plan to bail out a number of banking institutions. One expert said it may cost Americans...more than a trillion dollars. To put that into perspective, ten Bill Gates and 35 Oprahs still dont add up to a trillion dollars.So now our attention turns to which candidate can best guide us out of this mess. But even more important than that is deciding which candidate wed most like to eat nachos with. According to a new survey from the Associated Press, more Americans would rather watch a football game with Barack Obama than with John McCain by a margin of 50 to 47%, mostly because McCain has to get up every ten minutes to go to the bathroom.But on the other hand, if youre looking for a candidate to listen to old radio broadcasts of Fibber McGee and Molly with, John McCain, thats your guy right there.According to vehicle registration records, John and Cindy McCain own 13 cars, while Barack and Michelle Obama only have one car. They have one car and the McCains have 13, which, to be fair, is like, only one for each house.President Bush made a farewell speech in front of the United Nations General Assembly. You know, the President is not an eloquent speaker, but I thought he spoke quite powerfully today, especially at the end of his speech when he looked out at all the delegates representing all the nations of the world and...said, Can we borrow some money?Sen. John McCain has announced he is putting his campaign for president on hold to focus on the economy. And he wants to postpone his first debate with Barack Obama on Friday, which seems a little bit like the old my grandmother died excuse the night before a final exam. But you have to understand something -- when you have 11 houses, you take a housing crisis very, very seriously.I believe him when he says this is a sincere effort, but some think its a publicity stunt because he announced it while hanging upside down from a crane in Central Park today.I say if McCain cant make it to the debates, send a substitute. Send Chuck Norris in. Id watch that.Meanwhile, our actual President came down from his tree house today to address the nation. And I have to admit, he does have an interesting plan to fix the economy. Bake sale.Earlier today, President Bush met at the White House with both Barack Obama and John McCain. The meeting was...about the financial crisis. But McCain showed up without his running mate, Sarah Palin, which is a shame because she...actually has a lot of experience with banking and financial matters. You know, she lives right next to a bank.Yesterday, Sarah Palin was in New York at the UN General Assembly to meet with leaders from other countries, because previously, her world experience had been limited to a visit to the Epcot Center in Orlando.John McCain suspended his presidential campaign yesterday to focus on the financial crisis. McCain asked Barack Obama to join him and postpone the debate they have scheduled for tomorrow night in Mississippi. But McCain does want to reschedule the debate, preferably until some time after the election.The much anticipated vice presidential debate takes place tomorrow night in St. Louis. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware faces off with Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. Teams of technicians very working around the clock trying to figure out how to run an Internet cable directly into the back of Palins skull to feed her...information.Even though Governor Palin is not expected to do particularly well in tomorrow nights debate, she is favored heavily in Friday nights swimsuit competition.Before the first and only vice presidential debate took place tonight, Joe Bidens team said his strategy would be to avoid attacking Sarah Palin directly and instead focus his attacks on linking John McCain to President Bush and the economy. Palins people, on the other hand, said her strategy would be to stay upwind of Biden, flush him out into an open area, and then go for a clean shot through the lungs. You dont want to mess with the head. Thats the trophy, right?The big question -- and I dont know if anyone has asked it -- while Sarah Palin is yammering it up with Joe Biden, who is keeping an eye on the Russians? I feel very unprotected right now.Theres a new bank bailout today. The government is taking a $250 billion ownership stake in a bunch of failing banks, which is great news because at long last, banking will be as efficient as going to the DMV.Tonight we had the final of three debates between presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain at Hofstra University in New York. ... Obviously, McCain had a lot riding on this one. Hes way behind in the polls and he doesnt have much time left. Ten years if hes lucky.Anheuser-Busch, the beer company, underwrote the debate. They paid for everything, which is a little...odd because Cindy McCain owns an Anheuser-Busch wholesaler in Arizona. ... I dont know much about running for president, but it seems to me that John McCains not spending nearly enough time working the my wife can get us free beer angle. Right?In less than three weeks, we will elect a new President of the United States. I am going to go out on a limb. I predict it will be either John McCain or Barack Obama or maybe two of the Jonas Brothers.Some new developments today regarding Joe the plumber, the guy from Ohio who asked Barack Obama why he wanted to raise taxes on the plumbing business he wants to buy. It turns out that Joe is not a licensed plumber, he had to admit that hes not even close to buying the plumbing business, the business does not bring in between $250,000 and $280,000 a year like he said, and his name isnt even Joe; its Sam. So the only thing true about Joe the plumber is the the.Sarah Palin has been the butt of a lot of jokes and...the subject of a lot of criticism. In fact, she said at a rally in North Carolina yesterday that to avoid getting depressed, her staff now limits her access exclusively to the mainstream media. Thats a good idea. Just what she needs, to read less.Barack Obama is taking time off from campaigning to visit his sick grandmother in Hawaii. Normally, it would be a bad idea to take time off two weeks before the presidential election. But at this point, Obama is far enough ahead that the only thing really that can stop his campaign is if he finds a mysterious bad luck Tiki doll on the beach.Sarah Palin had a good thought. She suggested that while Barack Obama is over in Hawaii, it might be a good idea for him to keep an eye on Japan.Some people think that visiting his sick grandma might actually help Obama win more of the elderly vote. In fact, to try to counter that today, John McCain stopped by our nations capitol to visit his grandmother, Susan B. Anthony McCain.Miss Teen Louisiana Lindsey Evans has been stripped of her title after being arrested for dining and dashing at a restaurant. Allegedly, Lindsey and three friends ran out of a Louisiana restaurant without paying the...bill. Unfortunately for them, Lindsey left her purse behind with her drivers license and marijuana in it. So, police went to her house and arrested her. But did anyone ever consider the possibility that maybe a handbag of marijuana was her way of paying the check?Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is taking heat today because the Republican National Committee has so far spent $150,000 on wardrobe for her and her family. Boy, Palin sure is representing small town hockey moms, isnt she folks?Also yesterday, Sarah Palin told a bunch of third graders that the vice president runs the Senate, which the vice president does not do. Thats a major -- not knowing what the job is. I mean, even President Bush will tell you the vice president doesnt run the Senate. The vice president runs the White House.Hey, I want to say...congratulations to the nation of India today. Theyve joined a very select group that has successfully launched a space mission. ... Chandayaan-1 blasted off early this morning, and this is exciting for us because the next time we call customer service at Microsoft, we might be calling the moon.With less than two weeks to go before the presidential election, John McCain is behind Barack Obama in every major poll. But heres the important thing to remember: Back in 1984, with the same amount of time remaining, Walter Mondale was 14 points behind Ronald Reagan and then by the time the election came, he went on to lose every state except Minnesota. So -- all right, well, maybe thats a bad example.And truth be told, John McCain s doing pretty darn well for a guy who passed away 20 years ago.As popular as Obama is here in the United States, he might be even more popular overseas. Gallup polled citizens of 70 countries and found that foreigners supported Obama over McCain by nearly four to one. It was an unusual poll, actually: 30% supported Obama, 8% supported McCain, and the rest supported David Hasselhoff. I guess that drunken hamburger video still hasnt hurt him abroad.You probably heard the Republican National Committee spent $150,000 in campaign donations for clothes and makeup for Sarah Palin. They have been taking a lot of heat for it. Today, John McCain even had to announce that when the election is over, the clothes will all be donated to charity. Finally, his plan to get her naked is bearing fruit.Theres good news for Palin and McCain today. They got two big endorsements from Heidi and Spencer of The Hills. All the ticket needs now are the Al Reynolds and John Mark Carr endorsements and theyll have it wrapped up.The economy has become the central issue in the presidential campaign. I personally...havent heard one word about fencing in the Mexicans in months, right?And each candidate is claiming hes better equipped to handle this...than the other one. John McCain has for some reason decided to build his final push around Joe the plumber. Now, this guy Joe, we learned last week, is not a licensed plumber and his name isnt even Joe, but that didnt stop the McCain campaign from naming him, like, their artificial mascot. Why they would name a plumber a mascot for a campaign thats...gone down the toilet already, I dont know.Nationally, the Republican ticket trails in every major poll, and some by as many as ten points, so the McCain campaign is now focusing on a last ditch strategy that involves three major parts. Number one: strengthen the support in the states that Bush won in 2004. Number two: flip Pennsylvania back from blue to red. And third, pray for an earthquake that will dump California into the Pacific Ocean. So if all those things happen, hes got a pretty good shot.Meanwhile, McCains running mate, Sarah Palin, said in Washington, DC, yesterday that the election is in Gods hands now. Isnt that what you say to a prisoner whos about to be executed?Three major television networks -- CBS, NBC, and Fox, along with MSNBC, Univision, TV1, and BET -- joined together tonight to take Barack Obamas money from him. They all aired a half-hour long infomercial that was paid for by his campaign. ... Most people thought that Obama would use the time to...ask American for their vote, but he went in a completely different direction by saying Im the President, and if you dont like it, you can suck it, America.John McCains campaign thought Joe the plumber was going to be at a McCain appearance in Defiance, Ohio. They thought Joe the plumber was going to be there. Joe told the news that they asked him to come and then nobody followed up, so he didnt go. Thats surprising. Its not like a plumber to keep you waiting.Barack Obama is ahead in nearly every major poll. One gambling site online has him as a seven to one favorite to win. Theyre saying the only way Obama lose this election right now is if they made him bowl for it.Some good news today for the economy, finally. Exxon Mobil announced that they made the biggest profit of any company ever. They made $14.83 billion, up 58% from the same quarter lat year. They broke their own record by more than $3 billion. You know what? Next time youre at the gas station, please, steal a squeegee. They owe it to you.The Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, is a Republican, but he broke with his party today by announcing that he opposes Proposition 8, a proposition in California that would ban gay marriage. ... Arnold also...opposes Proposition 14, which would require all governors of California to speak some English.The top selling political costume this Halloween is Sarah Palin, but they had to put...out a special warning today. They told Sarah Palins traveling press corps, Dont dress up as an animal or she might shoot you.Sarah Palin actually dressed up herself. She found the cutest Little Mermaid costume at Bergdorfs for only $8,500, and its made out of real dolphin. Its really nice.John McCain says Joe the plumber is his role model, and today he said he wants to take him to Washington if hes elected president. Not a bad idea, because they will need someone to install the safety rails at the White House toilets.Its an election eve, and tomorrow, Americans will go to the polls in numbers that they are saying will be bigger even than the third week of American Idol.Two Canadian deejays who call themselves the Masked Avengers...managed over the weekend to get Sarah Palin on the phone. And one of them pretended to be French President Nicholas Sarkozy, but Palin didnt know it was a prank call until he finally told her. The one good thing for Sarah Palin, though, is since the guys who made the call are Canadian, technically, you could make the case that this counts as foreign policy experience.Barack Obama was joined on stage by Bruce Springsteen in Ohio on Sunday. There was one tense moment when somebody in the audience yelled out Born in the USA and Obama said, For the last time, yes, I was!Late last night, Sen. Barack Obama was elected the 44th president of these United States. And even if you are a Republican or a member of one of the small crazy people parties, you could find something to be happy about it, whether its that we have our first-ever African-American president or even that we have our first vice president with hair plugs.President Bush called Sen. Obama last night to congratulate him and this is an actual quote. He said, What an awesome night for you and your family. I think his eloquence is what we will remember most about Bush.Obama thanked the President for his call and for all he did to help him get elected.Hey if you think about it, President Bush is at least partially responsible for us having our first black president, so...never let it be said he didnt accomplish anything. Maybe George Bush doesnt hate black people after all.Bush...invited Obama to come visit him at the White House, which was a nice thing to do. He wants to show him, I guess, the presidential tree house and teach him how to turn the Oval Office couch cushions into a fort. All the fun stuff.The real challenge, though, is for Joe Biden because hes got to figure out how to get Dick Cheney out of the vice presidential mansion. As you know, Dick Cheney is armed and has a history of shooting old men.Obama held the first news conference today as president-elect. Some veteran White House reporters were a little bit confused because he didnt make up any words and almost everything he said made sense.Yesterday, President-elect Barack Obama and his wife Michelle visited with President and Mrs. Bush. Obama has been very critical of the President. Fortunately though, the President cannot read, so he didnt know about it.Obama said his favorite part of the tour was when the President showed him the secret dial under his desk that he uses to control the price of gasoline.Only 69 days until Barack Obama becomes our 44th president. Its going to be weird not having Dick Cheney in charge.It looks like Hillary Clinton might be Barack Obamas Secretary of State. Hillary went from almost being the President to a secretary. It sounds like somebody needs to watch Working Girl again because thats not how its supposed to work.The Secretary of State...travels all over the world, meeting with foreign leaders for weeks or sometimes months at a time, with long stretches of being away from his or her husband. But thats just a sacrifice Bill is willing to make.Its almost as if Bill Clinton told Obama, Listen, Ill campaign for you, Ill raise money, just get H-E-R the hell out of here, as far away as possible.The big rumor yesterday was that Barack Obama would select Hillary Clinton to be his Secretary of State. Now it seems like that might not be the case and there are a lot of theories as to why. But maybe the best indicator that she might not take the job, apparently this morning, Bill took down his eHarmony page.The Dow took another major dive today. It lost 444 points. That adds up to 873 points over the last two days. The Dow is now dropping so frequently, they...decided to just add an n to the end of it and call it a day.According to some statistics the government released yesterday, Mexican immigration to the United States has dropped 42% over the last two years. And you have to hand it to President Bush, he knew that the way to stop people from sneaking into the country is not to build a fence or a wall, its to make this country very undesirable.President Bush has less than two months left before he two-steps back to Texas for some serious brush clearing time. But the President sat down with Charles Gibson of ABC for an interview that aired tonight. Surprisingly, he admitted to some mistakes. He said he was unprepared for how long and difficult the Iraq war would be and that he shouldnt have gone to war based on reports that Iraq had WMDs without first asking what WMD stood for.This morning, President-elect Barack Obama nominated New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson to be secretary of commerce. Given the state of our economy, that might be the toughest cabinet job of all of them, which means, once again, the Mexican guy gets stuck with the job nobody wants to do.Remember last month the big story about all the money that the Republican National Committee spent on clothes for Sarah Palin and her family? I believe it was $150,000. Well today, the RNC tacked another $30,000 on to that. ... Who would have guessed that the Republicans October surprise turned out to be their credit card bill?Palin said she would gladly have bought everything herself, but in Alaska, the governors salary of $120,000 a year is paid entirely in fish, which most department stores do not accept.Hey, heres a heads up for you, especially if youre gay or work with gays. Tomorrow is the Day Without a Gay. This is a real thing. A group of same-sex marriage supporters are encouraging people to call in gay tomorrow and skip work. The idea, I guess, is to show how much we rely on gays and lesbians in the workforce. And what better way to open closed minds than by forcing your co-workers to do your work for you?Ive never called in gay. Ive called in bi a few times. You get half the day off.I have no idea what relation the call-in campaign has to same-sex marriage, but, you know, with unemployment at a 15-year high, there has never been a better time to take the day off for no clear reason.Today was, in case you didnt know, what they called National Day Without a Gay. The idea was that gays and lesbians were supposed to ? and this is a quote, call in gay to work today, to show, I guess, their support for same-sex marriage. The point of the day...was to demonstrate what the world would be like without gays. It turned out it was exactly like the world with gays. No gay people participated in this. Because apparently they have jobs that they care about.If anything, it kind of had the reverse effect because one guy who works here had the flu today, and he came in anyway just to make sure we didnt get the wrong idea.I myself was 15 minutes gay to work today.Joe the plumber is back in the news today. Joe...spent several weeks on a bus campaigning with John McCain, and he told Glenn Beck last night that he felt dirty after discussing the issues with him. I dont know how to tell you this, Joe, but of course you felt dirty. You work in other peoples toilets. You are dirty.But Joe had praise for Sarah Palin. He called her the real deal. Theyre perfect for each other, and in fact, theyre starring in a new movie together. I dont know if youve heard, but its called Dumb and Plumber.Barack Obama had another press conference today. Among other things, he talked about the economy. He says job prospects are worse than they have been in 26 years. This Obama is turning out to be a real bummer with these speeches, isnt he?John McCain has not been holding any press conferences lately. In fact, they just finished moving out of their campaign headquarters and are selling all their stuff. Really sad. McCain has gone from almost being president to holding a yard sale.And this particular dog is smarter than most. Hes only a month old, but Biden has already...taught him a trick. He already learned how to put his foot in his mouth.And not only will the new puppy serve as a pet, until he gets big enough to be home alone, he will also serve as the Vice Presidents toupee.Im sure you have seen this by now. On Sunday, President Bush made the last stop on his farewell tour of Iraq. While there, a reporter...threw his shoes at him. Apparently, touching or hitting someone with your shoe is the most insulting thing you can do in Iraq, short of beheading, I mean, which they do. Thats the worst.But I have to say, I was impressed by how nimbly President Bush was able to dodge those shoes. I mean, I know hes got a lot of dodging experience from his years during the Vietnam War, but this was pretty slick.The guy who threw the shoes is now a hero in Iraq. They say hes shown the world that Iraqis have no masters, but I think what he really showed the world is that Iraqis have no aim.By the way, this is the country we thought had nuclear weapons. Instead, it turns out...they have a pair of size 9 Hush Puppies.It looks like its going to be a whiter Christmas than anyone expected this year. Already, much of the country is covered in snow, including Chicago, which right now is getting, like, a foot of snow. The blizzard was so bad there today, Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich declared a state of emergency and sent all corruption investigators home until further notice.As you probably heard no less than a thousand times this week, the economy is in a recession. Unemployment is up to somewhere between 6% and 7%. They dont know the exact number because the woman who compiles it was let go last week.Hi, there, Im Jimmy, the host of the show. And Im honored to have been appointed the new junior senator from the state of Illinois. ... Funny thing is, Im still writing 2008 on the checks I sent to Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich.Let me tell you something, it was an historic day -- I think thats the right way to say it, in Washington, as all four living presidents and our president-elect had lunch together at the White House. Presidents Clinton, Carter, both Bushes, and Barack Obama sat down to share a meal. President Bush was especially excited. Its his place, and...when the guys all walked in, he went, Hey, youre the guys from the paintings in my office.Not only did the former presidents give Obama advice, but this is...pretty amazing. They announced a plan to solve all the worlds problems by joining forces to form one giant President Voltron, which will destroy all who oppose us.It was an exciting first day for our first lady, who got a new set of plates. First Lady Laura Bush showed off the new gold-rimmed official state china. It cost $493,000, but dont worry. It was paid for by a private trust, funded by lunatics who donate half a million dollars to buy the White House plates.Mrs. Bush said shed been hoping to use the china herself, but she ordered it two years ago and it just came, which is what happens when you order your table service from FEMA.The Bushes, by the way, arent the only presidents to have their own china. Truman, Reagan, and Clinton all had it too, though the Clinton service is missing some plates and I think a soup bowl because of Hillary throwing them at Bill.But Ill tell you something, nothing to me says recession like spending a half a million dollars on dinnerware.Remember Joe the plumber? ... A conservative website is sending Joe the plumber to Gaza as their war correspondent. Because who better to explain the complex issues surrounding a war thats been going on for forty years than an unlicensed plumber?The governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, was impeached today by the state legislature...while he was out for a jog. This is why I dont jog. You never know what could happen.Some good news for Sarah Palin. A poll by a real estate website found that she is Americas number one choice for celebrity neighbor. Oprah came in second, which seems kind of crazy to me, because if you live next door to Oprah, she wont shoot your pets.Well, one more week left of President Bush, and the President has been busy saying his good-byes. Yesterday, he gave an unusually candid and animated press conference. As you may know, President Bush was never a big fan of press conferences because the press never...really understood him, mostly because he makes up his own words.Im really going to miss him. Cant we find a position for him? Something where we still get to hear the stupid stuff, but he doesnt actually make any decisions? I mean, Im all for change, but I have a show to do here.President Bush has declared an advanced state of emergency in DC from Saturday until Wednesday to allow for extra security for the inauguration. Apparently, the President obtained information from a very reliable source that on Tuesday an unidentified black man is plotting to break into and actually live in the White House for at least four years.By the way, it seems fitting to me that President Bush would leave Washington, DC, in a state of emergency on the day he leaves office.The President was on Larry King last night for one last...hard-hitting interview before he packs up and tries to find his way back home to Texas. King asked the President...if he personally lost money in the stock market. Bush said he has no idea because all his money is in a blind trust managed by a Nigerian prince whos about to collect a huge inheritance.I like that the President doesnt know where his money is. If he doesnt know where ours is, he shouldnt know where his is either, right?I think I have the perfect solution to this cold. I was thinking about it today. Lets swap countries with Mexico. Everyone who lives there moves here and vice versa. You want it so bad, you can have it.President Bush has four days left in office, and he made his farewell address to the nation this evening. He was very gracious regarding Barack Obama. He said Obama offers hope to the nation. And I thought this was nice. He actually went shopping with Laura and personally picked out the bag hes going to leave Obama holding.President Bush will soon be gone from the White House, but hes not going to fade away. Hes only 62 years old and he says there are still plenty of challenges to fail to meet, there are still goals to fall short of, and people to disappoint.And...the Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, gave his annual State of the State address this morning. And while you might think that after five years in office, he has run out of cute references to his own movies. But he most certainly has not, because he made reference to Conans sword in todays speech. All thats left is for him to tell the Board of Education about Kindergarten Cop, right?Barack Obama is the new President of the United States, our 44th. As our first African-American president, Obama fulfills the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King, and as our first Hawaiian president, he fulfills the dream of Don Ho.They estimate that around two million people crowded in to the National Mall to see Obamas swearing-in ceremony, which is the first time a mall has been crowded in about a year.You know, I tell you something, its silly to say that President Bush was the worst president of all time. We dont know that. All we can say is that he was the worst president so far, right?Former Vice President Cheney was in a wheelchair at the inauguration. His aides say he pulled a muscle while moving boxes yesterday. But I dont know if I believe that. In fact, if you look closely, you can see the reason hes in a wheelchair is because his feet turned back into hooves a day before they were supposed to. That was not as it was agreed upon in the pact.President Bush is back in Texas, unemployed like much of the rest of America. Bush reportedly spent the day cataloging his papers, outlining his memoirs, and sketching out plans for his presidential library. Just kidding. He spent four hours seeing how many Reeses Pieces he could hold between his toes ? 38, it turns out.Actually, after going to ten inaugural balls last night and...dancing more than Cloris Leachman in nine weeks of Dancing With the Stars, the new president was up and in the office at 8:35 in the morning and then he was at church at 9:30. Is it a good sign that after one hour of being president, he decided the best thing he could do for the country is pray?Last night, while their parents were at the inaugural balls, Sasha and Malia Obama, the kids, had their own little party at the White House. They held a scavenger hunt for them and some other kids. ... And this is the best thing. At the end of the scavenger hunt, they opened door and in a closet waiting for them were the Jonas Brothers. True. I guess they did the same thing with the Bush twins back in 2000, only it was Motley Crue with a tray of Jell-O shots in the closet.President Barack Obama introduced his foreign policy team today, including new Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ... Meanwhile, Bill Clinton is already in Ibiza judging a Hawaiian Tropics judging bikini contest.Also yesterday, President Obama had to have the oath of office readministered by Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts. You may remember, the first time they did it, it didnt take because they were both really drunk and screwed it up.The White House press corps is already complaining about the new press secretary, this guy Robert Gibbs. Theyre saying that hes not answering their questions. ... I think I know why the Obama Administration is being so secretive. They dont want anyone to know the truth -- that Barack Obama is Spider-Man.Theres big business popping up around Obama. Theres plates, coins, t-shirts, and now, the Chia company has immortalized him in clay. And what better way to honor a president than to have sprouts growing from his brain pan?Theres also a Chia Biden, where you take sprouts from the back of the head and you transplant them into the front.Today, President Barack Obamas first interview as president with an Arabic news network was aired. He told the mostly Muslim nations that America has changed and said if they unclench their fist, we will shake their hand. But theyre hesitant because Bush told them the same thing and then got them with a joy buzzer.Sen. John McCain has confirmed that as rumored, his wife Cindy was approached to compete on Dancing with the Stars, but they turned it down. I guess they figured the McCains have lost enough competitions already.Today is Oprah Winfreys 55th birthday. ... I feel bad for Stedman on Oprahs birthday. What do you get the woman who has her own president? Do you sacrifice a lamb or something? You cant make a mixed tape.The state Senate in Illinois stayed in session...today to finish the impeachment trial of Governor Rod Blagojevich, who decided to show up today. He spoke for 47 minutes before they were able to nab him with a butterfly net and some Aqua Net.Blagojevich showed that a high-ranking politician in the United States can be disgraced without hookers or gay sex in a public bathroom and I think thats refreshing, right?Meanwhile, our president, President Obama, will make his first trip overseas to Canada next month. Its an historic visit, not just because its his first foreign trip, but because hell be the first black person ever to visit Canada.Obama is going because Canada is such an important friend to the United States and because he always wanted to visit the birth place of Alan Thicke.I Dont know if this has anything to do with the fact that John McCain is from Arizona, but President Obama says he is rooting for the Steelers in Sundays Super Bowl. In fact, hes so confident that Pittsburgh is going to win, hes parlaying $100 million of the stimulus package on the Steelers and the under.Obama lashed out this week at big bonuses being paid to executives at banks that asked for bailout money. This is unbelievable! Banks that had to be bailed out by taxpayers paid something like $18 billion in bonuses to their executives. Obama called it shameful and the height of irresponsibility. He even called the banks to complain, but unfortunately, he wound up talking to a guy named Mahesh, who said there was nothing he could do. Obama then asked to speak to Maheshs supervisor, but he was put on hold for two hours before eventually getting disconnected. So this is a nightmare, really.Apparently, the President has a half brother named George Obama, who lives in Kenya, and George Obama was arrested on Saturday for possession of marijuana. He was walking around the village telling people his brother was the President, so they assumed he was high and arrested him.How great is that, though? One brother is the President of the United States, the other is a stoner in Kenya. If that...isnt a sitcom, I dont know what is.And by the way, is Africa really the place you want to get the munchies? It...isnt.Word out of the Senate tonight is that a deal has been reached on a $780 billion stimulus package. Its said to include a mixture of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, healthcare stipends, and ponies for everyone in America.The Senate has passed an $838 billion stimulus bill. That is just under $3,000 for each person in America. And heres how its going to work. On March 1st, every American will receive a roll of 30 $100 Obama stimulus coins. And you can either trade the coins with your friends or you can use them in special machines to buy stimulus nutrition bars.All the Democrats in the Senate and three Republicans voted for the stimulus bill. President Barack Obama says its going to take a lot of time before Republicans warm up to his many appeals for bipartisanship. The biggest hurdle, I guess, is how do you convince Republicans that being bipartisan doesnt mean you have to have sex with other dudes.President Obama today signed his trillion dollar economic stimulus Bill into law. The spending package passed through Congress with almost no Republican support, but Obama says hes still focused on bringing real bipartisanship to government. He even went so far as to send every Republican in Congress today a jar of peanuts, which I thought was nice.President Obama was in Arizona today, talking about his plan to help ease the home mortgage crisis. It seemed like a strange place to announce his plan, since most of the homes in Arizona are owned by John McCain.Obama has now addressed two of the three major issues that he said would have to be addressed in order to avert a financial disaster. The first was getting the stimulus package passed. The second was addressing the housing crisis and the third is to get all of us to eat our pets. And Ive got a cage full of hamsters that are starting to look absolutely delicious.A lot of individual states are having budget problems right now. California in particular is a mess. Governor Schwarzenegger cant get fellow Republicans to vote for his compromise plan because it includes a big tax increase. And hes already done everything he can possibly do to convince them. He told them hell be back, he said, Hasta la vista, baby. He even threatened to terminate them, several times, to no avail.As part of a plan to close his states budget deficit, New York Governor David Paterson is proposing a tax on Internet pornography. You see, this is why we cant have blind governors. I mean, no offense, but of course hes going to tax pornography. If he cant enjoy it, nobody can. Whats next, a tax on rainbows?President Obama made his first trip abroad today. He visited Canada, and let me tell you something: If Obama can finally mend our relationship with Canada, well then well know this guy really is on to something.Yesterday, Eric Holder, who is our first African-American attorney general, told the Justice Department that when it comes to race, America is a nation of cowards. You know, hes right. I will admit that there are certain things that I would be afraid to say to a black person, like, Hey, Queen Latifah, you arent all that.President Obama gave his first speech to a joint session of Congress tonight. Obama focused on the three most critical things he wants Americans to understand: First, that the economy is in a lot of trouble; second, that the road to recovery wont be easy; and third, that its all President Bushs fault.Obamas speech was televised on all the networks. Fox had to move American Idol tonight to accommodate it, which is outrageous. But thats why it was smart that Obama opened by singing with Livin on a Prayer. Even Simon liked it.Last night, our President delivered his first State of the Union address. ... It was very well received. In fact, theyre saying it was the best State of the Union address ever delivered by an African-American president.Obama said that we can overcome this crisis if were all willing to work hard and make sacrifices. So, in other words, were screwed.George W. Bush is doing pretty well for a retiree. Our former president will hit the lecture circuit next month for a reported $150,000 per speech, which seems like a lot to pay to hear someone who cant speak give a speech.Actually, its a $150,000 for Bushs speech and an extra 25 grand if you want to throw shoes at him.You know, things are...not going swimmingly in the state of New York. The governor, David Paterson, who is legally blind, just announced a shakeup of his staff. Paterson had had a tough time running the state and hes hoping that changes in his cabinet will bring about a happy ending to his time in office. Although, of course, a happy ending is pretty much what brought down the last guy.Here in California, Governor Arnold Schwarzeneggers approval ratings have been down lately. People seem to be having second thoughts about having elected a robot to run the state.President Obama today said he believes American children should go to school longer, either staying later in the day every day or longer into the summer if we want to stay competitive with other countries. The President said we cant stick with a school calendar that was created during a time when most Americans were farmers. And hes right. We need a new school calendar for a time when most Americans are unemployed.In honor of St. Patricks Day, the water in the fountains at the White House today was dyed green, which might be the only green a lot of Americans see this year so enjoy it.This morning, the President was gifted with a bowl of shamrocks from the Irish prime minister. It is a tradition, I guess. They do it every year, but what they dont do every year -- and I thought this was a clever idea -- is transplant those shamrocks into the Vice Presidents forehead.They had a big St. Pattys Day party at the White House tonight with corned beef and cabbage, green beer -- the whole thing. Its an important part of Obamas everybody get drunk and forget about the economy policy.Everyone had a nice time, but I guess things got ugly for a second when Ben Bernanke, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, mistook Dennis Kucinich for a leprechaun and tried to choke him for his gold.In...worthless drain on taxpayer money news, insurance giant AIG is on the hot seat because after they took billions of dollars in bailout money, they gave $165 million out in bonuses to their executives. So now, lawmakers are demanding that they give the money back. The problem, though, is that legally theyre entitled to the money so its a dilemma. But I have an idea I think might satisfy all of us and also adhere to the letter of the law. ... I say, instead of mailing the bonus checks to their houses, we put rocks on them and we put them at the bottom of an enormous piranha tank. We set it up in the middle of Times Square. You want the money, swim. There it is.This morning, the First Lady, Michelle Obama, celebrated spring by breaking ground on a new vegetable garden at the White House. She said she did it to help educate children about healthy, locally grown food and to help her own family survive the coming economic apocalypse.Tonight, President Barack Obama held a news conference on all the channels in primetime to talk about the economy. Apparently hes unaware that were trying to pick an American Idol.Obama also repeated his support for Treasury Secretary Geithner, who unveiled his plan yesterday for the government to buy up the so-called toxic assets from troubled banks and sell them to China, which will then make them into childrens toys and that should solve the problem entirely.Today was the first day of Secretary of State Hillary Clintons two-day trip to Mexico. She spent today with President Felipe Calder?n, discussing the drug violence thats been spilling over from Mexico into the United States. And then she flew to Cancun to look for Bill. Hes been missing. Spring break. What are gonna do?Theres a new tax on tobacco -- 62 cents a pack. It goes into effect tomorrow. Its the biggest Federal tax hike on cigarettes ever. Ironic that they would hike taxes on people who cannot hike.President Obama is asking all of us to pitch in. He says even if only 10 percent of us smoke only one pack a day, we can cut this deficit in half.President Obama is in London right now for a meeting with 19 other world leaders. This morning, he and the First Lady met Queen Elizabeth at Buckingham Palace. He gave her an iPod as a gift, which is perfect. Now she can listen to Lil Wayne on the treadmill without anyone bothering her.The President of the United States and the First Lady...are in France right now. And I wouldnt be surprised if they stay because Obama has been the subject of huge emotional welcomes everywhere hes gone in Europe. Hes been over there for this G20 summit. People love him, partly because hes an extremely charismatic guy and partly because President Bush really teed it up for him. I mean, its like if The Who suddenly came on stage after two hours of Michael Bolton.Heres some important health news for parents and for babies who do their own shopping. A study done by the US Center for Disease Control just found that baby formula contains unsafe levels of a chemical used in rocket fuel. Now, Im not a doctor but my guess is that rocket fuel is probably not good for babies.This pirates stuff is unbelievable, but the Obama Administration...is getting high marks for the way they handled the rescue situation this weekend, or the military did. But with all the problems we have right now, who would have guessed that on top of everything else our new president would have to deal with pirates? Whats next? A dragon? Ghosts?Scott MacIntyre, a blind contestant, was recently voted off American Idol. But he still has an inspirational story. He showed that in this country, even someone who cant see can grow up to finish eighth on American Idol, and who knows, may even become governor of New York if the previous governor gets...caught with a hooker.Some Americans did a very dumb thing today. They had tea party protests. Theyve been mailing tea bags to Congress to I guess express their dissatisfaction with taxes and government spending because nothing shakes a politician up like a complimentary bag of tea. Hey if you dont straighten up next year, crumpets, buddy.President Obama is in Mexico right now. So if you want to break any laws or anything, this is the time to do it.The President arrived in Mexico City this morning to discuss border security, drug-related violence, and to officiate at a wet t-shirt contest. Its spring break for him too, you know.Part of the reason the President is there is to help stop the massive flow of drugs into America. Obamas basic message is, Stop selling us the stuff, no matter how much we pay you. And I dont know if its going to work.Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is still paying off her $6 million debt for her unsuccessful presidential campaign. And theyre doing it by auctioning off a number of things, including a chance to spend a day with former President Bill Clinton in New York City, which I think technically makes Hillary a pimp, doesnt it?Scientists in London are saying that the blame for global warming may go to fat people. They say the average fat person emits a ton more carbon dioxide than the average thin person. So in other words, the reason for global warming is people like Al Gore, right?Happy Earth Day to everyone. ... President Obama celebrated Earth Day by flying his enormous plane to Iowa today to visit a wind power plant. There was a huge crowd on hand to greet him, partly to hear him talk about the importance of reducing our dependency on fossil fuels and partly to show their kids what a black person looks like.On our science beat tonight, scientists in South Korea have created a dog that glows in the dark. Finally. Well be right with you, cancer and AIDS. We are very busy illuminating this beagle.Hi, Im Jimmy. Im the host of the show. Lets make this quick. I have to get back into my quarantine bubble.So far, the swine flu has been identified in at least 19 countries. Hardest hit of all is Mexico, so everyone in that country looks like Michael Jackson, with the face mask.To help contain the spread of the disease, the US government is trying to discourage Mexicans from coming into the United States, which is pretty much what they have been doing for like the last 40 years. So that plan doesnt work.They traced the origin of the new strain of swine flu back to one little piggy who went to market when he should have stayed home.Someone at the White House made a big mistake yesterday. They flew Air Force One right over the city of New York, which scared the hell out of a lot of people. Thousands of people panicked. Some of them even evacuated their office buildings, and it was all because they wanted to get a picture of the Presidents plane next to the Statue of the Liberty. We have the first president ever who can use Facebook, but his staff does not know how to use Photoshop.Today marks 100 days of President Obama being in office, which is a big deal because 100 days is when his warranty runs out. We couldnt return him now if we wanted him to.Sports fans are being asked to stay home in Mexico because the flu spreads in large crowds. In New York, theyre trying a similar thing at Yankee Stadium by making sure the prices for tickets are so high that no one can afford them.More than 300 schools in 14 states are closed now, 200 in Texas alone. The swine flu is like a new snow day. I would be delighted if I was a child at this time.But whenever something like this flu happens, its important, I think, to find someone to point the finger at and usually the person whos responsible is the person who stands to benefit from it. So that is why Im blaming the people at Purell for the swine flu. They started this. I know they did it and if theyd just come clean, I think wed all forgive them, right?The government does not want us to call it the swine flu. Theyre calling it the 2009 H1N1 virus. The reason for the change is they want people to know you can still eat all the pork you want without any risk to your health, except diabetes, obesity and heart disease.In business news after receiving billions of dollars in government bailout money, the company Chrysler ended up filing for bankruptcy protection today. Chrysler was founded in 1923 by Walter P. Chrysler, but it really took off under his younger brother, Jesus H. Chrysler, whos I guess like some kind of marketing genius.For those of you who are unfamiliar with the swine flu, its very similar to the regular flu, but...with just a hint of prosciutto.Its important to keep this sort of thing in perspective and not go crazy. The swine flu seems to be all anyones talking about, but the truth is...something like 2 million people die from Pac-Man Fever every year alone and you barely hear a word about it.Happy Cinco de Mayo to uno and all. ... Cinco de Mayo is actually a bigger holiday here in the United States than it is in Mexico because we have more Mexicans here than they do there.President Obama attended an early Cinco de Mayo event at the White House yesterday, but he mistakenly greeted guests with the phrase, Welcome to Cinco de Cuatro, which means five of four. Maybe its the White House itself that makes people dumb.Oprah had a big sit-down interview today with Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of former presidential candidate John Edwards. This is her first interview since her husband...admitted to having an affair, but on the bright side, Oprah gave her a car.What a scandal weve had brewing here in the Golden State. Youre not going to believe this, but Miss California, a beauty contestant, posed for naked pictures. Her fate was decided by Donald Trump, who owns the Miss USA pageant. Trump says Miss California can keep her crown. Actually, her trouble...started when she stated her opposition to same-sex marriage. And after noting that even President Obama does not support same-sex marriage, Trump pointed out that he personally...believes that marriage is a sacred institution between a man and a series of progressively younger women.Former Vice President Dick Cheney has been in the news a lot this week, attacking President Obama. For eight years, this Dick Cheney never said two words, now all of a sudden hes like Regis, all over the place. Hes been making so many speeches lately Im starting to think hes not really dead.In competing speeches today, President Obama said the US went off course with practices like waterboarding. Cheney retaliated by saying he doesnt regret any of the decisions he made, and if he had to do it all over again, he would order President Bush to do exactly the same thing. And then he ate a baby.If you heard the news today, you know that the state of California is officially out of money. We have no money -- one day without Leno, everything goes to hell around here.Governor Schwarzenegger this morning said the day of reckoning is here, but he said it with a funny accent, which means either he has a new movie called The Day of Reckoning thats here this weekend or were screwed. Im not sure.They actually had to cancel summer school, because we have no money to pay for it. Most summer school programs in LA have been cancelled. Its part of a new program theyre rolling out called Leave No Child Ahead.Not only are we out of money, were running out of water, too. Southern California is in the middle of another drought. The Department of Water and Power this week announced that you can only turn your sprinklers on on Monday and Thursday and that the fire department is only going to be putting out fires on Wednesdays and Saturdays, I think.Tonight was the first of the two-night NBC News special called Inside the Obama White House. They had 150 cameras inside the White House. Basically, it was Cribs hosted by Brian Williams.And it was a fascinating look at the inner workings of the White House. For instance, did you know the White House has its own Build-A-Bear Workshop? I didnt.Former Vice President, current Wal-Mart greeter Dick Cheney, surprised everyone in a speech yesterday when he said that he supports a states right to legalize gay marriage. And it only took 11 seconds on the waterboard to get him to say it.Cheney also revealed that he has the largest Faberg? egg collection in the world.Actually, Cheney has a gay daughter and he said that in his mind, freedom means freedom for everyone. And then he snarled and bit an infant, but I think it was an accident.Have any of you been watching this show, Inside the Obama White House? Its a reality show, set in the White House. Twenty five women and Brian Williams compete for Barack Obamas love. And Congress votes them out one by one.The Obamas gave NBC News unprecedented behind the scenes access to the inner workings of the White House. Last night, we got to see Obama buy a hamburger, which was interesting. Wherever Obama went, Brian Williams went with him. They showered together a couple of times and they drove around together.The state of California is out of money, so if you have some, please send it to us.Its NBA Finals night. Game one, at ling last. The Lakers and Magic did battle tonight at the Staples Center. President Obama is said to be monitoring the situation very closely. Hes calling on both sides to show restraint and work towards peace.But President Obama was in Egypt today addressing the Muslim world from Cairo University. Reaction to his speech was mixed. After it, some said, Death to America, others said, Die, American dogs.Iranian and some Palestinian officials dismissed his speech as all talk, which -- I mean, it was a speech. Do you want magic tricks?Some controversy today surrounding Miss California, Carrie Prejean. Shes the one who said she was against same-sex marriage. Some wanted her to be stripped of her title because of it, but Donald Trump, who owns the pageant, said no, shes entitled to her opinion and shell remain Miss California. Well, today he fired her, which is what he does, I guess. ... My money says shes a Fox News anchor by the -- by now. By right now.Hi, everyone. Im Jimmy, Im the host of the show. Before we go any further, I want to just take a minute to apologize for some jokes Im planning to make about the Palin family tonight. They are in extremely poor taste and I know that I will regret saying them.Hey I want to be...among the last to offer congratulations to our hometown Los Angeles Lakers. On Sunday, they won the NBA championship. ... There was some vandalism near the Staples Center after the Lakers won. You probably heard about it. Some people even torched vehicles, but they were mostly GM dealers.President Barack Obama has been on TV more than Regis lately. He was all over NBC the week before last. Next week, hes doing a two-hour, primetime town hall here on ABC. ... But if...we didnt want our President on TV all the time, maybe we shouldnt have elected Oprahs boyfriend.This is a crazy story. Fidel Castro, the former Cuban dictator, has a son named Antonio. Thats not the crazy part. The crazy part -- for eight months, Antonio Castro carried on an online affair with what he thought was a beautiful Colombian woman. That woman turned out to be a man, a Cuban activist who lives in Miami. And he was pretending to be ? its especially fun because the Internet is difficult to access in Cuba. To get online in Cuba, you know, you have to give -- I think you have to give five fish to a guy who has ColecoVision hooked up to a 1958 Impala.President Obama is getting a lot of criticism from PETA, you know, the Psychotics for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. Theyre taking issue with the fact that he killed a fly. For real. ... PETA said he should have captured the fly and taken it outside, which would have been a great message to send to North Korea.I dont know how flies got on PETAs do not kill list, but they have. And I say let he who is without a stain on his windshield that used to be a moth cast the first stone.The White House, though, doesnt like confrontation. You know, they like to work things out. So as a gesture of goodwill, they have relocated the flys family to the Rose Garden, where they are now living on a fresh pile of Bo Obamas dog droppings. So thats nice.If you havent seen the video, it is pretty impressive. Reminds me of the time our previous president killed a worm with his tricycle.Our secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, is in a cast. She fell and fractured her elbow. Fortunately, her scowl broke the fall, so she is okay.Everyone at the White House is concerned about her, and to wish her well today, they flew a pantsuit at half mast.Some massive protests continued today in Iran. Hundreds of thousands of people swarmed the streets to protest what they believe was election fraud in the re-election of President Mahmoud A Members Only Jacket.Hey, did any of you watch Jon & Kate Plus 8 on Monday night? ... They did not stay together, and according to the big ratings they got, there is nothing America loves more than watching a good old-fashioned divorce. ... Its really crazy how much attention this is getting. ... Youd...pretty much have to sneak out of the governors mansion and spend six days holed up in Argentina with your mistress not to have heard about it.Needless to say, this not great news for the Republican Party. So many prominent Republicans have been caught in these types of situations lately: Mark Sanford; Larry Craig; David Vitter; John Ensign from Nevada. And you want to know why this is happening? The gays. Thats right. Theyve destroyed the institution of marriage and now this is what we get.If youre planning a trip to North Korea, dont go. The North Koreans are accusing us of trying to start another war, and theyre saying that they will wipe us out if we do. Theyre probably kidding though, right? They have a good sense of humor about this sort of stuff. I think North Korea would be friendlier to us if we start calling them NoKo.President Obamas Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor...had her second day in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee today. I guess they have to do that in order to be confirmed to the Supreme Court. Her confirmation is pretty much a forgone conclusion, but even the leading Republican said the only way she would not be confirmed is if she had a meltdown, in which case shed be named the governor of Alaska.Barack Obama threw out the first pitch at the baseball All-Star Game last night. And I know the President is busy, but he really needs a personal shopper. Once again, Obama appeared in public in a pair of heavily starched, stonewashed jeans with a big crease down the front of them, as if...his mom had ironed them or something.Here in California, we have no money. Our budget situation is a mess. And when you have no money, what do you do? You sell drugs, right? A state representative from San Francisco just introduced a bill that would legalize marijuana. He claims it would raise almost $1.5 billion a year for the state in taxes, and...another $3 billion in Cheeto sales.The newly re-elected president of Iran, Mahmoud Amembersonlyjacket, has been ratcheting up the anti-US rhetoric lately. ... Yesterday, he said Iran will strike you in the face so hard you will lose your way home, which really sounds like a line from The Bernie Mac Show or something.President Obama held another press conference tonight, preempting all the major networks again. He does this every week now. Its time for Oprah to give him a show.And the White House actually -- this is true -- rescheduled the President. They moved it up an hour from 9:00 to 8:00 because NBC complained it would interfere with Americas Got Talent. So in other words, the President of the United States moved his press conference to accommodate a show David Hasselhoff is on. I think Clinton did that for Baywatch once.The focus was on the national healthcare plan that is working through Congress. He needed to made a strong case tonight -- 50% are in favor of the universal healthcare and the other 50% have coverage.The Republicans had been running a surprisingly effective campaign against the proposal for national healthcare, but the President found a very clever way to get them on board. Behind the scenes, he offered a key provision that would provide free breast implants for their girlfriends.Did you watch President Obamas press conference last night? Well, boring. Let me tell you. I know hes our president so I shouldnt say this, but if he loves this healthcare proposal so much, why doesnt he marry it?President Obama tried to get a fire going under the lawmakers before the August recess, which is when they take a one-month break in order to visit their girlfriends in South America.But the chances of getting a vote on the bill done by August doesnt look good. Right now, its being held up in the Senate by a group of conservative-leaning Democrats called Blue Dogs. I never heard of this. Theyre called blue because theyre from blue states and dogs because they roll over for the healthcare lobby. And also, they eat their own poop.North Korea today launched another attack, but this one of a personal nature against our secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. Youve got to love North Korea. Theyre a great villain. They say crazy things, their leader looks like Ethel Merman, all their missiles are named Dong; theyre the best.Hey, maybe you heard about this. Its been in the news a lot lately, more than you might expect, actually. Apparently, there is a group of Americans who do not believe that Barack Obama was born in the United States and therefore should not be president. Theyre called birthers. They are. The birthers want Obamas election to be invalidated, which, Im not sure what their goal is. Are they aware that Joe Biden would be the President?But Kenya makes no sense. Listen, if Barack Obama had been born in Kenya, dont you think Madonna would have adopted him by now?They actually make a very convincing case. As far as we know, the only evidence that President Obama was born in Honolulu, where he claims he was born, is his word. And this birth certificate, that says Barack Hussein Obama II was born in Honolulu on this date, August 4, 1961, Obamas birthday, with this raised seal from the state of Hawaii, and this signature from the Hawaii state registrar and confirmation from the current director of the Hawaii Department of Health that the certificate is legitimate, plus this birth notice in a Hawaii newspaper from 1962, and this birth notice from a different Hawaii newspaper on the same day. But other than that, there is no evidence that Barack Obama was born in the United States. For all we know, the guy could be from the moon. Oh, and, they have this picture of baby Obama being delivered by Don Ho, but other than that...In fact, after reading through all these websites, Im no longer convinced that I was born in the United States of America.The President is busy trying to get his healthcare plan through Congress. I thought this was interesting. Obama pointed out that most other Western countries pay about half what we do for healthcare and get the same or even better outcomes, though opponents of the plan point out that people in those countries sometimes have to wait in line for care, which Americans...would never accept. Here, we only wait in line for stuff thats important, like iPhones and Grand Theft Auto 4.And big news up in Alaska. Sarah Palin will formally step down as governor on Sunday, leaving us completely unprotected from the Russians.Palin announced her retirement a couple of weeks ago without exactly saying why. Ordinarily when you quit a job like this, you give a reason like I was just caught in a restroom soliciting gay sex, or I was just caught banging a thousand dollar hooker, or I was just caught sneaking to Argentina to have sex with my girlfriend, -- oh, wait, that guy actually didnt resign, but you get the idea.Her decision to resign has resulted in an 18-point drop in her approval rating among Americans, and a 52-point drop among terrified moose.Who watched the season finale of The Bachelorette last night? .... It came down to a choice between computer consultant Ed and in a surprise twist, South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford, who gets around.Pardon me if I slur a little tonight. I have been at the White House, doing beer bongs with the President.You know, President Obama had his so-called beer summit at the White House this evening. It was a chance to sit down with Dr. Henry Louis Gates, the Harvard professor who was arrested after breaking into his own house, and Sergeant James Crowley, the policeman who arrested him. And there was one awkward moment, they say, when Crowley asked Obama for some ID, but he was just kidding it turned out.Vice President Biden showed up too. I did not know he was going to be a part of it. I guess they wanted to even things out racially.But they sat around a table in the Rose Garden, and drank. And Im starting to think the President cooked this whole thing up because he didnt want to ask Michelle if he could have a poker night or something.Tomorrow morning will heretofore be known as Racial Harmony Hangover Day.And I guess next week, Obama is going sit down with Jon and Kate to see if he cant patch that up too.Last night, Im sure you heard, President Obama had the Harvard professor and the police officer who arrested him over to the White House to talk and, more importantly, get stinking drunk together.This is interesting. Apparently, Joe Biden was upset that Obama had put his foot in the mouth by saying the Cambridge police acted stupidly because thats normally his thing. And Obama stole it.But they had a beer or two or three or maybe four. And then, I guess things really got wild. About 2:30 this morning, Obama declared war on Iceland because he decided it wasnt icy enough.The White House is big, and it can be very a confusing place when youre buzzed. Apparently, the President woke up this morning spooning Rahm Emanuel.I want to say happy birthday today to Barack Obama. The President just turned 48 years old, if he was ever really born, that is.I guess it all depends on whether you believe his birth certificate or not.But Obamas birthday is a reminder of why healthcare is so important. As you probably know, due to a lack of healthcare coverage, Obamas mother was turned away from a number of hospitals and was ultimately forced to give birth in a manger.I thought this was nice. The First Lady, Michelle Obama, got him a brand new pair of her jeans for his birthday.But what do you get for the man who has Oprah, you know?Meanwhile, former President Bill Clinton is on his way home from North Korea right now. He made a surprise visit to attempt to secure the release of two female American journalists -- two young, shapely, attractive female journalists who were imprisoned by North Korean police after they illegally crossed the border from China.And I dont know what exactly Clinton said to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il, but it worked because they released them. And I have to say it is nice to see Bill Clinton get a release hes not impeached for for a change. Right?The rumor is they made a deal. Kim Jong Il gave the women a special pardon and in return he got 20 pairs of Hillarys pantsuits. So, a little something to spruce up his wardrobe.So thats pretty impressive. Clinton goes over there, frees the prisoners, and brings them back. I mean, thats like Rambo, you know. And by the way now -- plenty of time for the ladies to say thanks on the long plane ride home.And May God help any nation that tries to kidnap Megan Fox!One thing I noticed from the pictures of the trip -- check this out ? heres Kim Jong Il, all right, seated there. And heres Mahmoud Amembersonlyjacket of Iran. The official uniform of the psychopathic leader is the khaki zip-up.This is something. Because of the economy, the Postal Service is being forced to close several hundred post offices around the country. ... The Postal Service is facing a $7 billion budget short fall this year. So in addition to closing the post offices, theyre also raising the price of a first-class stamp. It will now be $4,000. And its a shame to see people out of work, but I have to admit I am looking forward to hearing postal workers complain how slow the lines are at the unemployment office. Right?Bill Clinton, under cover of darkness, parachuted into North Korea with a knife in his teeth and a skull tattoo on his chest to rescue journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee. And it was a 13-hour flight home, during which, citing standard rescue protocol, Clinton gave both women mouth-to-mouth no less than 15 times.As the world is now aware, American Idol next season will go on without Paula Abdul. Her manager...walked away from the negotiating table this week because she supposedly wanted $20 million a year. Paula told the Associated Press today, At this point there are many wonderful things being offered to me. ... Shes right. There are a lot of openings for crazy women right now. Gosselin girlfriend, Octomom nanny, governor of Alaska is open.You know, you dont hear much about gold mining anymore, but yesterday, our Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill that will ban gold miners from using gas-powered tools to look for gold in rivers. Once again, its Arnold versus the machines.President Obama...is taking his summer vacation on Marthas Vineyard this week. ... Its a good time for the President to slip out of the town. The deficit is supposed to be a lot higher than people expected, the swine flu, as you know, is getting ready to kill us all and Regis is having a birthday party today, which means fire and possibly looting in New York.But the news has not been all bad. The Cash for Clunkers program was a big hit. ... It ended yesterday. The idea was if you have a car that guzzles gas, you can get $4,500 for abandoning it on the White House lawn, or something like that.And another Cash for Clunkers program, I guess theyre scheduling for like, six months from now, when the Minnesota Vikings try to trade Brett Favre.The original plan, you know, was to destroy these cars that people traded in just to get them off the road, but instead theyve decided to do something productive with them. Theyre going to donate the cars. Instead of piling them up in a junkyard, the government has decided to send them to Third World countries so that children who dont have cars can wear them as clothes. And I think that ? thats what they call a win-win.What a way to end the summer here in the United States. Theres a tropical storm headed towards the East Coast and the West Coast is on fire. ... The state of California, by the way, is $30 billion in debt and theres no way to pay it back. So what weve decided to do is just set it all on fire and collect the insurance.Meanwhile, President Obama is desperately trying to take a vacation, which is not working out so well. Yesterday, he did get a chance to take his daughters for a bike ride, but hes getting criticism because he wasnt wearing a helmet. ... And some people say that sets a bad example. But what people those people dont know is the President doesnt need to wear a helmet. ... Lets say Obama is riding his bike and lets say his bike hits a rock. He flies over the handle bars, but as soon as he does, his ears automatically extend like wings, flying him up, up to Heaven, where he gives Jesus a high-five and gently comes back to the ground. So no helmet necessary.I dont know if you remember. We threw Gray Davis, the former governor, out of the office because he wasnt running the state effectively enough. Now, were burning to the ground and holding garage sales on eBay to pay our bills. This is what we get for hiring cheap foreign labor.Meanwhile, in New York, Governor David Paterson has been busy for the last couple of weeks trying to shave off his beard. And he did it. He did it with Gillettes new Seeing Eye Razor.This makes Governor Paterson the first governor to get rid of his beard since former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey filed for divorce back in, I think, 06.This is unbelievable, our governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ... shows up to survey the damage and pats the firefighters on the back. Thats what governors do. But he has an uncanny ability to find dumbbells. He can walk into any burned down house and instantly find dumbbells.This is a crazy story. Have you heard about the guards at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan? ... You have to imagine when you go to work at a company called Whackenhut, there are going to be some shenanigans. They released some photographs and I thought it would be fun to play a game. These are real photographs. You guess whether it was taken at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan or during spring break on the Mexican riviera.I want to say happy Labor Day weekend. I hope you have a job to be off from on Monday.The economy getting worse. The Department of Labor today announced that unemployment is at a 26-year high of 9.7%, making this the most ironic Labor Day since 1983.Crazy. There are 15 million unemployed people in America and Michael Vick isnt one of them.President Obama is asking Americans to drive safely and not consume too much alcohol this Labor Day weekend. Boy, he really is just like Hitler, isnt he?President Obama gave his big pitch to a joint session of Congress tonight. A joint session of Congress is very rare. Its when the House and Senate get baked out of their minds and have a session of Congress.President Obama made his big healthcare address to a joint session of Congress last night. It went pretty well, except for one weird part in the middle of it when a congressman from South Carolina suddenly yelled out, You lie! Its amazing. This guy was able to sit through seven years of President Bush telling him everything in Iraq is fine, but -- without a peep -- but last night, he yells out, You lie!Even his fellow Republicans were horrified. He apologized immediately after the speech. He said he was watching Gossip Girls on his iPod and that Blair is such a bitch he just couldnt hold it in.You know that Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at President Bush? Well, he was released today after nine months in prison. ... He said he was tortured while he was in prison. This poor guy, they made him bathe every single day.After two months of intense review, a Homeland Security task force is expected to recommend that the Obama Administration keep the color coded terror alert system theyd been planning to get rid of. ... Actually, theyre considering going with...what theyre calling an underwear chart. White means you have nothing to worry about. Brown means were in trouble. Much easier and just as effective, I think.Right now, in Washington, DC...theyre holding something called the Values Voters Summit. This is a ...gathering of conservative activists. ... During the day, they get together and talk about values in politics and then at night, they sneak hookers up to their hotel rooms.Theres a new study. Theres a news study practically every day, but this one found that obese people ? the fat -- have 8% less brain matter...which means that overweight people arent as smart as thin people. Well no wonder the Olsen twins have so much money. Theyre geniuses.Barack Obama has been working hard to push his healthcare proposal. Obama still wants the bill to be bipartisan, but hes a realist, and given the near unanimous Republican opposition hes facing, now says hed be satisfied if the bill was just bicurious.The President has been making a lot of television appearances. On Sunday, he did all five morning news shows, which they say is a record for a president, and last night he was on with David Letterman. ... The President has been on so many shows lately, even Ryan Seacrest was like, Dude, slow down.Late last night, Obama was also on the Maury Povich show. Good news, turns out hes not the father. John Edwards is.Theres a report going around that John Edwards is getting ready to admit that he did father a child with that woman he had an affair with during his presidential campaign. According to The LA Times, one of his aides wrote a book proposal in which he claims Edwards convinced him to come forward and say he was the father of the child, which the guy did, even though he was married. ... Honestly...we should make this guy president. If he can convince a man to say he fathered a child he didnt, he could convince anybody to do anything, right? Come on, China, keep lending us money. Were good for it.This is all just speculation, you know. We dont know any of this actually happened and we wont be certain that the baby belongs to John Edwards until we see how the childs hair responds to blow drying.Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has a new book coming out. They say she finished the book ahead of schedule so they moved the release date up to November 17th. So, turns out she can finish something.The title of the book is Going Rogue, which is how some of John McCains advisers derisively describe what she did during the presidential campaign. The title is getting a mixed reaction. Some people like it, some people dont. And some think Going Rogue is a rip-off of Joe Bidens memoir, Going Rogaine, which came out like five years ago.You know hes not just the Vice President, hes also a client.Meanwhile, President Obama has an idea to make our country smarter. He wants to shorten summer vacation and extend the school year. And I dont want to be cynical, but clearly this is a back door deal for the powerful Tater Tot lobby.I miss our old President, who worked for more recess for children, not more school. Instead, we elected the...kid who reminds the teacher that she forgot to give the class homework. Thats no fun at all.This is an historic night. Tonight, for the first time in American history, we are preparing to attack the moon.The United States is bombing the moon tonight. NASA is honestly planning to fire a rocket-powered explosive into one of the lunar poles. See, this is what happens when your presidents slogan is Yes we can.This bombing expedition cost NASA $79 million. Do you have any idea how many Nicolas Cage movies you could make for $79 million? Almost one.If I was NASA, I would have auctioned the chance to fire the missile that blows up the moon on eBay, right? I mean, it would have paid for itself. Dude, who gets the push the button to explode the moon? Me, thats right.Sarah Palins first stop on her upcoming book tour will be none other than the Oprah show, which is nice. But shouldnt Sarah Palin be going on Maury first? No? No.President Obama yesterday struck back at the fat cats who took government bailout money. Many...of these CEOs and these top executives at the companies are still earning tens of millions dollars a year, even thought they took our tax money. But Obama now is ordering that their pay be slashed by up to 90%, and needless to say, the executives arent happy about it. ... And...in fairness to them, they point out that they destroyed the world economy last year, so, to take away their money this year isnt fair. They havent even destroyed the world economy once this year.There was big news at the White House today, where Annie Leibovitz much-anticipated family portrait of the Obamas was unveiled. The whole family looks great in it, especially Oprah.Annie Leibovitz is probably the most famous portrait photographer in the world. And shes taken some unbelievably great photographs, but I have to say, Im not quite sure she nailed this one. You know, they could fix that red eye thing. I dont know why they wouldnt.Anyway, besides posing for the family Christmas card, President Obama has been busy trying to craft a healthcare plan that will please both moderates and liberals. Yesterday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid sent up a trial balloon for a proposal that would allow the government to offer healthcare alongside private insurers. Unfortunately, there turned out to be a kid in that trial balloon. ... Dont worry, though, hes okay.Yesterday was the 25th anniversary of the release of...Terminator. Terminator is a movie we liked so much, we elected it governor here in California.And I have to say, its hard...to believe its been 25 years since Terminator came out, mostly because our governor never stops reminding us of it. He...mentions it pretty much every day.This weekend, President Obama declared a national emergency in response to the growing threat of swine flu. So I guess I better stop licking doorknobs for real this time.In response to Obamas declaration, the Republican leaders this morning came out in support of the swine flu ...Not really.We got more fun from out Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger today. Apparently when the Governor vetoes a bill, he sends a note along explaining his reasoning for the veto, which is a thoughtful thing to do, I guess. But in some cases he may have an ulterior motive, like this letter he sent a Democrat whod heckled him at an appearance earlier this month. The Governor likes to attach messages to the bills he rejects that explain his reasoning. But a message back to Assemblyman Tom Ammiano had a creatively placed insult in there, as well. ... The first letters in each line of the explanation apparently spelled out the f-word, followed by y-o-u. Well, you know, thats just the Austrian way of saying, Hasta la vista, baby.A lot of people have been noticing that president Obama is getting very skinny. Have you noticed this? ... And he is thin. If it wasnt for his ears hed weigh less than 100 pounds.Insiders say that Obama has been too busy to eat, which is a problem President Clinton never seemed to have.On Saturday night, the President and Mrs. Obama had a couple thousand kids at the White House and instead of candy, they gave out dried fruit. Thats great. You go to the White House, you stand in a security line for three hours, they give you a bag of prunes?I just want to mention, if anyone is here tonight for a flu shot, we ran out, so -- I accidentally drank them, so sorry.You know, they say one of the best ways to avoid the flu, swine or otherwise, is to stay away from large groups of people. So, were screwed, I guess.The Labor Department today announced that unemployment has reached a 26-year high. ... Economists blame most of it on Jon and Kate and the plus eight losing their TV show. Thats ten jobs right there.Sarah Palins new book came out today. ... Well, she did Oprah yesterday. She did GMA this morning. ... Having her out on the road is a nice break if you are a moose in Alaska.She said she was super excited to meet Oprah and also to hug a black person for the very first time.People see her as a candidate in 2012. Some people have started giving money to her campaign. For instance, she just received a very generous check from Barack Obama to run.Her book is number one on Amazon.com right now. ... Stephen King actually has the number two book. Very scary new book called Sarah Palin Becomes President.President Obama, our president, was in Beijing today for summit meetings and Chinese food. On Saturday, he was in Japan. He met with the Japanese emperor and empress, and in doing so, upset some conservatives because he bowed when he met them. The GOP said thats sends a bad message to the world, and theyre demanding that next time, Obama sweep the leg.The State Department says he was just following protocol and showing respect to local customs. Its the same reason he pulled the Canadian prime ministers jersey over his head and punched him with the one hand. They like hockey there. Its what they do.One of the people most bothered by Obamas bow was former Vice President Dick Cheney. He said no American president should bow to anyone. Dicks been unusually feisty lately. Hes like that when he gets a fresh battery in his pacemaker.But you know, President Bush never bowed to any foreign leaders. He...just held hands with them and also he kissed them...and then they shared a bunk bed. But that was different. That was for oil.Im Jimmy. Im the host of this show. Dont worry. I got the whole night planned out. Were going to have drinks, were going to have appetizers, and then were going to roast a moose and split it up between us. .... I got the recipe out of the new Sarah Palin book.Sarah Palins new book, Going Rogue, came out yesterday. ... Its getting a lot of attention, primarily because she spends a lot of the book settling scores with the media, the political elite, shes angry at the weather for raining on her once.And she goes after vegetarians, too. She asks, If God had not intended for us to eat animals, how come he made them out of meat? Its a really good question. Hey, wait a second. People are made out of meat, too! And so are cocker spaniels. I think the lesson is, dont go to Sarah Palins house for Thanksgiving dinner.She believes that women are held to a higher standard than men. She quotes Margaret Thatcher, who said, If you want something done, ask a woman. I guess thats why she asked a woman to write the book for her.In Washington, DC, today, the Senate paid tribute to West Virginia Senator Robert Byrd, who officially became the longest serving lawmaker in the history of Congress. He turns 92 on Friday. Hes still senating. His fellow senators honored him on the Senate floor. They were strongly urged to keep speeches brief, just in case.The reason our Speidi senses are tingling, Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt will be here to talk about their new book. It is ? I tell ya; its a major week for literature. Heidi and Spencer, Sarah Palin.The Sarah Palin tour made its top in Noblesville, Indiana, today. Her book, Going Rogue, is still at the top of Amazons best seller list, which is rare for a work of fiction.There is a waffle shortage on the way. Breakfast experts are predicting a shortage in the year 2010 after a flood damaged the Eggo factory. For real. Theyre saying that theres going to be a shortfall thats going to hit grocery stores somewhere around February. See now, if President Bush were still in charge, wed just invade Belgium and take their waffles, but we cant do that anymore and now were going to have to suffer.Sarah Palins book is still at the top of Amazons best seller list. Which is rare for a work of fiction, but its doing very well.After months of deliberation, our president, President Obama, tonight revealed his much anticipated plans for Afghanistan. Turns out hes decided to pave it over and make a Wal-Mart out of it.Speaking from West Point, New York, the President announced he will send 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan over the next six months and 2,000 additional troops to Tiger Woods mansion in Orlando. Peacekeeping forces.As you know, Afghanistan is strategically important to the United States because they control, like, 90% of the worlds supply of rubble, and we need that.Congratulations, I want to say, to former President Bill and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Their daughter, Chelsea, got engaged over the weekend. You know...when you have to decide whether or not to invite the brides father to the bachelor party? Thats going to be a tough call.Chelsea will marry her longtime boyfriend, investment banker Marc Mezvinsky. She must really love him, because Chelsea Mezvinsky doesnt exactly roll off the tongue.Everyone now is worried about global warming. Even former Hummer owners are worried. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who, as you may recall, was cast as governor of California in whats turned out to be the most expensive disaster movie of all time, is working with Google on a website to illustrate the potentially disastrous effects of climate change. But I think the one thing you should know, no matter how many uncertainties there are, California always will be back. Californians always say, Ill be back. Okay. ... No, we dont. You always say that. No one else does.As though things couldnt get any more awkward for Tiger Woods right now, he, this -- heres an unhappy coincidence from next months issue of Golf Digest. Check out the January issue of Golf Digest magazine. It features a picture of Tiger Woods as President Obamas caddie. The cover story is titled 10 Tips Obama Can Take From Tiger. Yeah, I dont think Obama is going to be taking any tips from Tiger.A better cover would have been this: 10 Tips Tiger Can Take From Clinton. Thats the guy he should be talking to.The one positive outcome of the suffering economy is seven million fewer people than last year will be subjected to an office Christmas party this year.There was some good news today. The unemployment rate actually went down slightly. I guess they hired a bunch of people to work at the unemployment office, which balanced it out.A man was arrested at the Mall of America yesterday for throwing tomatoes at Sarah Palin, or as Sarah Palin calls them, Italian apples.A California congressman named Joe Baca has announced hes no longer pursuing legislation that would have given Tiger [Woods] the Congressional Gold Medal. ... He released a statement saying, In light of the fact that Tiger has comported himself in a manner utterly lacking in character, dignity, and ethical integrity, I am withdrawing Tiger Woods from consideration for the Congressional Gold Medal and instead Im recommending that he run for Congress.The President and First Lady are getting criticism from the right today. I know, who could have seen this coming? But theyre getting criticism because they sent out the White House holiday card, and it says, Seasons Greetings on it, makes no mention of Christmas, and doesnt have a passage from the Bible in it like the ones the Bushes used to send out. But...actually, it does keep one beloved George Bush holiday card tradition alive, and that is the funny sound effect when you open the card. It wouldnt be Christmas without that.Santa Claus, as you know, has a plan to fly around the world to deliver toys to all the good little boys and girls. Unfortunately, its being blocked right now by Joe Lieberman.Oprah visited the Obamas at the White House on Sunday night for her Christmas at the White House special. Shes actually thinking of buying the White House, and so she was scouting it.Governor Schwarzenegger is in a bit of a feud with former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin right now. Theyre fighting about global warming. Palin says it isnt proven. Schwarzenegger said shes living in the Stone Age. And Palin really should know not to mess with Arnold Schwarzenegger. ... This guy has been systematically terminating women named Sarah for many years now.Its hard to believe theres only two weeks left in 2009. President Obama is already said to be hard at work on his New Years resolutions. His plan for 2010 is to do all the things he said he was going to do this year.Hey, this is interesting. After somebody threw a tomato at Sarah Palin during a book signing at the Mall of America, she went to another signing at a Costco in Utah, where they took all the tomatoes off the shelves. ... So instead she got hit by a three pound bag of frozen spinach ravioli.Did you hear about the guy that blew up his underpants? People are mad about that. I think its funny. I dont know. Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab. You would never guess hed be mixed up in something like this. Not Abdulmutallab.Fortunately his bomb didnt work how he wanted. He was tackled by a Dutch filmmaker, which, that had to be embarrassing. Tackled by a Dutch filmmaker.And conservatives have been criticizing President Obama. I guess they figure with ears like that he should have overheard something.You know, after the shoe bomber, they made us take off our shoes. Now, this underwear thing, could be a real problem.I wonder if mothers of terrorists tell their kids to wear clean underwear in case something great happens.Theres talk now we may have to go through these full body scanners, which would allow TSA screeners to see us, not exactly naked, but...close enough that every time Salma Hayek goes to the airport, theres going to be a line of guys in blue polyester blazers running to their posts.Congratulations to President Obama on becoming an uncle. His brother-in-law, Craig Robinson, and his wife just had a son in Oregon. Or so they claim. Lou Dobbs is demanding to see the birth certificate.The childs name is Austin Robinson. Next week, hell go before the Senate and if they confirm him, he becomes the official nephew of President Obama.They have an interesting tradition in the Obama family. Every new baby born into the Obama family is baptized by Oprah in a 24 karat gold tub full of angel tears.Sarah Palin is going to be a commentator for Fox News. Well maybe now she can afford to buy some clothes for Levi Johnston.Sarah Plain will be a regular contributor to Fox News. She signed a three-year contract, which means she should be there for, what, six months?President Obamas approval rating is down to 46%. ... But the White House has an idea for how to get it back up again. What theyre going to do is...bring back Bush and Cheney for a week.The Supreme Court today...ruled in a five votes to four decision that corporations can now spend as much as they want on political campaigns. In other words, if Exxon or Dow wants to support a candidate, they can give him or her as much money as they want. ... I cant see that having any negative repercussions, can you?The court ruled that corporations should be given the same right to free speech as people, which is ? I mean, corporations are not people, and if they were people, theyd be real jerks.Former presidential candidate John Edwards has finally admitted that he did father a love child with his former mistress, Rielle Hunter. ... How does that work? Do you still hand out cigars? ... Should I send something?And by the way, is love child really the best way of describing what happened? ... I think it was more of a seven gin and tonics child.He released a statement today. Edwards said, It was wrong for me ever to deny she was my daughter and hopefully one day, when she understands, shell forgive me. Hey, if she inherits that hair, whats to forgive?Its been raining here in Los Angeles all week. ... People are evacuating their homes in areas that are vulnerable to mudslides. Is it me or has this state had nothing but disasters since Arnold Schwarzenegger took over as governor?We may need to throw him into a volcano, because its getting ridiculous.According to The New York Times, the Taliban is trying to soften their image to appeal to the people of Afghanistan. And in fact, Mullah Omar, whose one of their managers, I think, issued a new code of conduct...which dictates that there will be no suicide bombings against Afghani civilians, no burning down schools, and no cutting off the ears, nose, or tongue. That seems reasonable to me.Well, tonight in Washington, President Barack Obama gave his...State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress. Joint session sounds like more fun than it is.The speech tonight was pretty much the same thing we hear over and over again, asking us...for patience and a willingness to sacrifice, things we are totally unwilling to do as Americans.But then after the President spoke, the Republicans gave their rebuttal, during which they pointed out that Obama has repeatedly failed to solve any of the problems they created under President Bush.Neither one of these parties cares as much about the country as they do about being the one who gets to run the country. Its a big waste, and its a big waste of air time that could be better spent on celebrities ice skating or conveyor belts of love, things like that.Today, by the way, is...Groundhog Day. ... And this morning, the groundhog known to humans as Punxsutawney Phil was ripped from his hole by men dressed like the mayor in Monopoly. ... The animal rights group PETA has asked the organizers of this ridiculous event to replace Punxsutawney Phil with a robot groundhog. ... You create one robot groundhog, and before you know it, they take over the planet, you have to send people back in time to exterminate them, and then we have no governor anymore. Its not a good idea.President Obama is getting more angry criticism today. Boy, this guy cant get a break. Apparently, though, he told a group of high school kids in...New Hampshire, and I quote, When times are tough, you tighten your belts. You dont go buying a boat when you can barely pay your mortgage. You dont blow a bunch of cash in Vegas when youre trying to save for college. You prioritize. And needless to say, people in Vegas are extremely upset. In fact, the mayor of Las Vegas said the President is not welcome in Las Vegas. ... I happen to agree with the mayor. How dare the President tell high school kids not to blow their college money in Las Vegas. Were in a recession right now. What about Siegfried? What about Roy? What about their tigers? The tigers cannot survive on eating magicians alone. ... They need money.Dont Ask, Dont Tell could be a thing of the past, very soon. The chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, Admiral Michael Mullen, says he believes gays should serve in the military, all gays, whether they want to or not.Here in California, our Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke about our states infrastructure yesterday. Or tried to. His English still isnt very good.President Obama has decided to skip the Winter Olympics in Vancouver. I think hes still mad they stiffed him in Chicago. But, they said it would be very expensive to arrange proper security for Obama, so theyre sending Vice President Joe Biden in his place. Because, you know, who cares?The President wont be at the Super Bowl either. In fact, in a show of some sort of spirit of cooperation, I guess, hes invited a group of top Republicans to watch the game with him at the White House on Sunday. ... That should be a lot of fun. Going to need a two-thirds vote before they pass him the Doritos.Tonight on 20/20, Barbara Walters sat down with the first lady of South Carolina, Jenny Sanford. Jenny Sanford is the estranged wife of Gov. Mark Sanford, who, as you may recall, went AWOL to visit a mistress in Argentina last summer. His wife has a new book out. ... In the book, she says that when they got married, she agreed to let him remove the promise to be faithful from the wedding vows. See, now, that -- that should have been a clue right there.She also says the Governor was a bit of a cheapskate and for her birthday, he gave her a drawing of...half a bicycle. And then for Christmas, she got a drawing of the other half and a $25 used bike. And then another birthday, he bought her a diamond necklace and then boxed it back up and returned it to the store. Fiscally responsible, you have to admit that.The first ever Tea Party Convention is going on right now in Nashville. The tea partiers are a group of Americans who think the government is too big and also like to party and have tea.And their featured speaker is Sarah Palin. ... They say shes getting $100,000 to be there: 98 grand for wardrobe, 2,000 to speak.Did you Sarah Palin at the Tea Party Convention on Saturday? Well, this is ? Im starting to love her, really. She...mocked President Obama for using a teleprompter and then, someone noticed...she had notes written on her hand. And she had the words energy, budget, with the word cuts crossed off, tax, and lift American spirits written on her palm.... It lifted my spirits, so -- mission accomplished, I guess.Writing stuff on your hand ? its not a good idea. Its actually why President Bush...invaded Iraq instead of Iran. He wrote it down, I guess he played, like, nine holes of golf, and...now here we are.Maybe Sarah Palin would be smarter if she had bigger hands.Actually, Sarah Palin is no dummy. This is actually a calculated move designed to promote her new book, Cheat Sheets and Moose Meats. Its a collection of recipes that that you can write in moose blood right on your hand.Sarah Palins also getting criticized because last week she demanded that Obamas chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, step down because he used the word retarded. But then, Rush Limbaugh did the same thing on his radio show and that, she said, was okay. Unfortunately, shes been unable to respond to the criticism because shes wearing mittens. ... Cold all over the country.The East Coast is covered in snow right now. ... Washington, DC, and Northern Virginia got almost 35 inches over the weekend. And may get 20 more inches tomorrow. ... Schools and businesses were closed. Theyre building snow-bamas all over the place.The Federal government was shut down today, and...they estimate it cost about $100 million in lost productivity. The House is literally stuck in the House, and they cant do anything. ... I have to admit, it is nice to see lawmakers shoveling something else for a change, isnt it?Most congressmen are actually...taking this opportunity with all the snow to spend some quality time with their mistresses.Today is the 31st anniversary of the Islamic revolution in Iran. President Mahmoud Amembersonlyjacket...celebrated by declaring that Iran is now a nuclear state. So thats good news. Mazel tov to them.Irans telecommunications agency announced a permanent suspension this week of all Google Gmail service. ... From now on, if you want to reach anyone in Iran, you have to use Faceburqa.The government announced that theyre going to start their own national email service as a way to build trust with the people, because if theres anyone you can trust with your email, its the Iranian government, of course.Today is also a day of celebration for Sarah Palin, who celebrated her 46th birthday today. Her family managed to hang streamers from the walls of the igloo, which is not easy to do.And let me tell you something. You have not been to a birthday party until youve seen Sarah Palin blow out 46 candles with an assault rifle.Im not sure what this says about us, but two new polls just came out. One of them found out that 70% of Americans support gays and lesbians serving openly in the military. And then another poll, by the same company at the same time, found that only 59% of Americans support homosexuals serving openly in the military. I guess it means that 11% of Americans dont know homosexuals are gay.The Winter Olympics are under way in Canada. ... They showed a lot of the biathlon, a combination of cross country skiing and shooting, which, to Sarah Palin, is called commuting.President Obama in Washington today met with the Dalai Lama, despite strong objections from the Chinese government. China considers the Dalai Lama a threat to their sovereignty and warned that if Obama met with him, it would damage US-Chinese relations. Theyve even threatened to stop sending us poisonous toys.The President smoothed things over by not holding the meeting in the Oval Office, which...I guess makes it more important, and by inviting Michelle Obamas momma, Johnny Drama, and Wilmer Valderrama in pajamas. So, theres no way that the Chinese can be angry at that.Im kind of embarrassed to say, I actually, and Im not kidding, I wish I was, set my alarm last night to make sure I was up in time for Tiger Woods apology. ... It was covered on pretty much every channel except the Food Network, I think. And the excitement surrounding this historic event could hardly be contained. Less than three hours before Tiger Woods speaks. ... Hes going to speak in exactly a minute and a half. Tiger Woods set to walk out now in about 40 seconds. I guess this is like the closest thing we get to the thrill of a space launch now that we cant afford NASA anymore.ABC News has learned that the Obama Administration has decided to given the war in Iraq, which is currently known as Operation Iraqi Freedom, a new name. Starting September 1st -- this is true -- the war will be known as Operation New Dawn. ... Its twice the grease-fighting power of the original Dawn. It will make your war spotless.It was a fun day for the head of Toyota USA today. He had to appear in front of Congress to be yelled at by men who dont do anything.I have to say, it was actually refreshing to see a car company CEO appear before Congress and not ask for $10 billion.Former Vice President Dick Cheney was rushed to the hospital in Washington, DC, yesterday with chest pains. Doctors say he -- oh. Lets just move on. Were not going to top that.Today, Congress held more hearings with the executives of Toyota. ... Akio Toyoda, the president of the...company and great-grandson of the company founder, came in from Japan to testify. This is a big deal, because this guy...is a notoriously private person. ... He rarely checks his Facebook account. Hes very private.He came to apologize, and I think he even offered to kill himself with a sword.Former Vice President Dick Cheney was released from the hospital today after being treated for a mild heart attack, his fifth heart attack. Next ones free.Something weird happened in the hospital. When they were putting the electrodes on him for the EKG, he suddenly started screaming, Stop! Ill tell you everything you want to know!Doctors have sent him home with strict instructions not to watch Keeping Up With the Kardashians anymore.President Obama today hosted a bipartisan healthcare summit in Washington, DC. He invited Democrats and Republicans together to debate the healthcare proposal. ... They met for a little more than six hours, which, coincidentally, happens to be exactly the average wait time at the emergency room if you were to go in with something bleeding.And Im happy to announce that no agreement was reached.I watched some of this healthcare summit. ... I dont feel any healthier at all. It may be time to send Seacrest in to get people to vote on this thing. It seems to be the only efficient decision-making system this country has, right?As difficult and contentious as this healthcare debate has been, there has been one big upshot. And that is, our Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, got to go on The Early Show this morning to say this. Remember, with healthcare reform, Teddy Roosevelt talked about healthcare reform in 1912. ... Thats the word twelve and wolf combined. Hes been going to his numbers class, but theyre only up to eight.Tonight on American idol, four karaoke singers, two men and two women, were sent home, assuming their homes werent foreclosed on while they were gone.What is being called a strong-willed storm blasted through New York and New England today. Millions of people were unable to get where they used to work.Congratulations to Simon Cowell. He got engaged. He got down on one knee and told his new fianc?e shes the least horrific person he knows. I would not want to be the band that plays that wedding reception, though. His girlfriend is a 36-year-old makeup artist from Afghanistan. And shes now worth more than Afghanistan.People magazine has confirmed that former President Clinton called Tiger Woods to offer his support during the ordeal. For real. They have things in common, I guess.Its a nice thing to do, a nice gesture between two, you know, kindred spirits. It actually reminds me of the time President Bush called Homer Simpson after Homer stapled his face to a doughnut.I dont know which conversation I would rather hear, Bill and Tiger or Elin and Hillary on the phone together.Theres a story today in the entertainment trade papers that Sarah Palin is shopping a reality show with the producer of Survivor, Mark Burnett. Thats why she quit being the governor of Alaska. I find it strange that Sarah Palin would be shopping a reality show considering the fact that she hasnt shown much interest in reality.Well, you know, an historic day in Washington, DC, today. The first ever legal same sex marriages took place. ... Of course many conservative members of the Senate and the House are outraged. They believe its immoral for men to engage in sexual intercourse unless one of those men is a congressman and the other is his intern.If anything, milk should be suing for being associated with Lindsay Lohan.Tiger Woods is reportedly ready to return to golf, possibly in two weeks in Orlando. ... According to The New York Post, Tigers hired former President Bushs press secretary, Ari Fleischer to help with his PR campaign. ... Is that the guy you want in charge of your approval rating? Id hire Clintons guy. Thats the one with some experience in that particular area.President Obama won one of the great ? theyre calling it ? the great legislative victories of the last 50 years last night. He won healthcare reform approval to extend coverage to millions of uninsured Americans, or as the Republicans are calling it, Armageddon.Anti-healthcare reform protesters outside the Capitol were down right vicious. They yelled the...n-word at black legislators. They yelled the f-word at gay legislators, the w-word at Latino legislators. It was like the Sesame Street of hate out there.Personally, I think its great. Maybe now, I can finally get a gynecologist to see me.Tonight was the season premier of season 10 of Dancing with the Stars. Its a smaller cast, including Buzz Aldrin, whose wife commented on his chances to win. I dont think people realize Buzz is a risk taker. They dont? He went to the moon, you know, first. In a Toyota, by the way.Buzz Aldrin, by the way, is 80 years old. How crazy would it be if one of the first men on the moon was killed in a dancing accident?This morning, President Obama signed into law the healthcare bill that was passed by the House of Representatives on Sunday. ... The Republican Party is not happy about the bill. Sen. John McCain told a radio show yesterday that the bill was done in quote, the most unsavory Chicago sausage-making that hes seen in all his years. First of all, I can say from experience that there is nothing unsavory about Chicago sausage. It couldnt be more savory, in fact. And thats not a liberal or conservative point of view. Thats an American statement right there, a fat American statement.McCain also said that there will be no cooperation from Republicans for the rest of the year. So that should be good for the country.What a shame to see all that cooperating end, you know? This is like the coyote announcing hes no longer cooperating with the road runner.This is kind of crazy. I dont know if I believe this. A new Harris poll found that 57% of Republicans believe President Obama is a Muslim ? 57%. Forty-five percent believe he was not born in the United States. Thirty-eight percent feel hes, quote, doing many of the things that Hitler did. And 24% believe he may be the Antichrist. Oh, like Oprah would date the Antichrist.Thats ridiculous: 38%...believe hes like Hitler? How is that possible? He doesnt even have a mustache. How could he be like Hitler? Did Hitler play basketball? No, seriously, did Hitler play basketball?Former Governor Sarah Palin has been very busy. Shes been campaigning for select Republicans, including John McCain, whos in the middle of a tough Senate race in Arizona. How does he introduce her? And now, the young woman who cost me the Presidency, Sarah Palin!Thursday is Census deadline day. ... The census would like every resident of the United States to fill out their form and mail it in. If you dont know how many people live in your house, just count the number of iPods.And remember, you know, the Census Bureau sends a Census taker to any home that doesnt reply by mail. So unless you want to have a conversation with another human being, you better get that in.President and Mrs. Obama hosted the annual White House Easter Egg Roll today. Dozens of children gathered on the White House lawn to roll eggs towards a finish line while the President cheered them on and Republicans tried to block them.As you probably know, Michelle Obamas pet project is raising awareness of childhood obesity, so they didnt just roll eggs this year. They rolled a few fat kids to make an example of them.Then later this afternoon, the President threw out the first pitch at the season opener for the Washington Nationals. You know, baseball has started again. The last time the President...threw out a first pitch was at the All-Star game last year, which was notable, mostly because he was wearing his famous mom jeans when he did it.Wisely, the President decided to donate those lady pants to the Smithsonian. And today, he sported a pair of gray slacks. The pants were better but the pitch wasnt. That was more like a free throw than a pitch. Maybe his pitching power was stored in that pair of mom jeans, and now, like Samson without his pony tail, his strength is gone.We may have another Oprah on our hands. Since leaving her job as the governor of Alaska...Sarah Palin has made more than $12 million. That is a lot of money for someone who cant say words that end in g.And they say $12 million is conservative estimate. She may have made a lot more, and yet, she continues to blame Obama for the bad economy. It seems -- weird, right?The figure is a little bit misleading because most of that money is Alaskan currency, which is primarily made up of pelts and shiny rocks.Here in California, our attorney general...said hes going to investigate whether a university foundation that hired Sarah Palin to give a speech violated public disclosure laws. They had some controversy. Some students found her contract rider in a dumpster. That is a list of demands a performer has when they appear somewhere. Usually you see them for, like, rock stars, but Sarah Palin has one, I guess. ... Among other things, Palins rider requires two first class tickets from Alaska or a private jet from Alaska, nothing smaller than a Lear 60, and it has to have a window she can shoot out of.She has to have three hotel rooms, a wooden podium, not Plexiglas, two bottles of water, and best of all, I think, a supply of bendable straws. This is a complicated woman. On one hand, you know, shell blow a mooses head off at 300 yards, but on the other, bendy straws.Tomorrow, President Obama will be in Florida to announce his vision for Americas space program. The rumor is that he is going to reverse President Bushs space policy, which centered around sending a giant caulk gun to the moon to fill all the craters up.The first man on the moon, Neil Armstrong, sent a letter to Obama criticizing him because hes expected to cut funding for manned space flights. And he even helped spearhead this ad campaign that I guess is designed to convince President Obama to change his mind on this. ... For nearly half a century, the United States has been a world leader in exploring the final frontier: First to the moon, inspiring a nation, and paving the way for countless advancements in science. President Obamas plan to cut NASAs budget means never again will Americans see astronauts suck Jell-O through a straw, eat floating bananas, or doing funny experiments with a frog. Write President Obama. Dont let these super fun times come to an end. This message paid for by astronauts who love super fun times in space. Powerful stuff.As you probably know, the volcano on the tiny island of Iceland has shut down air traffic. ... President Obama had to cancel his trip to Poland. President Obama said he hopes the volcano will stop smoking soon and the volcano said the same thing about him.The ballad of the unstoppable monkey continues. ... Theres a monkey in Florida that escaped from somewhere. Nobody seems to know where. But its been running wild for a year. No one can catch it. They tried to trap it. They shot it with darts, to no avail. See, thats the thing about Florida. If this happened in Alaska, the monkey would be hanging on Sarah Palins wall.Yesterday was 4/20, known to stoners around the country as National Weed Day. There were pro-marijuana legalization rallies all around the country, especially here in California, where freedom fighters like this guy exercised their right to free speech vigorously. Here in the meadow, people were chilling out. Some, maybe too much. Were here just to have a bunch of fun in a field. Thats a good way to spend a Tuesday, while your parents are paying tuition.I want to wish a happy birthday to Jay Leno and Saddam Hussein. April 28th is their birthday. Both of them. Happy birthday. Jay turns 60 today. Saddam turned greenish today.The state of Arizona...is the subject of a lot of controversy because of this new immigration law they passed. There were big demonstrations all around the country yesterday protesting it. Many people believe its potentially racist, but the state announced today that despite the controversy, theyre still planning to move ahead with their annual Cinco de Mayo party. I guess its sort of a going away thing.Hey, if I was Latino, I dont...think I would go to this. ... Dont worry. Get on these buses. Well take you to the party. Itll be a lot of fun.He could have been back home in Pakistan by now. Which is worse, by the way? Prison or Pakistan? Maybe the jokes on us.Meanwhile, oil is still leaking off the coast of Louisiana. Lots of oil. BP, the company responsible for it, has a very good plan. BP is hoping to create a giant vinegar spill to turn the Gulf of Mexico into a delicious salad dressing.Actually, what theyre doing is...spraying chemicals on the oil to try to disperse it. And some environmentalists say the chemicals pose their own dangers. But the company that makes them points out the active ingredient is the same thing they put in ice cream. BP is trying to get the spill reclassified from disaster to dessert.A new study found that being even slightly overweight increases a childs risk of being bullied. ... Fortunately, all American kids are now fat, so this really doesnt affect anyone.Hey, it turns out the prime suspect in the failed attempt to bomb Times Square is not the brightest. ... They figured out the events leading up to Saturday. First, Faisal Shahzad buys an SUV off Craigslist, using a traceable email, and fills it with, basically, wedding sparklers. Then he drives two different cars into New York -- the one with the bomb in it and a getaway car. He plants the bomb but leaves the keys to the getaway car in the car with the bomb in it. So he has to take the subway home. And then, once he gets home, he realizes he also left the key to his apartment in the SUV with the bomb in it, and has to get his landlord to let him in. ... If this isnt the work of a stoner, I dont know what is.We should probably let him out and go join the Taliban. He could destroy them from within.Happy National Doughnut day to everyone. ... This is why America is such a great country: 64% of our population is overweight and yet we still have National Doughnut Day.BP finally got a cap on the ruptured oil pipe today after 46 days. When I was a kid, if my sister or I spilled something and didnt clean it up, my mother would clunk our heads together until we did. It may be time to bring my mother into this.Sarah Palin was on the Fox Business Network and surprised a lot of people by calling marijuana quote, a minimal problem in America. She said law enforcement has more important priorities than arresting people smoking pot in their homes and also admitted that she herself has tried pot, which...could explain some of the things that shes said over the years. Its not Sarah, its old baked Alaska talking.I was shocked that a woman who named her children Willow, Piper, and Trig and married a snowmobiler would be pro-marijuana. ... You would never expect that.But I guess thats why...John McCain picked her. She was his hookup.Former President Clinton has been in South Africa, cheering the American World Cup team on. He...tries to remain on the exact opposite side of the world as Hillary at all times.Its day 71 of the oil spill...in the Gulf of Mexico. They just did a poll that says only 6% of Americans have a favorable view of BP, to which I say, 6% of Americans have a favorable view of BP? Thats 18 million people. Is it possible that 18 million Americans dont know what the word favorable means?BP is running with this, I guess. ... Their company newsletter has an article that says most Gulf residents arent upset with BP because their clean-up crews have boosted the local economy. ... BP taking credit for boosting the economy in the Gulf is like al Qaeda taking credit for creating jobs in airport security.Today was the third day of the Supreme Court confirmation hearings for Elena Kagan. There is no job in this country more important than Supreme Court justice. And theyre appointed for life, so you need to be thorough about vetting who you pick. You dont want to wind up with David Hasselhoff.Sarah Palin is speaking out, finally. She is opposing a plan to build a mosque...near the site of the World Trade Center. ... I dont know. You put a mosque there, theres no way the terrorists blow it up. If I was in charge, Id put a mosque on top of every building in America, just to be safe.But Sarah Palin tweeted this on Sunday. She said, Ground Zero Mosque supporters: doesnt it stab you in the heart, as it does ours throughout the heartland? Is Alaska part of the heartland? Peaceful Muslims, pls refudiate. Now, I dont think refudiate is a word. And it wasnt a typo either, because shes used that word before. The President and his wife, the First Lady, spoke at NAACP so recently, they have power in their words. They could refudiate what it is that this group is saying. Shes like the Eskimo Don king. She makes up words.Hey, some good news in the Gulf of Mexico for a change. The efforts to stop the oil leak seem to be working. ... The cap theyre using is child proof, so it is never coming off.Comic book fans are gathering in San Diego for Comic-Con. A jock managed to get into the event and make off with more than $175,000 in lunch money. ... Speaking of guys who will beat you up for your lunch money, Governor Schwarzenegger spoke...yesterday in front of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners, which sounds like a fun group. And the Governor kept things light with a topical and hilarious joke. The good news is that BP has contained the oil leak. ... The bad news is that no one has figured out how to contain Mel Gibson. Hes still got it, Ill tell you that.And the comedy didnt stop there. The Governator also cracked wise on one of his favorite subjects, which is the importance of a daily workout. ... Just last week, I lifted 375 pounds. ... I lifted Rush Limbaugh out of the chair. ... Right, because hes fat and you lifted him, out of the chair.BP announced today...they will replace Tony Hayward as CEO. ... They are offering him a spot running their operation in Siberia. For real. You think they even have an operation in Siberia? Maybe they are just planning to leave him out there on an ice floe or something.Bristol Palins on again, off again, off again, on again fianc?, Levi Johnston, is working on his own reality show called Loving Levi: The Road to the Mayors Office. If he wins, he will become the second least qualified politician in Alaskan history.He really is trying as hard as he can to get shot by Sarah Palin, isnt he?Hes serious about the job. He has his campaign slogan worked out. Its I will get you pregnant. And he will.President Obama had a little vacation over the weekend, on the Gulf Coast of Florida. The President and his family spent just over 24 hours in the Gulf. Some Republicans are actually attacking him for not staying longer. They do have a point. President Bush, for instance, used to vacation for weeks and weeks.Obama is trying to help tourism on the Gulf after the oil spill. He even jumped into the Gulf to prove it was safe. Unfortunately, he did a cannonball right on to a pelican. Nothing goes right for this guy.This is him. You dont believe the waters clean? How about I pull my 9-year-old daughter into it? Sasha, do not swallow, you understand me? Do not let a drop of this filth into your mouth.There was a great deal of excitement here in Los Angeles this week. President Obama paid us a visit. ... He was here for a star-studded fundraiser held at the home of John Wells. They raised one million dollars and converted him to scientology, so it was a success.The big egg recall on 2010 is getting bigger. More than 380 million eggs, which I think is all of them, right? I mean, who knew we were out numbered by eggs in the United States?Hey, speaking of dumb, a new poll finds that more and more Americans believe that President Obama is a Muslim. Almost one in five of us believe this. According to the poll, 43% didnt know what religion Obama is. Only 34% correctly said hes a Christian. Which is crazy ? remember...during the election, when all anyone could talk about was his crazy friend, Reverend Wright, and how he couldnt be trusted because he belonged to this guys church for 20 years? What happened to that?Obamas headed to vacation in Marthas Vineyard for 10 days. Hes staying in a house that has an unobstructed view of the Atlantic Ocean, which just happens to be pointed in the direction of Mecca.Obamas touring the country to push his $50 billion plan to rebuild roads and runways around the country to help get people working. The Department of Labor unveiled a new website to help people looking for jobs. The way it looks is, I went on it today, you register your information, you check off your aptitudes and the kind of work youre looking for, you scan the results and before you know it, another day of unemployment is behind you.BP released a big report with their explanation of what caused the millions of barrels of oil to flow into the Gulf of Mexico. They took very little blame for the spill. They pointed fingers instead at rig workers, Halliburton, Transocean, Sasquatch, and I think Tiger Woods.The world is waiting nervously tonight as Florida pastor Terry Jones decides whether or not to burn copies of the Quran. He originally planned to burn them tomorrow, on September 11th. Then yesterday, he called it off because he believed he made a deal with an imam, which is a Muslim leader, to stop the plan to build a mosque near Ground Zero. The imam said that wasnt true, he agreed to no such thing. ... Jones said he was lied to, the burning was back on. This guy ? hes like the Brett Favre of burning books. Hes back and forth.Right now, the plan is to hold off on burning the Quran. Actually, theyre...thinking of lightly toasting it with a George Foreman grill.But even though nothing has happened and this guy is -- I hope the world realizes hes one nut from a church the size of a Sunglass Hut.There is ? hes caused a lot of anger. There have been violent demonstrations in Afghanistan about this. Hundreds of people -- I saw one report said three protesters were injured and one was killed in one of these demonstrations. ... Arent they all on the same side? Why is someone being killed?This is kind of funny. Our Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger -- the robot -- made fun...of Sarah Palin on his Twitter page last night. Arnold was on his way to Asia. He posted a picture of himself looking out the window of his plane. ... And he wrote, Over Anchorage, AK. Looking everywhere but cant see Russia from here. Will keep you updated as search continues. ... I think sometimes he forgets hes not really bulletproof.This is a tough one for Sarah Palin, because not only is Schwarzenegger a fellow Republican, when she was a teenager, she had a Conan the Barbarian poster hanging on the wall of her igloo. So this really...hits home.Sarah Palin endorsed a woman named Christine ODonnell in the Republican primary for Delaware Senate. As a result of that endorsement, ODonnell won that primary. Since then, weve been learning all sorts of wonderful things about her, and this weekend, Bill Maher showed some video in which ODonnell admitted that in high school, she dabbled in witchcraft. Later, ODonnell tried to explain this witchcraft thing with, kind of a laugh. I was in high school. How many of you didnt hang out with questionable folks in high school? But no, it -- theres been no witchcraft since. ... I dont know that Ive ever heard a politician say, Theres been no witchcraft since. Oh, high school -- wedgies and witchcraft.It was week two of Dancing with the Stars tonight. ... Sarah Palin was at the show. ... We make a lot of fun of Sarah Palin, but the truth is, it was a big deal having her at that show. She almost didnt make it. On the way down, her husband, Todd, hit a leopard seal.I think its safe to assume that Carl Paladino, whos running for governor of New York, is not excited about Coming Out Day being on Columbus Day. Carl Paladino told a group of orthodox Jewish leaders in Brooklyn yesterday that he wants to make sure children arent brainwashed into believing that homosexual relationships are equally valid, I guess, as heterosexual relationships. And he criticized his opponent, Andrew Cuomo, for marching in a gay pride parade with his daughters. So I guess hes planning to decorate the governors mansion himself.Paladino says hes not anti-gay, he just believes people in heterosexual marriages are happier and more successful. So, hes encouraging all gay men to go out and marry a straight woman immediately.President Obama has been busy lately, trying to drum up support for fellow Democrats. Both he and Vice President Biden were at a rally in Philadelphia this weekend, where somebody threw a book at Obama. Bush got a shoe thrown at him, Obama got a book. I think were making progress.This is kind of interesting. According to Ancestry.com, Sarah Palin and Rush Limbaugh are President Obamas tenth cousins, which means Sarah Palin and Rush Limbaugh are secret Muslims.I dont know what to think. One minute, Obama is an illegal immigrant, the next thing you know, hes the lost Limbaugh.It turns out Obama and Palin share family genes. Specifically, mom jeans.The President was -- they say he was amused by the revelation. And well, Sarah Palin, I guess now we know why the mainstream media treats her so unfairly. Its because shes black.On CNN tonight, they aired...a debate between two Delaware Senate candidates, mostly because Christine ODonnell is a nut.Shes not polling very well in Delaware. ODonnell is down 18 points. When given a choice, most Delaware voters said they would rather vote for the lion or the wardrobe.It was a crazy morning on The View this morning. Bill OReilly from Fox News was the guest. It ended up with Joy and Whoopi storming off their own show. Youd think people named Joy and Whoopi would be more cheerful, but not the case.Last night on Dancing with the Stars, Bristol Palin...came out dressed in a gorilla costume. ... They say this is the closest a member of the Palin family has ever come to acknowledging evolution.You know, you cant dangle a carrot like that in front of Sarah Palin and expect not to get shot.The midterm elections are coming up, two weeks from today. And I have to say, I have never seen a nuttier bunch of candidates. Yesterday, they had a debate for candidates for governor in New York and a new star was born. Jimmy McMillan of the Rent is Too Damn High Party. I think the candidate may be too damn high in that party. I like any candidate who starts a sentence with, As a karate expert.November 2nd is election day. Americans will cast their votes, and then everything will go back to being exactly the same as it was before.This is kind of surprising. President Obama is traveling to India next month and the White House has canceled a planned visit to a Sikh temple...because in order to enter the temple, you have to cover your head. And the White House is worried that photographs of Obama wearing a turban would fuel rumors that hes a Muslim, event though I dont think Muslims wear turbans. But were dumb.Its the same reason he canceled Turban Tuesdays in the Rose Garden.Obama really should just do what President Bush used to do. Wherever President Bush went, he had a beer hat on his head. Problem solved.Its Tuesday night, and another celebrity dancer has been fired from Dancing with the Stars. ... Miraculously, Bristol Palin was not eliminated or impregnated. That makes it a six-week streak.I dont know where shes getting all the support. Somehow, Bristol Palin has gotten more votes than her mother did in the election.Maybe shell get eliminated next week. Better be soon. Mid-November is typically when the Palin family goes into hibernation. She needs to spend the next six weeks gorging on salmon.In other scary Halloween news, tonight on ET, Sarah Palin sat down with Mary Hart. Are you going to run for president? You know, Ive not decided what Im going to do in 2012. ... Great. One quick question. Why are you announcing this to Mary Hart? Billy Bush wasnt available? Couldnt get Mario Lopez on the phone?It was a very special night tonight on Dancing with the Stars. It was their 200th show. ... Its more important to vote for your favorite dancing star than it is to vote for anyone or anything in these so-called elections tomorrow, okay?Midterm elections are tomorrow. President Obama was out making last-minute appeal to voters. He told them, Dont look at the polls, dont look at the cable news prognosticators, in fact, dont even look at the ballot, just mark the dots in at random and well have a better shot at winning that way.It was Election Day in America today. ... The Republicans...didnt win the Senate. They did win the House, which means the Democrats lost the House. Big deal. A lot of Americans lost their house.Election day is...over. ... Some pundits are saying that the Republican gains actually might be good for President Obama. because instead of just saying no, theyll actually have to do things. And their top two priorities are cutting taxes and reducing the debt, which is kind of like your top two priorities in life being to lose weight and win the Nathans Hot Dog Eating Contest. So, well see what happens.Sean Duffy, who was on The Real World Boston, ran in Wisconsin and...actually won his race, which hopefully bodes well for a certain President Snooki in 2012.Tomorrow night is the grand finale of this seasons Dancing with the Stars. ... The three finalists are Jennifer Grey, Kyle Massey, who is pretty good, and Bristol Palin, who isnt good at all, but whose mother has an army of Eskimo robots voting for her 24 hours a day.The Palins dream of a future in which no American will ever be disqualified from a job simply because he or she is unqualified to do that job.There are reports that Bristol was a target of a mysterious white powder sent to the Dancing with the Stars studio on Friday. A package came. At first they thought it was Florence Hendersons cocaine delivery but...too soon? Shes alive, right?After...weeks of competition, the winner of Dancing with the Stars is not Bristol Palin, who will now be deported back to Alaska, to dance exclusively with wolves.Sarah Palins new book, America by Heart came out today, just in time for awkward holiday gift exchanges.America by Heart tells the story of Sarah Palins lifelong struggle to learn to spell the word America.And the book is filled with mostly...typical Sarah Palin-y stuff. But the chapter on igloo construction is indispensable.Ratings for Sarah Palins show on TLC are way down. The ratings fell 40%. So, she and President Obama do have something in common after all.The big news in Washington is the release of 250,000 classified documents. ... Former Vice President Dick Cheney is demanding that we waterboard the Internet.Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks was taken into custody today in England. ... So, now, weve got him. Now our secrets are safe. Just as long as no one else figures out how to use the Internet, were going to be fine.Through his attorney, Assange said hes doing fine. Im sure hes doing fine. Snitches usually do very well in prison.We have a new governor in California. Former Governor Jerry brown replaces Arnold Schwarzenegger. I dont know if Im comfortable with a governor whos never done steroids ? I dont feel as safe -- and who can pronounce things.The experts have been very critical of Arnold Schwarzenegger for the job he did, but I dont necessarily agree. ... No major earthquakes on his watch. Thats something, right?Arnold said he might...write a memoir. And if he does, I think I have a good title for it: Ill Be Book. Right?The state of California is now in our second week without Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. ... No word on whether or not Arnold is planning to return to acting, but he is planning to hit the speaking circuit. A lot of politicians do this. His first speaking tour starts later this month. Tickets are selling for between $270 and $427. Imagine how much they would have charged if he could actually speak.One other political news item is that a Federal judge in Texas has sentenced former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay to three years in prison for illegally funneling corporate money to Republican candidates in that state. DeLay is the first former Dancing with the Stars contestant to go to prison since, I think, Kristi Yamaguchi. No? Lil Kim?The president of China is in Washington today making an official state visit to the White House. This is like when you are into your bookie for more than you can afford and he stops by your house.They had a state dinner tonight. Jackie Chan was there. Thats like if China hosted Obama for dinner and invited Chuck Norris. Its kind of ridiculous.The guests enjoyed what was described as a quintessentially American dinner. The menu was kept a secret, but in a nod to Chinese tradition, it was prepared by seven-year-olds.New Speaker of the House John Boehner was invited to the dinner but chose not to attend. Theyre calling him an orange chicken in China now.Presidents Obama and Hu took questions from the media today, which is unusual because Chinese presidents dont typically take questions from reporters without killing them after.The US Postal Service announced today theyre planning to close 2,000 branches of postal stations in addition to the almost 500 they were already planning to close. They lost $8.5 billion last year. Maybe in retrospect, making people wait in line while you slowly finish your bag of Hot Cheetos isnt the best idea.The post office is a place your parents used to go to communicate before there were text messages. Young people use it less and less. Maybe they should deliver pizza instead of letters.So local post offices will be closing gradually over the course of this year. But dont worry. If you want to wait in line for a couple of hours, you can still always go to the DMV.This year, theres a fun drinking game being played across the country. You listen to the speech and every time you think about the actual state of the union, you take a drink. It helps.Obama made a major announcement tonight. Hes Oprahs half brother. Its ? theres been so much confusion about the birth certificate.The Republican response to Obamas address was actually somewhat gracious. They said it was a pretty good speech for a foreigner.Apparently, somethings going on over in Egypt. ... Anderson Cooper was attacked in Cairo yesterday. He was over there reporting for CNN and he and his crew got attacked by a big group of pro-government protesters. He got punched in the head 10 times. ... Let me explain something to you foreigners. ... You keep your dirty hands off our silver fox.In their defense, theyre in Egypt and theyre not used to seeing anything that white over there.President Obama gave his first press conference of the year this morning to discuss his budget proposal for 2012, which probably wont get much support in Congress since they still havent passed the budget for 2011. Though to be fair, theyve been busy posting shirtless photos of themselves on Craigslist.President Obama was in San Francisco today meeting with a group of technology executives including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg. The goal is to figure out how to replace new jobs, to replace jobs lost as a result of everyone at work spending time on Facebook.Rush Limbaugh yesterday had some unkind words for the Obamas. I know, I couldnt believe it, either.On his show, Limbaugh criticized Michelle Obama for eating ribs for dinner while on vacation in Colorado. He said Mrs. Obama is a hypocrite because she promotes healthy eating and ate ribs. ... Isnt that the morbidly obese pot calling the kettle African-American?Limbaugh said she doesnt look like she follows her own dietary advice. I love that Rush is commenting on somebody elses weight. This guy would eat his own ribs if you put sauce on them.President Obama filled out an NCAA bracket. ... The Chairman of the Republican National Committee criticized the President for doing so. The criticism came in the form of a tweet. Hey, man, you realize youre tweeting, right? Thats what Ashton Kutcher does.Hillary Clinton says if President Obama is elected again, she will not stay with the White House. ... Hillary said she wants to slow down and devote more time to...her collection of pantsuits.Donald Trump is starting in on President Obama. Trump is one of these guys that questions whether the President was born in this country. He says his birthplace is suspect because no one seems to remember him from when he was young. Trump said, If you interview...people from my elementary school, theyll remember me. But who wouldnt remember a 5-year-old with a comb over?It rained on the LA Marathon yesterday. ... A man from Ethiopia won the marathon. Second place was earned by a runner from Kenya. His name was...Barack Obama or something like that.President Obama....addressed the nation from Washington, DC, tonight. It was the first time in history that a president has gone before the American public to apologize for his Final Four picks.Obama tonight explained his decision to attack Libya and expanded on his plan to bomb Virginia Commonwealth for screwing up his bracket.They said the goal of the speech tonight was to update the American people on the situation in Libya, which is great. We appreciate the update, but unfortunately, unless Snooki is going to Libya, the American people dont care that much.Ill be honest. All I know about Libya is that theyre the ones who gave Doc Brown the plutonium in Back to the Future. ... And this is how we thank them, I guess.Today was opening day for Major League Baseball. ... Larry Kings going to throw out a first pitch at the Washington Nationals game on Saturday. And then...theyre going to bury him under the pitchers mound.The Nationals asked President Obama to throw out the first pitch at todays game. But he declined, because hes a Muslim that hates Americas national past time. Either that or hes busy with Libya.The other night, you know, you may have heard, Charlie Sheen showed up and kissed me right on the lips. And it was a big story because everything Charlie sheen does is a big story. And lets be honest --none of us know where Libya is.Charlie Sheen somehow bamboozled several thousand people into paying to see him live on stage this weekend. The My Violent Torpedo of Truth tour got off to a rocky start. He bombed so badly in Detroit, this morning, Obama gave him a $4 billion bailout.There are unconfirmed reports that Katie Couric will leave her job as anchor of The CBS Evening News before the 2012 presidential election. ... Who will be brave enough to ask Sarah Palin questions that should be easy to answer?Theres a semi-secret $376 million construction project going on at the White House right now. The official word is theyre updating underground heating systems, but there are reports that they are building a mysterious tunnel. Poor Obama. Thats a lot of work just to get away from your mother-in-law. Let the man have a cigarette already.But theres a lot of speculation about what the tunnels purpose is. ... Personally, I believe hes building an underground Kenya, a new subterranean land, so he can Africanize us from below. I heard that on Fox News.President Obama celebrated Passover with the annual White House Seder dinner last night. This morning, Donald Trump demanded to see his bar mitzvah certificate.Trump...said hell release his personal tax returns if Obama shows his birth certificate. ... Trump is very reluctant to release his tax returns. He doesnt want anyone to know he claims his hairpiece as a dependent.President Obama was in Los Angeles today, raising money for his campaign and meeting with Dr. 90210 about an ear tuck.Obama is stockpiling money for a possible run against the current GOP frontrunner, Donald Trump. Thats right. Trump has been giving a lot of interviews this week. Most of them have been centered around Obamas birth certificate. But Trumps real concerns are OPEC, China, and making sure all Federal buildings are named after him.Trump is apparently so concerned about where the President was born, he sent a team of investigators to Hawaii to look for evidence. ... Wouldnt it be great if for all this time, the birth certificate has been in Donald Trumps hair?Today at the White House, 30,000 people showed up for the 133rd Annual Easter Egg Roll. The Easter Egg Roll is an opportunity for children from all over the country to come to the White House and spend a fun afternoon looking for the Presidents birth certificate.Im not sure why they do it the day after Easter. Maybe the candy is half priced that way.President Obama finally broke down and showed everyone his birth certificate. And youre not going to believe this. It turns out that his mothers first name is Stanley. No wonder she rebelled and had a Kenyan baby.I would like us to kill Osama bin Laden every Sunday night. It makes for a much brighter start to the week for me.After all the talk about caves, bin Laden turned out to be hiding in a million dollar mansion in Pakistan. The CIA became suspicious when they learned there was a million dollar mansion in Pakistan.I just want to point out, buried at sea means dumped in the ocean. ... They dumped bin Laden in the ocean. ... This could be the best Shark Week ever if they find that body.By the way, I should point out that on the same night Obama was ordering the Navy to kill Osama bin Laden, his potential opponent in 2012, Donald Trump, was busy firing Playmate of the Month Hope Dworaczyk.Youre here on a very good night. Anthony Hopkins is here. ... Bin laden is not here. Hes dead.The President and his staff watched the operation unfold on video, live from the White House Situation Room. Isnt it sad that every time I hear the word situation, I think of Jersey Shore?At one point during the viewing, Vice President Biden asked them to pause it so he could go to the bathroom. They had to explain it wasnt on TiVo.The Dow fell again, and no one was home to help it up. For those of you having trouble understanding this bad financial news lately, let me put it in terms you might understand. The economy is planking right now. Try not to think of this as a crash. Think of it as a special Wall Street edition of Wipeout. Okay? On Monday, the Dow dropped like, 655 points. Yesterday, it gained 430 back. Today, it dropped another 520 points. The ninth biggest point drop in history. Which is bad, I think. Stock market losses are losses on paper. Its nothing a little whiteout cant fix.Financial analysts are worried we may be headed for a double-dip recession. Sounds kind of delicious to me.Last night on Fox News, Michele Bachmann, you know who she is, right? When she was asked who she would choose as her running mate in the impossible -- if she were to be elected the candidate -- who she would choose, she said Donald Trump is someone voters would be intrigued with. Yeah, were intrigued with the shake weight, too. We dont necessarily want it to be Vice President. Can you imagine that? Michele Bachmann and Donald Trump? That doesnt sound like a ticket that sounds like the 2012 Dancing With The Stars finalists.What I find most amazing about this is this is not something that someone dug up on him from a distant relative in Indonesia or something. This was in chapter in a book the President wrote about himself. How did we miss this? If Ryan Seacrest wrote a book saying he ate dog, we would go nuts. I guess now you are either on Team Strap Your Dog to the Roof or Team Throw Your Dog on the Hibachi.Now, we go to the opposite of advance hologram technology, Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley. Yesterday, he was speaking on the Senate floor and his cell phone started ringing. He tried to get to it as quickly as he can, but he had some trouble turning it off.The Romney and Obama campaigns are busy raising money. The President has an interesting fundraising idea -- its called the Obama Event Registry. If youre a supporter of Obama, you tell your loved ones instead of giving you a gift for your wedding or birthday or whatever, youd like them to donate money to the Obama campaign, which is a great way for cheap people to lie about getting you a present. On the website, it says, quote, A campaign donation goes a lot farther than a gravy bowl. Not if you like gravy, it doesnt.If Obama releases his college applications and records and passport information by 5:00 p.m. on Halloween trump will give $5 million to charity. It seems like a trap Lex Luther will say. Will it be the orphans or your secret identity? He seems to think he is a contestant in an imaginary game show.The First Lady will be a guest on our show tomorrow. Shell be here to promote her new reality show, Americas Next Top Lady.The First Lady is here on the show to encourage us to vote early. A: its great, because its important that everyone makes their voices heard. And B: on Election Day, you dont have to spend the morning inside an old ladys garage.You know, Democrats are more likely to vote early than Republicans. Most Republicans are opposed to voting early because they believe that voting starts at conception.Im looking forward to interviewing the First Lady. I sat next to her when I hosted the White House correspondents dinner. Hard to have a conversation with Newt Gingrich yelling you gonna eat that over and over again in my ear.Government seems to be doing a good job, although you have never guess who criticized president Obama. Do you remember Michael Brown? Heck of a job brownie, Michael Brown? The former director of FEMA who was forced to resign after Hurricane Katrina. On Monday, he criticized the President. He said Obama may have acted too quickly. Instead of taking the wait and do nothing approach that worked so well during Katrina. That is an interesting point coming from a former FEMA director and current Applebees employee of the week.Mayor Bloomberg announced that all cars coming into New York City via the bridge musts have a minimum of three people in them. Unless one of the people is very, very fat in which case, two people but no sodas.Last night, Governor Christie announced mandatory water restrictions. No one is allowed to water their lawns, which seeing how the lawns just received 18 feet of water, seems like a reasonable request.If you are looking for a job, Facebook just launched a new app. They teamed up with the Department of Labor to create what they call the social jobs app. You can browse through two million job listings. You know its bad when even Facebook thinks its time for you to get a job. Facebook also has an app that can help you lose your job. Its called Facebook. Try it.Apparently Mitt and Ann Romney went to see Twilight at the movies Saturday night. I guess Medea was sold out. They had some trouble when they got to the theater and the girl in the ticket booth didnt have change for a million-dollar bill.I dont know why this is so interesting to me but it is. Mitt Romney was spotted pumping gas. Here he is at a Chevron station. Looks like hes been on a three-day root beer-float drinking binge. Two weeks ago today, this guy woke up hoping to be President. Now, hes Goober from The Andy Griffith Show pumping gas.This is interesting. President Obama is going to have lunch tomorrow with Mitt Romney. The Mitt Romney that he was against during the election. And you thought you had an awkward meal with your family on Thanksgiving.After the President won re-election, he said he wanted to meet with Mr. Romney because he believes he has ideas that can be very helpful. Its a nice gesture, considering the fact that he hasnt let Joe Biden have lunch with him even once.Heres what I dont get. For the last eight months, Mitt Romney has been saying nobody should get a free lunch. Now, hes going to the White House to have a free lunch. You know, it doesnt make sense.Public Policy Polling, this is a company that spent a lot of time this year trying to predict which candidate would become President. Just released a new poll. They asked people which political party they think Santa belongs to. The poll revealed that 44% of Americans think Santa is a Democrat; 28% believe he is a Republican. And the other 28% said please stop bothering me with stupid questions.Some people said Oh, Santas a Democrat because he gives handouts. And other people said hes a Republican because hes an old white guy. But the fact of the matter is Santa isnt a Democrat or a Republican. In fact, Santa isnt even an American. I have news for you. The real Santa is China. You think elves are the ones making that plastic crap we give our kids? No. Chinese people are. You want to see what Santa looks like? Thats Santa. Hes the premier of China. Thats who you write the letter to, kids.The US Department of Agriculture has announced its changing restrictions on public school lunches to allow more meat. In September, they began limiting meat to try to combat childhood obesity, but the kids werent getting enough to eat, so now the restrictions have been lifted. Basically what happened is the government told kids to eat their vegetables, the kids said no, and then the government gave in and bought them a hamburger, just like mom and dad.President Obama today nominated current White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew to be the next secretary of the Treasury. That is a person whose signature goes on the right side of the bill [US currency]. And this is Jack Lews signature. Its either his signature or the migratory pattern of a housefly. Looks like he used a Spirograph.On Monday, which is Martin Luther King Day, the presidential inauguration celebration [will take place] as Barack Obama begins his second term as President of the United States in Washington, DC. Theyll have parades. Theyll have entertainment. They have music from Beyonce, Stevie Wonder, Queen Latifah. Movie stars like Kirsten Dunst, Alfre Woodard, Queen Latifah. A lot of Queen Latifah.Thank you for coming. I appreciate that. I hope you had a good holiday weekend. It was an historic weekend for sure. More than a million people gathered in our nations capital yesterday, and tens of millions more watched from home to celebrate the First Ladys new haircut.It is funny that bangs are what most people talked about yesterday. Its interesting that Mrs. Obama chose inauguration weekend to unveil it. I have a theory as to why she did that. Ill give it to you in three words - giant forehead zit.So, the President gave a brief but powerful speech. He did not shy away from the many challenges he faces: a massive Federal deficit, a conservative majority in the House, an aging population, runaway entitlements, humongous ears. The list goes on and on.Immediately following the inauguration, the President, his family and select guests were invited to a traditional luncheon at the Capitol. This is something they do. Speaker of the House John Boehner was seated next to the Obamas, and a camera caught a great moment. In this clip, you see Boehner saying something to the President, and he taps the First Lady. And then continued his conversation, and now watch her roll her eyes there. Shes even acting like a girl with bangs now.Theres a big announcement for the American military today. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has decided to lift the ban on women in combat, which could potentially open more than 230,000 military positions previously unavailable to women. I think thats great. This is a sign that?weve really advanced as a nation. Now, women can fight for honor on the field of battle and on The Bachelor.For the past few years, the postal service has been losing billions of dollars so to cut costs, starting in August, they will no longer deliver mail on Saturdays. ? They will still deliver packages on Saturday, just not regular mail, which means well only get the Bed, Bath & Beyond coupon packet on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Fridays now.Tomorrow is National Girl Scout Cookie Day, which is known as Obligated to Give Your Co-Workers Money Day. How has Michelle Obama not put a stop to this already?President Obama made his fifth State of the Union Address tonight in Washington, DC. ... His focus was on jobs and the economy. He has an interesting plan to grow the economy. He laid it out. This is it. Cash 4 Gold.Immediately following the Presidents speech, Republicans gave their rebuttal, and this is strange. Yesterday, Democrats held a press conference to deliver a pre-rebuttal to the Republicans rebuttal. Traditionally, immediately following the State of the Union Address, the opposition party rebuts what the President said. They dont know what the President is going to say, but they know they wont like it. But this year, the Democrats decided to preemptively rebut their rebuttal. So they gave a speech, responding to a speech no one had ever heard, which itself was in response to a speech no one had ever heard. Which I think is the plot to Inception, isnt it? So God bless America, were on the right track.President Obama made the annual State of the Union Address last night. The President told Congress and the American people that the state of the union is strong. I bet even Lincoln said that when the State of the Union was happening during his era.Last night, Florida Senator Marco Rubio rebutted for the GOP, and while the President focused on the middle class and said the rich should pay more taxes, Rubio said you cant have a middle class without the rich. Hes right. Without an upper class to not be a part of, how would you even know you were middle class? You might think you were rich. That would screw everything up, so you need rich people to have a middle class. Just like you need biggie fries to have regular sized fries.Its Presidents Day today. Today, Mitt Romney spent the day quietly staring out of one of 1,200 windows in his home, a tear streaming from his eye.President Obama celebrated by playing golf with Tiger Woods. Obama took a three-day golf vacation to Florida, and the First Lady took the daughters to Colorado to ski. Sure, honey, go have a guys weekend with Tiger Woods. Stop by the Hooters and have some wings. I tell you one thing - Bill Clinton wouldnt have gotten that at all.The US Postal Service is launching a clothing line. Theyre going to sell post office clothes, which makes sense because every time I walk into the post office I think, man its like the European fashion show in here. Where can I get some of that stuff?The postal service is teaming with a company in Cleveland to put out a line of clothing and accessories called Rain, Heat, and Snow. The line will feature all-weather gear, including coats, headgear and shoes. Its the perfect attire for stealing social security checks out of peoples mailboxes.A man in New Jersey was arrested after police allegedly found 100 bags of heroin in his - anyone want to guess? Hat? No. Fanny pack? Getting warmer. They found 100 bags of heroin in his butt. Thats right, they pulled a guy over for a routine traffic stop. He had some outstanding traffic warrants. So they took him to the station and thats when he found out he was a human pi?ata. So they took one down and passed it around. And there were 99 bags of heroin. And so on. He was charged with possession of heroin with intent to sell and tampering with evidence. I say if you have 100 bags of anything in your butt, you should be allowed to keep it.Our new ambassador to North Korea, Dennis Rodman is back home safely after visiting the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. ? And apparently they hit it off. Rodman called him a friend for life, although he said the same thing when he married Carmen Electra. And he said that Kim Jong Un said he wants President Obama to call him. ? A lot of people are criticizing Rodman for getting friendly with a guy who said he wants to destroy the United States. I think we should use their friendship to our advantage. I think we should crazy glue Dennis Rodman to the Washington Monument and dare them to bomb us.First Lady Michelle Obama gave a little talk yesterday about canine fitness. She hosted a web chat to discuss her Lets Move! initiative, and one of the parents on the web chat asked if dogs should be involved in the family fitness regimen, and she said they should. Apparently licking yourself for 12 hours a day doesnt burn a lot of calories.If youre visiting Washington, DC, soon and youre hoping to take a tour of the White House, you might be disappointed. The White House announced that starting this weekend, theyre canceling all tours for the foreseeable future because of sequester-related budget cuts, which is really going to cut into Joe Bidens balloon animal business.New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has a new crusade. He wants people to stop listening to loud music in their headphones, which...wasnt that the plot of Footloose? As you may know, over the past few years Bloomberg has banned smoking in public, transfats and sodas larger than 16 ounces in the city of New York. Now, he wants people to stop listening to loud music. I dont know. Maybe Im wrong, but the last time I checked, Mike Bloomberg is only a mayor. My headphones are named by a doctor named Dre, and I dont recall asking for a second opinion.Dennis Rodman was in North Korea last week, where he spent some quality time with the supreme leader of North Korea, Kim Jong Un - the leader of the country that this morning promised to launch a preemptive nuclear strike against us ? I know this sounds like a bad movie plot, but we might need Donald Trump to fire Dennis Rodman from Celebrity Apprentice so he can save us from obliteration.Dennis Rodmans publicist said he wants to go back to North Korea sometime in the next six months and he wants to use his new friendship with Kim Jong Un to help broker peace between the United States and North Korea. Maybe we should let him try it. We already let our smartest people try to work out a peace agreement. Why not let our dumbest person take a crack at it, too.The President filled out his NCAA bracket. ... Obama picked Indiana, Louisville, Florida, and Ohio State to reach the Final Four. He had Indiana to win, but Republicans in the House blocked that. And he was forced to take Fresno State.Obama appointed the first female director of the Secret Service. ? This marks the first time a woman has been in charge in almost 150 years of its existence. So in other words, Sorry Colombian prostitutes. Bring us the tab; were going to have to close out our account.Today is the second day on which the Supreme Court heard arguments for and against same-sex marriage, commonly referred to as gay marriage, which is commonly referred to as the magic of Siegfried and Roy.The White House held their 135th annual Easter Egg Roll. It sounds like fun if there are no fun things to do. President Obama and Mrs. Obama were there to make sure none of the kids got candy. The theme was Be healthy, be active, be you. Thats the problem. There is nothing healthy or active about me. But that was the theme. They had a yoga garden, which sounds like a place you threaten kids with when they are bad.The chairwoman of the Republican Party in Georgia has an interesting new argument against same-sex marriage. Sue Everhart is her name. She believes if same-sex marriage is legalized, straight people will pretend to be gay to get married to get health benefits. She said, Say you had a great job with the government where you had this wonderful health plan. What would prevent you from saying that youre gay and you all get married and you get all the benefits? I dont know? Probably the same thing that would prohibit you from saying youre straight and doing it. The best part of her argument is it actually is the premise of the Adam Sandler-Kevin James movie I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry. Maybe she was led to believe that was a documentary.In New Jersey, Governor Chris Christie signed an unusual new bill into law. It prohibits kids under 17 from tanning beds and under 14 from spray tanning. Now if youre in New Jersey youll have to vigorously rub up against Snooki.Hey, a bunch of fast food workers in New York City went on strike today. ... Hundreds of employees from McDonalds, Wendys and KFC walked off the job this morning. Theyre demanding the companies double their pay, $15 an hour, and if it doesnt happen, there will be no fast food in New York. Boy, Mayor Bloomberg has got to be torn on this one, huh?US and South Korean officials today say theyre highly confident that North Korea will launch a medium-range missile anytime now, which I guess means Dennis Rodman failed.The missiles are believed to have a range of about 2,000 miles. No one knows for sure, but they could hit targets in Japan and South Korea for sure, even possibly Hawaii and Guam, which is bad. And yet, why do I feel like this whole thing could be solved by sending Kim Jong Un a Disneyland Park hopper pass?Did you hear the latest from Iran today? The Iranian government is claiming that their scientists have developed a time machine, which could explain how their leader got all those 1980s members only jackets. Stephen Colbert:President Obama had a strange day today. First of all, he was forced to address a rumor involving Jay-Z and Beyonce. Jay-Z and Beyonce celebrated their anniversary in Cuba earlier this month, even though Americans are not permitted to travel to Cuba without permission from the government. Jay-Z just released a song called Open Letter about the trip, and the lyrics say, Boy from the hood, but got White House Clearance. Obama said chill, youre going to get me impeached. And some people assumed that meant Obama gave them the okay to travel there. But during an interview with the Today Show, Obama said he didnt. He said we got better things to do. Hes keeping his mind on our money and our money on his mind.Its funny, people think a letter they send to the President is going to be delivered to his desk. Ive got news for you. The President doesnt open his own mail. Hes busy planning vacations for Beyonce and Jay-Z.Federal law enforcement agencies say they believe the letter to Obama was from the same individual who sent a ricin-filled envelope to Republican Senator Roger Wicker yesterday. So, at least the guys bipartisan.The FBI has the suspect in custody. His name is Kenneth Curtis, and they think hes the guy ? this is true ? because both letters were signed, I am KC and I approve this message. It was either him or Katie Couric.The President weighed in on North Korea today. The White House believes North Korea has a number of medium-range, non-nuclear missiles set up on their east coast ready to fire. The missiles could easily strike targets in South Korea, which?you know what? Im sick of Gangnam Style too, but missiles to South Korea? It seems like an overreaction.In Oregon, the Oregon House of Representatives passed a new state law that involves Facebook. Its illegal for employers to ask their employees or job applicants for their passwords to their social media accounts. I didnt know that was legal in the first place. The new law is called the Vacation Feed Protection Act. Its now illegal for employers to force their employees to like or friend them on Facebook. So now if your boss wants to stalk you he has to do it the old fashioned way, from the bushes. I dont ask my employees to friend me, but I require them to come to my office and show me a picture of what they had for lunch.This is a crazy story - last week someone sent letters that contained the poison ricin ? its a very poisonous substance ? to President Obama, Mississippi Senator Roger Wicker and a judge in Mississippi. And the guy the FBI arrested was an Elvis impersonator. An Elvis impersonator named Paul Kevin Curtis. They burst into his house, they took him into custody, and then yesterday, they realized he was innocent and let him go. When they asked him about the ricin, he said I dont even eat rice. And at that point, they realized they might have the wrong guy.Good news for travelers on Friday. Congress rushed a bill through to allow the FAA to bring air traffic controllers back. As part of a mandatory government spending cut, the FAA was forced to cut hours for air traffic controllers. As of last night, the air traffic controllers were back just in time for Congress to go on vacation this week. Amazing what they can accomplish when an issue affects them directly.Heres a disturbing bit of progress: Microsoft is allowing video gamers to order pizza directly from the Xbox. Usually they had to yell for their mom to make them a sandwich. But not now, thanks to the create your pizza app. You can place an order using your controller. Please dont tell Michelle Obama about this.President Obama is having a rough week. Hes currently being questioned on the Benghazi attack, the IRS targeting conservative groups, and the Department of Justice seizing phone records from reporters of the Associated Press. A lot of people are saying that Obama could go down as our worst black president in more than 100 years.This afternoon, President Obama held a joint press conference with the Prime Minister of Turkey. Why Turkey, Im not sure. I think those are the only sandwiches his wife lets him eat. The press didnt really care about the Prime Minister of Turkey. Reporters were focused on the numerous firestorms surrounding the White House right now. They drilled the President on Benghazi, the IRS, the subpoenaed phone records. They want to know why Randy Jackson is leaving American Idol. And I think the stress is starting to get to Obama. At one point, he started screaming, I did not have sexual relations with Benghazi.Believe it or not, the Vice President wrote Myles back. He said, Dear Myles, Im sorry it took me so long to respond to your letter. I really like your idea. If we had guns that shot chocolate, not only would our country be safer, it would be happier. Happy people love chocolate. You are a good boy. Joe Biden. You are a good boy? Do you think he thinks he was writing a letter to a dog? The saddest part is that is the first letter Biden received since he took office.Listen, kid ? if you really want a politician to get behind guns with chocolate bullets, the guy you should be writing to is Governor Christie. He will get this done.Time magazine published President Obamas prom photos. [Showing photo] There he is with a friend and their dates. Ive got to say, the girls in Kenya are very good looking. Obama is 17 years old here. Notice hes the only one not holding champagne. Thats called plausible deniability. The girl on the right side of the screen is his date. Her name is Megan Hughes. The other two are his friends, Kelly and Greg. He seems so happy back then. Like he was allowed to eat junk food or something.The big story in Washington today, an English newspaper called The Guardian is reporting that the National Security Agency...here in the United States obtained a secret court order that forces Verizon to hand over phone records for millions of their customers who made calls between the months of April and July. They know who called and when, if youre a Verizon customer, which I was totally against this, until I got an anonymous call reminding me it was my dads birthday.The Supreme Court handed down the decision on same-sex marriage today. Until this morning, marriage was defined as a contract between one man, one woman and the producers of The Bachelor, but that is no longer the case.The Supreme Court also considered Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage here in California. The court ruled that Prop. 8 supporters didnt have the right to repeal the reversal last year, which means next month, same-sex marriage will once again be legal in this state. The only catch is gays will be required to use straight wedding planners.Elsewhere in Washington, theres another scandal brewing within the IRS. An internal watch group claimed some IRS workers used agency credit cards to buy a wide variety of seemingly inappropriate things. One IRS employee reportedly charged more than $2,500 worth of diet pills, romance novels and steaks to the IRS. I dont know who that person is, but sounds like they might have a sadder life than Bruce Jenner, even.Cards from the agency were also used to buy kazoos, bath toys, a popcorn machine, stuffed animals and Nerf footballs. Is the IRS running an underground Chucky Cheese and we dont know about it?Former President Bush and First Lady Laura Bush were in Africa last week. They were there on a humanitarian visit. And this to me is the worst part about being president. Its not deciding whether to send troops to war or the daily scrutiny or the schedule. Worst part of being president, I think, is being forced to dance with villagers. Imagine if Lincoln had to do this? He wouldnt be on money.Last night we showed a video, Justin Bieber in the kitchen of a restaurant in New York, peeing into a mop bucket and yelling F Bill Clinton. It got a lot of attention. He actually called Bill Clinton to apologize. ? He tweeted about their conversation. He said, @BillClinton, thank you for taking time to talk, hash tag. You know it is sincere when there is a hash tag. Bieber reportedly offered to help President Clinton with his charity. Seems like theyre on good terms, although at the end of the call it did get a little awkward, when Clinton asked for Selena Gomezs phone number.In politics, plus-size New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul are in a bit of battle right now. For those who dont know, Rand Paul is RuPauls straight-edge, conservative brother, something like that. Apparently, Governor Christie criticized Rand Paul for pork-barrel spending, so Rand fired back. He said this is the king of bacon talking about bacon. The king of bacon, is that supposed to be an insult? I would kneel before the king of bacon.But I tell you, whatever is going on in New Jersey is peanuts compared to what is going on with Anthony Weiner in New York. Todays news was, one of his former interns shared a great story with The New York Daily News. She claims at one point, this is not sexual, he called all 20 interns into his office. He told them, Tell me your names, and Ill be able to go around the room and remember all of your names. And then he started to go around the room and couldnt remember any of their names. He knew their screen names. But he did not know their?Public Policy Polling did a survey of Republicans living in Georgia, and according to their findings, Republicans living in Georgia like Paula Deen more than they like Martin Luther King Jr. Both Paula Deen and MLK were born in Georgia, which is why they asked the question in the first place. Seventy-three percent of Georgia Republicans have a favorable opinion of Paula Deen, 11 percent are unfavorable. And only 59 percent have a favorable view of Martin Luther King Jr., 28 percent unfavorable. To be fair, Martin Luther King Jr.s key lime pie recipe was not very good. But thats crazy, isnt it? Especially because Paula Deen herself is an admirer of Martin Luther King Jr. In fact, she named her last cookbook, I Have A Dreamsicle.Dennis Rodman returned to North Korea this morning, and with any luck, for good. He says he is not going there for diplomatic reasons; he just likes being taller than an entire country.Sen. John McCain got caught in an embarrassing moment yesterday. A photographer from the Washington Post caught him playing poker on his phone during the first public hearing on the potential US military action in Syria. Caught playing poker on his phone. Sounds like something Anthony Weiner would have been caught doing.Politicians in Siskiyou County, which is a small county up in northern California, voted 4-1 yesterday to move forward with a plan to secede from the state of California. Siskiyou County is more rural than other parts of California. They feel like their needs and interests are not being represented properly, so they want to form their own state. Currently, there are 44,000 people living in Siskiyou County. Why do I feel like if we give them a Chipotle franchise this will all go away?Obviously, this is not going to happen. It is a bad plan, and Ill tell you why its a bad plan. This is the United States of America. Were all in this together. But if somebody does decide to leave, Id like it to be Florida. A lot of weird things going on there. Everyone else stays right where they are.In New York, last night, former Congressman Anthony Weiner was the first candidate to concede in his bid to become the Democratic candidate for mayor. Not sure who won the election - all I know is Anthony Weiner lost. He got less than five percent of the vote and came in fifth. That is a shame. Theres got to be something else he can run for. I have 3,000 more Weiner jokes. Maybe I can get him on Dancing with the Stars.The New York Times today published an unusual op-ed piece. It was unusual, because it was written by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Putin is taking his case on Syria directly to the American people. I like that he thinks we read the New York Times op-ed section. Unless he had it published in the crossword puzzle section, 99% of us will never even see it. But in the article, he warns against what he calls American exceptionalism. On Tuesday, you know, President Obama called Americans exceptional. He said were different from other countries. But Putin disagrees with that. He wrote, It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. Sound like a fun dad, huh?A Brazilian hacker group launched a cyberattack against the NSA website in retaliation of the reports that the NSA spied on the Brazilian president. Unfortunately though, instead of hacking the NSA, they accidentally hacked NASA. And?thats why Brazilian hackers never win Wheel of Fortune.Unfortunately, there was some confusion when it came to publishing the letter. McCain intended it to be published in Pravda, which is one of Russias oldest and respected newspapers. But instead, it was published on the website Pravda.ru, which has no affiliation with the newspaper at all, and it appears that the letter went through some kind of government filter before it was posted, which, I guess, isnt surprising for a country that still doesnt have freedom of the press. But what was surprising was the tone of the translation. It almost seemed friendly, which was not how it was intended. This is how it was translated, Vladimir Putin is very sexy man and very strong like bear or bull. If I were lady, I would sex him. I am not lady. Therefore, I envious his muscles and strong eyes, but not in gay way. Putin is hero!The Fourth US Circuit Court of Appeals just made an interesting decision about Facebook. They said that liking something on Facebook is considered free speech and is, therefore, protected under the First Amendment. The case went to court because a former deputy sheriff in Virginia claimed he was fired for liking the Facebook page of the candidate running against his boss for sheriff. Which, the real takeaway is, do not Facebook friend your boss under any circumstances.If you watched the news at all today, you know that we are on the verge of a government shutdown. It is bad, because we need to keep the government working so they can continue to not do things on our behalf. Whats happening is a group of very motivated House Republicans...are refusing to let a budget pass unless provisions are included to defund Obamacare. ? President Obama gave a speech suggesting this is a hostage situation, but the Republicans said they are not holding America hostage and if he would bother to read their ransom note that would be perfectly clear.The government shutdown has happened before. The last one was in 1996, but the debate on this one is particularly heated, because people have such strong opinions about Obamacare. The polls show that Americans dont like Obamacare, but they like whats in it. Its like the opposite of a McNugget.To be honest, I didnt notice the government was shut down today. But the 800,000 government employees who had their hours cut or jobs taken away definitely did. But the good news is Congress is still getting paid. I want the names of the idiots who elected these people - oh, wait, it was us? Never mind.This is something the Huffington Post reported, that while the Congressmen were allegedly trying to work out a deal last night, some of them were drinking. ? Youd think a bunch of drunk guys can get along. When I am drunk, I will agree to anything. I will help you move, tell you I love you, father a child with you. You name it. I guess thats not the same effect when you are in Congress.Im glad you are here on day three of the government shutdown. During a speech in Maryland today, President Obama blamed the shutdown on House Speaker John Boehner and then John Boehner blamed it on the a-a-a-alcohol.You can see, we are really at a standstill, here. The shutdown is costing us $300 million a day. That is a full Ironman sequel per day. We could be up to Ironman 7 by tomorrow, but were not because of this.What they call nonessential government services have been put on hold. Flight safety inspectors have been furloughed. National monuments closed. Even the Grand Canyon, its closed. They filled it with spackle too.Yesterday, Marlin Stutzman, which is not a name I made up - that is a real person. He is one of the Congressmen whos responsible for the shutdown. Marlin dug his heels in, and he said, Were not going to be disrespected. We have to get something out of this. And I dont know what that even is. Thats what he said. Quite a rallying cry, by the way. What do we want? I have no idea! When do we want it? Couldnt possibly tell you. Maybe if he didnt want to be disrespected, he shouldnt have run for Congress in the first place.Today was day nine of the government shutdown. President Obama invited all 232 House Republicans to the White House to discuss the situation. But the Republicans only sent an 18-member delegation, which meant Michelle Obama got stuck with more than 200 brown rice-tofurkey burgers. You know the gluten-free seaweed buns do not keep. So that went badly.Today was Day 10 of the government shutdown. At what point do we politely ask Canada to govern us?House Republicans offered to raise the debt ceiling for six weeks, but they refused to end the shutdown, which was a nonstarter for President Obama. So, were at a standstill once again. I will tell you this though: When President Obama and John Boehner finally do settle this, the makeup sex is going to be amazing.The exclusive gym where congressmen go to work out has remained open during all of this, although they were quick to point out the gym is not fully operational, because towel service is no longer available due to the shutdown. So, everyone is suffering.You know, the government may be shut down, but we are wide open. Me in particular. Its hard to believe, I figured this would go on for four or five days. Today was day 14 of the government shutdown. I am starting to forget what it is like to have a government. There is a guy with big ears and a suit that talked about hope. That is all gone. Just when you think that Congress could not do anything less, they manage to. At this point the government is like a house on Halloween that turns out the lights and leaves a bowl of candy on the front porch.Day 15 of the government shutdown, according to my Advent calendar. ? President Obama said he was hopeful an agreement would be reached tonight. Then again, he was also hopeful the Obamacare website would work, and that isnt really happening.Part of the problem is that Republicans in the House cant even agree between themselves on what they want. Which means Obama doesnt know what to tell them they cant have.Can you feel the government running again? The government shutdown officially ended last night. Should we be happy the government is back? I kind of feel like my sister got back together with an abusive boyfriend or something.Im still not entirely clear on what happened. As far as I know, President Obama signed a bill to redo the ceiling at the Capitol building and now the zoo is open again.President Obamas new national healthcare program has been beset by number of problems with the website. There are a lot of reports of error messages and instances of the healthcare.gov website freezing up. ? This is what happens when we dont outsource to India. Things get screwed up. You can wait for them to get the site fixed, or you can enroll in medical school, graduate and then just take care of yourself, which would probably be faster.Vice President [Al Gore] is here tonight to talk some sense into us on the subject of climate change. My prediction, he will fail. The problem is?its not at the top of our priority list. Maybe if climate was spelled with a K, like Kardashian, wed pay attention. But it isnt, so we dont.And on top of all the World Series-related chaos in Boston, President Obama went to Boston today to do to Boston traffic what his healthcare website did to traffic on the web.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, I dont know if it is an honor. He appeared on the cover of the new Time magazine. This is the headline - it says - The Elephant in the Room, which could be a reference to the fact that he is a Republican and the elephant is their symbol. But lets be honest, it isnt.[Referring to controversy surrounding Toronto Mayor Rob Ford] And then after the city council meeting, somehow the story got even crazier. A judge released a 500-page police report. Among the revelations, a member of the Mayors staff claims he saw him [Ford] on St. Patricks Day last year with a what he believed to be prostitute, and later that night, a waiter at a local bar said he witnessed the Mayor snorting cocaine. So really, at this point, the only shocking allegation you could make about Mayor Ford is that he was caught eating a salad.If you want to see some real magic, though, look no further than Toronto Mayor Rob Ford. Rob Ford, hes provided me with so much entertainment this week I feel like I should pay him a subscription fee like HBO.The Washington Post has new details about the NSA and how theyre monitoring us. The NSA collects almost five billion records a day that can pinpoint a cell phone anywhere in the world, track its movements, and map the personal relationships of the person using it. This is interesting. Ill tell you what this means. You know the crazy people that wear the tinfoil hats because they think the government is tracking them? Turns out they were right.Maybe Im oversimplifying it, but how is it possible that they can track every cell phone in the world, but cant build a healthcare website. Maybe they should put the NSA in charge of Obamacare.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has had a bad couple of days. Hes embroiled in a major scandal involving lane closures near the George Washington Bridge. One of his top aides allegedly ordered the lane closure to retaliate against the mayor of Fort Lee, who refused to support Governor Christies re-election. A lot of people got stuck in terrible traffic. Ambulances had a hard time getting through. Blocking off bridges, you know, intentionally. To put that in perspective, thats what Bane did in the last Batman movie. Its a big deal. ? The scandal could damage Christies chances of getting the Republican nomination for president in 2016, but hell probably bounce back. He seems like a pretty bouncy person.Did any of you watch President Obamas State of the Union Address last night? (Applause) Why dont I believe any of you? President Obama said the state of the union is strong, which is something the President says every year. Just once I would like to hear a president say the state of the union is dope. We could use some dopeness.Once again this year, President Obama will grant an interview to a journalist from the network broadcasting the Super Bowl. The game is on Fox this year, so Bill OReilly is going to do the interview. That makes sense, because, you know, Super Bowl Sunday, most people just want to get together with their friends, eat nachos, drink beers and watch people fight about healthcare reform. Im taking OReilly with the points.[Referring to a Federal judge overturning the Texas ban on gay marriage] Texas State Senator Dan Patrick did not celebrate that ruling. Hes running for lieutenant governor. Hes a very vocal opponent of same-sex marriage. But this is what he tweeted yesterday. He tweeted, Marriage equals one man and one man. Enough of these activist judges. Favorite it if you agree. I know the silent majority is out there with us. Not great with math, but Im pretty sure that one man and one man, thats two men, isnt it?As is now the tradition, President Obama revealed his [NCAA Basketball Tournament] picks today. He has Florida, Arizona, Louisville and Michigan State in the final four, with Michigan State beating Louisville to win it. But I would take his picks with a grain of salt. He also picked Louie Anderson to win Splash.A global company said 50 million Americans participate in March Madness. ? They say American companies stand to lose $1.2 billion every hour, because of the NCAA tournament. ? If thats true, we need to get rid of it. Thats crazy, right? President Obama shouldnt be filling out brackets. He should be arresting the people at CBS.A group of Secret Service agents went to Amsterdam ahead of President Obamas visit there Monday, but three of them were sent home early after they stayed out all night drinking, and one of them was discovered passed out in the hallway of the hotel. They sent them all home, and theyre investigating. I dont know what the big deal is. Guillermo guards me drunk every night and you dont see me complaining about it.[Referring to meeting between President Obama and Pope Francis] Its traditional for world leaders to exchange gifts when they meet for the first time, and the Pope and Obama did that. The Pope gave the President a copy of his book and two medallions. The President gave the Pope seeds from the White House vegetable garden. And the Pope said, Oh great, seeds, my favorite. Ill get right to planting. What is the Pope going to do with seeds? You know, everybody gives the Pope a symbolic gift. If I met the Pope, Id give him an Xbox.There was some very positive news?for the leader of North Korea. Kim Jong-Un just got reelected. He got 110 percent of the votes. Voter turnout was 100 percent which is impressive, especially since he ran unopposed. Its almost as if they force people to vote over there. Part of the reason he did so well was this campaign poster, Yes, you will.The President is in Japan today. They invited him to the National Museum of Science and Innovation to show him, among other things, the robot that Honda developed. You may have seen incarnations of this. Now the thing can kick a soccer ball. Its cute watching the President interact with a prototype which will one day enslave us all, isnt it?A six-year-old Russian girl asked Vladimir Putin this question. She asked, If you were drowning, do you think President Obama would save you? Putin said, Yes, I think Obama would save me. So, on Friday, Jon Karl of ABC News asked President Obama, Would you save him? And Obama said, Yeah, I would save Putin if he was drowning. He said, I would save anyone except Donald Sterling if they were drowning.To be honest, Im glad anyone is here tonight, because theres a big traffic jam right here in L.A. right now - bigger than usual because President Obama is in town. The President is in town to make everybody late for yoga lattes. ... Hes here in L.A. to go to fundraisers, where he will spend the evening pretending to care about what celebrities think.They shut down several major streets today for the President, and theyre going to do it again tomorrow. A good way to ensure that your approval rating remains in the low 40s is to see to it that it takes everybody three-and-a half hours to get home from work.You know, if hes here for donations, he should just park his motorcade on the 405 and refuse to move until we all chip in to give five million dollars, right?In Washington, the House passed the bill today with 225 votes to go forward with a lawsuit against President Obama. So, see, who says Congress cant get anything done?Theyre suing the President. Well, I think it is ridiculous, unless they do the trial on Judge Judy. Then I am all for it.After a very productive last few months, Congress is about to head off on their August recess, which seems appropriate. You know, adults go on vacation, children go on recess. And they take the whole month of August off. From what, exactly, I dont know.Congress is a lot like nipples on men. Theyre there. Theyre displayed prominently. But they dont do anything. And now, theyre leaving to go do nothing at home.Last week it was revealed the CIA has been spying on the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is the committee thats supposed to supervise the CIA. ? Who do these people think they are? Facebook?[Referring to Forbes coolest-city list] You know what city Forbes says is the coolest? The number one coolest city in America is Washington, DC. How did that happen? Did Obama start smoking again?Forbes bases its rankings on factors like how many entertainment options a city has, parks, sporting events. Somehow Washington, DC, came out on top. That makes sense. I mean, between Joe Biden and John Boehner alone, its like a nonstop Burning Man festival over there.The Olive Garden just sold out of something they call the never-ending pasta pass. For 100 dollars, this pass will allow you to eat as much pasta, salad, bread and soda in seven weeks, or before you die. ... The Olive Garden offered only 1,000 of these passes, which sold out in 45 minutes. When she heard the news, Michelle Obama stood silently in the Rose Garden, shed a single tear.President Obama was on TV tonight. He gave a primetime address from...the White House to detail his plan to stop ISIS and also to give his pick for tomorrow nights game between the Ravens and the Steelers. Hes taking the Ravens with the points.Attention shoppers in the state of California. Yesterday, Governor Jerry Brown signed the first state-wide ban on single-use plastic bags at grocery and convenience stores. So, have fun picking up your dogs poop with your bare hands, guys.The law will take effect in July next year. Its a big deal, because now Im going to have to find something else to collect dozens of under my kitchen sink for no good reason.Theres a new royal baby on the way. Prince William and his wife Kate have confirmed that their second child will arrive in April of next year. So, soon there will be not one but two babies with the power to decapitate their subjects.Yesterday was, of course, Election Day. There were a number of pot-related items on state ballots. Alaska, Oregon and Washington, DC, voted to legalize recreational marijuana. Vice President Joe Biden celebrated quietly at home, contemplating the infinite nature of the universe.In Florida, a measure to legalize medical marijuana did not pass. Which, thats probably for the best, right? People in Florida are weird enough already.Remarkably, the very liberal state of California still has not legalized marijuana for recreational use. Though, due to the drought we are having here, we are considering making it legal to drink bong water.As you probably know, Republicans picked up a lot of seats and won control of both chambers of Congress yesterday, which is key, because whoever controls Congress controls the lunch menu at the cafeteria.Republicans have a majority in the Senate and House of Representatives for the first time in eight years. I guess when it was all said and done, the Republicans just had the better lawn signs.The Food and Drug Administration?published some new rules today that will require chain restaurants and other food-related businesses to post calorie counts for everything they sell. Calorie counts will be posted on everything from beer at restaurants to popcorn at the movies. Its all part of a government initiative to make fat people even sadder.At the White House yesterday, they kicked off Computer Science Education Week. Students from a school in Newark were on hand to give tutorials on computer code, and President Obama sat down and wrote one. The program he wrote was not very complex. All his program does is draw a box, which hes hoping he can crawl into and hide in for the rest of his term.An expected flurry of activity in Congress. Congress agreed to a trillion-dollar spending bill to avoid another government shutdown. It seems like the only time they get anything done in Congress is at the last minute. Maybe we should figure out a way of making it always the last minute. You guys have one minute left to live.If it doesnt pass, the Federal government will run out of money tomorrow. In the richest country on earth, we will run out of money tomorrow. Maybe we can borrow some money from Mexico to tide us over. A few zillion pesos should get us through to January 1st.Congress goes on recess starting tomorrow night. By the way, thats all you need to know about Congress. They get recess. Bunch of middle-aged, adult men and women get three weeks off to play kick ball? Thats what you do at recess, right?[Referring to the cyber-attack on Sony Pictures] They say the White House is debating whether or not to publicly accuse North Korea. The Justice Department is expected to make a statement about this tomorrow. It could be deemed an act of war. Could you imagine if we wind up in a war because of the guys from Pineapple Express? I always figured it would be Harold and Kumar.The Presidents pushing for new laws to protect American companies from hackers, and who better to do that than the people who brought us the Obamacare website. Not only couldnt hackers get in, no one could get in.Not only does the President want online activities to be safer, he wants them to be faster. Obama was in Cedar Falls, Iowa, today to promote equal access to high-speed Internet. Apparently, Cedar Falls has some of the fastest Internet speeds in all the United States. Who could have guessed Iowa would be the state to lead us into the future.President Obama delivered the annual State of the Union address. ... As is customary, the Vice President, Joe Biden, sat behind the President and unbuttoned a single button each time he agreed with something the President said.The President went into this State of the Union with his highest approval rating in almost three years. His approval rating is now at 50 percent, which isnt bad considering the fact that his middle name is still Hussein.Dennis Rodman said he does not believe North Korea was behind the hack of Sony. And Ill say that his judgment has been dead-on in the past. He said Kim Jong-un treated him like one of the family, which might not be a good thing if you ask his uncle.There has been some controversy surrounding [President] Obamas appearance on the show tonight. Monday we announced the President would be here. This morning I got a letter from 47 Republicans telling me not to sign any deals with him. I guess that peace agreement with Matt Damon is off.The Republicans who signed that letter sent to Iran - getting a lot of criticism, including from members of their own party. What are they supposed to do? The letter clearly said, Copy this letter and send it to nine enemy governments, or it will bring your country bad luck. You have no choice. You dont mess with St. Jude.Part of the reason why President Obama is here in town tonight is to do fundraising. You know, hes very serious about helping Sasha and Malia sell all their Girl Scout cookies.The cost of attendance at the DNC fundraiser Obama is going to is $33,400 per couple for dinner, and thats with limited bread sticks. You know, if the President really wants to raise money, he should throw on a superhero costume and take pictures with people in front of the Chinese theater across the street, because thats where the money is.Meanwhile, the first known candidate to enter the race for president in 2016 is Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz broke the news that he will run on Twitter today. Thats the cool way to do it, I guess. Announcing your candidacy before everyone else does is kind of like being the first celebrity to show up on the Oscars red carpet. Its not a great thing.Hillary announced on Sunday that she is running. Then she [rode] from her home in New York to Iowa in a van. You cant be president of the United States unless you agree to eat a corn dog in front of a small group of farmers.Hillary Clinton is riding around in a van that stopped at a gas station in Pennsylvania and a community college. Shes either running for president or selling pot.